<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-K_edgar_data_1346655_0001346655-16-000040_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3408161</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128494</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>200861</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1113455</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1176320</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>695098</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001346655-16-000040.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101153550
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001346655-16-000040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001346655
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				870733770
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51770
		FILM NUMBER:		161964607

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2130 NORTH LINCOLN PARK WEST 8N
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(773) 698-6047

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2130 NORTH LINCOLN PARK WEST 8N
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CMG HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080220

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pebble Beach Enterprises
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001346655-16-000040.txt : 20161101

10-K
 1
 f10k2015-cmgo.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

f10k2015-cmgo.htm 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC.   

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Nevada   
     
     87 0733770   
  
   State or other jurisdiction  of incorporation  or organization)  
     
  (I.R.S. Employer Identification  No.)  

2130 North Lincoln Park West 8N   

Chicago, IL   
     
    60614   
  
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
     
  (Zip Code)   

(773)   698 -6047   

Registrant's telephone number including area code   

(Former Name or Former Address, if changed since last report)    

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:  

None   

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:    

Common   Stock,   $0.001 par     value   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well known seasonal issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes   o     No     x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes     o     No        x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes   o   No     x    * 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes     o   No        x  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10  K or any amendment to this Form 10 K.    o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non accelerated filer, or small reporting company. See the definition of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "small reporting company" in Rule 12b  2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer     o   Accelerated filer     o                                                                                               Non accelerated filer     o     Smaller reporting company  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Act). Yes  o  No    x  

As of November 1, 2016 the aggregate market value of the Registrant s voting and non voting common stock held by non affiliates of the registrant as of the end of the second quarter of the last fiscal year was approximately: $2,895,000 at $0.01 price per share, based on the closing price on the OTCQB. As of November 1, 2016, there were 289,500,000 shares of common stock of the  registrant issued and  outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference:   None  

1 

CMGO HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item # 

Description 

Page Numbers 

PART I 

3 

ITEM 1 

BUSINESS 

8 

ITEM 1A 

RISK FACTORS 

8 

ITEM 1B 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

8 

ITEM 2 

PROPERTIES 

8 

ITEM 3 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

8 

ITEM 4 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

9 

PART II 

9 

ITEM 5 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

9 

ITEM 6 

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

11 

ITEM 7 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

11 

ITEM 7A 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

14 

ITEM 8 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

14 

ITEM 9 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

14 

ITEM 9A 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

14 

ITEM 9B 

OTHER INFORMATION 

15 

PART III 

16 

ITEM 10 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

16 

ITEM 11 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

18 

ITEM 12 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

19 

ITEM 13 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

20 

ITEM 14 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

20 

PART IV 

20 

ITEM 15 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

20 

SIGNATURES 

22 

EXHIBIT 31 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

EXHIBIT 32 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

2 

FORWARD  LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report on Form 10 K contains forward looking statements which include, but are not limited to, statements concerning expectations as to our revenues, expenses, and net income, our growth strategies and plans, the timely development and market acceptance of our products and technologies, the competitive nature of and anticipated growth in our markets, our ability to achieve cost reductions, the status of evolving technologies and their growth potential, the adoption of future industry standards, expectations as to our financing and liquidity requirements and arrangements, the need for additional capital, and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates, and projections about our industry, management s beliefs, and certain assumptions made by it. Words such as  anticipates ,  appears ,  expects ,  intends ,  plans ,  believes,  seeks ,  estimates ,  may ,  will  and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward  looking statements. These statements, which are included in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results could differ materially and adversely from those results expressed in any forward looking statements, as a result of various factors. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements, which are based only upon information available as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any  forward looking  statements for any  reason. Unless the context  indicates otherwise, the terms  Company ,  Corporate ,  CMGO ,  our , and  we  refer to CMG Holdings Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

ITEM 1: DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Our History 

CMG Holdings Group, Inc. (the  Company  or  CMG ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on  July  30,  2004 under the name of  Pebble Beach Enterprises, Inc.  From the date of incorporation until August 2004, it was a wholly owned  subsidiary of Fresh Veg Broker.com, Inc. ( Fresh Veg ), a Nevada corporation. In August 2004, the Company was spun off from Fresh Veg. Until May 27, 2008, the Company was a real estate investment company with three areas of operation: a) real estate acquisition and resale  b) real estate development and resale  and c) real estate consulting and joint ventures. On February 20, 2008, a majority of the shares of the Company were sold by the shareholders who were actively involved in the Company s prior real estate business (the  Change in Control ). Also on February 20, 2008, the Company changed its name to  CMG Holdings, Inc.  Since the Change in Control, the Company started to engage in the business of providing marketing, entertainment and management services. 

In October 2011, the Company changed its name from  CMG Holdings, Inc.  to its current name   CMG Holdings Group, Inc.  to better reflect the business of the Company. 

Business Overview 

The Company is a marketing communications company focused on the operation of organizations in the alternative advertising, digital media, experiential and interactive marketing, and entertainment. Our Company was formed by a core group of executives who have held senior level positions with several of the largest companies in the entertainment and marketing management industry. Our Company delivers customized marketing solutions at optimize profitability by concentrating our resources in those segments of the marketing communications and entertainment industry. Our Company operates in the sectors of experiential marketing, event marketing, commercial rights, and talent management. 

Experiential marketing includes production and promotion, event designs, sponsorship evaluation, negotiation and activation, talent buying, show production, stage and set designs, data analysis and management. We also offer branding and design services, including graphic, industrial and package designs across traditional and new media, public relations, social media, media development and relations and interactive marketing platforms to provide our clients with a  customary  private digital media networks to design and develop individual broadcasting digital media channels for our clients to sell, promote and enhance their digital media video contents through mobile, online and social mediums. 

Below is the business description of XA, The Experiential Agency, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary. 

3 

XA,   The Experiential Agency,   Inc.     ( XA )  

Overview 

XA, The Experiential Agency, Inc. ( XA ) is the Company s wholly owned subsidiary engaged in event marketing and management. XA was acquired by the Company on April 1, 2009. It engages in a diverse range of marketing services, including interactive event strategy and planning, creative development, public relations, and nontraditional marketing. XA has staged movie and show premiers, cross country tours, hosted VIP events, staged press stunts, and other types of media events and services for leading shows, production houses, non profit agencies and local communities across the United States. In addition to the physical event planning, logistics and event implementation, XA also engages in the interactive side of the events to increase branding awareness over the Internet. 

XA s strong competitive advantage are (i) its long term presence and it is in its 25th year as a successful top tier event marketing  agency, (ii) its outstanding  long term vendor relationships that  help  deliver exceptional  programs to  its clients,  and   (iii)     the vertical integration that gives its clients a single source for all their event marketing needs, which  we  believe  will require less outsourcing and increased profitability  and  delivering  superior customer service  and  creates one of a kind  events and programs. 

Business Model 

Rooted in brand creativity and client partnerships, XA maintains unique client relationships by anticipating client challenges and providing innovative solutions. The XA business model is taking strategic marketing programs to new levels of audience experience through alternative advertising and experiential marketing and interactive media solutions. The XA marketing capabilities enable their clients and audience to  experience  events compared to just hearing or seeing their client s messages through holistic experiences to boost sales and increase brand awareness and customer affinity. 

While XA continues to seek opportunities and  win projects from Fortune 100 clients in  the larger enterprise  segment, we believe that rapid revenue growth opportunities and margin improvements are available in the comprehensive advisory services of the small to medium enterprise (SME) segment. The SME market has many smaller firms that specialize in only a few aspects of the event marketing and business communications segments, yet SME s face equally important challenges in terms of brand building and content management. By acting as a comprehensive integrated single source for the total marketing needs of the SMEs, XA has created a niche for itself on a national scale and will replicate the same success strategy internationally under the Company s holding company model. Given the fact that brand marketers are demanding a full service agency for developing and executing integrated marketing campaigns, we believes that XA will take advantage of the accelerating secular trend of shifts in corporate emphasis toward online event/promotional marketing versus traditional media driven selling efforts. XA is specifically focused on strategically target key segments within the event marketing space in order to capture market share in its existing geographic locations as well as enhance its national and international presence. XA is positioning itself as the one of the few source marketing partners in the market with its unique selling point being the ability to act as a source for the client s total marketing needs. This would encompass the entire spectrum of services associated with marketing, from strategizing and defining an event portfolio, conceptualization of the event theme and content creation to the final implementation/management of events. XA will also provide an ultimate client return on investment assessment following each implementation. 

Market Strategy 

We have taken strategic steps to position the Company as a marketing communications company  servicing  clients in  domestic and international markets. We operate in a marketing landscape that has vastly changed over the last few years and continues to fragment as clients are presented with different complex strategies to improve brand awareness and increase market share. To  achieve our objectives of providing strategic solutions for our clients, we have recruited talents and have concentrated in high  growth areas to align our capabilities to meet the market demands. In order to grow with our clients, we have accelerated our investment in technologies, professional talent, and provided training throughout our Company. Our market strategy and offerings can improve our organic revenue growth and operating income margin, with our ultimate objective to be fully competitive with our industry peer groups. To increase our revenues and improve our operating margins, we will concentrate on controlling our staff expenses in non revenue producing capacities, controlling real estate expenses such as office rent, reducing the complexity of our organization and divesting of underperforming business   sectors. 

Through our wholly owned subsidiary, XA, an integrated experiential marketing services  company,  we  develop, manage and execute sales promotion programs at both national and local levels, utilizing both online and offline marketing programs. Our programs assist our clients effectively and promote their platforms and services directly to retailers and consumers, and are intended to assist our clients to achieve maximum impact and return on their marketing investment. Our activities reinforce brand awareness, provide incentives to retailers to motivate consumers to purchase their products, and are designed to meet the needs of our clients by focusing on the communities who want to engage brands as part of their lifestyles. 

Sources of Revenue 

Our revenues are generated through the execution of marketing and communications programs derived primarily across the sectors of event management, talent management and commercial rights as well as various media, planning and other management programs. The majority of our contracts with our clients are negotiated individually and the terms of engagement with our clients and basis in which we earn fees and commissions will vary significantly. Contracts with our client are multifaceted arrangements that may include incentive compensation provisions and may  include  vendor credits. Our largest clients are corporations where they may arrange for our services to be provided locally or nationally. Similar to larger marketing communications companies operating in our sector, our revenues are primarily derived from planning and executing marketing and communications programs in various operating sectors. Most of our client contracts are individually negotiated where terms of engagements and consideration in which we earn revenues vary among planning, creation, implementation and executions of marketing and communications programs specific to the sectors of talent management, event management, and commercial rights. Several of our clients have complex contract arrangements  therefore, we provide services to our clients from our own offices as well as onsite where the events are held. In arranging for such services, we may enter into national or local agreements and estimates are involved in determining both amount and timing of revenue recognition under these arrangements. 

4 

Our fees are calculated to reflect our expertise based on monthly rates as well as mark up percentages and the relative overhead expenses to execute services provided to our clients. Clients may seek to include incentive compensation components for successful execution as part of the total compensation. Commissions earned are based on services provided and are usually calculated on a percentage over the total revenues generated for our clients. Our revenues can also be generated when clients pay gross rates before we pay reduced rates the difference is commissions earned which is either retained in total or shared with the client depending on the nature of the services agreement. Our generated revenues are dependent upon the marketing and communications requirements of our corporate clients and dependent on the terms of the client contract. The revenues for services performed can be recognized as proportional performance, monthly basis or execution of the completed contracts. For revenues recognized on a completed contract basis, the contract terms are customary in the  industry.  Our  client  contracts generally provide terms for termination by either party on 90 day   notice. 

Competition 

In the highly competitive and fragmented marketing and  communications  industry,  our  Company  competes  for business with mid size marketing firms such as Mktg, Inc. as well as large global holding companies such as International Management Group, Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc., MDC Partners, Inc. and Omnicom. These global  companies generally have greater resources than those available to us, and such  resources may  enable them to  aggressively  compete with our Company s marketing communications businesses. We also face competition from numerous independent  agencies  that operate in multiple markets. Our competitive advantage is to provide clients with marketing strategies that are focused on increasing clients  revenues and  profits. 

Industry Trend 

Historically, event management and talent  management  have been  primary  service provided  by  global companies in the marketing communications industry. However, as clients aim to establish individual and enhanced relationships with their customers to more accurately measure the effectiveness of their marketing expenditures, specialized and digital communications services are consuming a growing portion of marketing dollars. This increases the demand for a broader range of marketing communications services. The mass market audience is giving way to life style segments, social events/networks, and online/mobile communities, with each segment requiring a different message and/or different, often non traditional, channels of communication. Global marketers now seek innovative strategies, concepts and programs for new opportunities for small to  mid sized  communications companies. 

Clients 

The Company serves clients across the marketing communication industry. Marketing agreements and talent representation for our clients means that the Company handles marketing communications and multiple brands, product lines of the client in every geographical location. We have contracts with many of our clients and the terms of the contracts are customary in the industry. These contracts provide for termination by either party on relatively short notice.  Management s Discussion and Analysis   Executive Overview  for a further discussion of our arrangements with our clients. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2015, the Company and its subsidiary had 8 employees. The personal service character of the marketing communications sector, the quality of personnel and executive management are crucially important to the Company s continuing success. 

Environmental Laws 

The company believes it complies with all regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment, and such regulations have not had a material effect on the capital expenditures or operations of the company. 

Recent Acquisition of Good Gaming 

On March 28, 2014, the Company completed its acquisition of 100% of the equity interests of Good Gaming, Inc. ( GGI ) by  entering  into  a  Share  Exchange  Agreement  (the   SEA ) with  BMB  Financial, Inc. and  Jackie  Beckford,  GGI s shareholders. The owner of BMB Financial, Inc. is also the owner of Infinite Alpha, Inc. which provides consulting services to CMG. Pursuant to the SEA, for 100% of the shares of GGI, CMG paid: 5,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.001 per share, $33,000 in equipment and consultant compensation and a commitment to pay $200,000 in development costs, of which $50,000 had been advanced by CMG. In addition, the SEA calls for CMG to adopt an incentive plan for GGI pursuant to which the GGI s officers, directors and employees will receive up to 30% of the net profits of GGI and up to 30% of the proceeds of any sale of GGI or its assets.  In November of 2015 the Company entered into an agreement to sell Good GFaming.  The Sale closed in February of 2016. 

5 

The SEA contains representations and warranties from the former GGI shareholders customary for this type of transaction. 

GGI is an online gaming portal with a business objective of assisting eSports gamers to hone and elevate their skills so as to enable them to compete at a higher level in amateur thru professional gaming tournaments. GGI plans to provide its targeted market with access to its proprietary membership based eSports web platform. GGI intends to provide a service with a monthly membership fee to its target market comprised of 16 25 year old, single, high school/college level adults with disposable income and more than 10 hours of invested game play weekly. 

GGI plans to offer a multiple array of incentive driven tournaments to meet the needs of a varied gaming  community. GGI plans to hold signature level season tournament play on a quarterly basis. GGI intends to offer many regularly scheduled tournaments on a weekly and monthly basis which will offer cash and other incentive based prizes. GGI also intends to offer organizational level tournaments for groups of gamers who organize themselves in guilds/teams/clans/parties  etc. As  GGI grows, it intends to offer community driven tournaments that are structured by gamers and organized groups in which they will determine the prizes, style and nature of the  incentives. 

GGI intends to produce gaming content that is regularly updated by experienced gamers. This content  will cover hundreds of areas, some of which are: gaming skills, macros, play style, nomenclature, terminology, tricks and tips, items, equipment, survival, balance of power and etiquette. This content will be focused on improving the gaming experience while improving the overall skill level of casual and serious gamers. In addition, the content will provide a teaching base to assist gamers achieve higher levels of competitive play with the intent to develop the right candidates for professional level    play. 

GGI plans to introduce a proprietary matchmaking system code named  Mercenary  that GGI believes can greatly improve upon the linear  ranking  style currently in place in most eSports and competitive games. Mercenary can enable gamers to locate players that not only play at or near their skill level but also their play style and  comp . Mercenary can also harness the power of community based knowledge to offer a continuing improved gaming experience. Mercenary, as it grows, will teach players so that their strengths and weaknesses do not need to rely solely upon a dubious quantitative value that  is left  for the gamer to decipher. GGI is planning to make Mercenary applicable across multiple games and platforms to quickly allow matchmaking to occur in the adoption of new games and new   content. 

GGI plans to actively pursue game designers, publishers, and  content  providers seeking  partnerships and  agreements that can produce a win win scenario for gamers and providers. These agreements will focus on securing exclusive game content for the purpose of improving the GGI community and offering unique content and experiences. GGI plans to offer providers access to a unique demographic of gamers at their disposal for alpha testing, beta testing, feedback, non traditional gaming  exposure, and test content. GGI plans to attempt to foster a cross platform/game concept to consolidate merchandising, pay to play, aesthetic, and advertising content in a cohesive collective. This collective can create unique and new ways for gamers and providers to achieve goals that currently do not exist or are not robust enough to meet the larger needs of the gaming and advertising  community. 

GGI s overall goals are to be the one stop internet presence for serious gamers who wish to move beyond the casual gaming moniker and compete in eSports. GGI plans to improve the overall gamers experience through improving their game etiquette, skill set, and mastery techniques suited to higher professional play. GGI while serving the gaming community has the overall desire to close the gap between gamers, providers, advertisers to foster a gaming community that results in a fun, satisfying experience while serving an economic   purpose. 

GGI currently has five employees, each of whom is involved in the development of its eSports web portal. 

CMG believes that GGI currently does not have any direct competition. However, GGI has a number of indirect competitors which offer eSports content and information related to competitive gaming focused around specific game titles or consoles. These indirect competitors include: Skill Capped, Major League Gaming, Curse, MMO Champion, LOL King and MOBAfire. 

AudioEye Separation and Spin off 

On March 23, 2010 the Company entered into a share exchange agreement with the former stockholders of AudioEye,   Inc. (hereinafter  AE ) whereby AE became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the former stockholders of AE retained rights (the  Rights ) to receive cash from the exploitation of AE s technology. These Rights consisted of 50% of any cash received from income earned, settlements or judgments directly resulting from AE s patent strategy, net of any direct costs or tax implications incurred in payment of the patent strategy. Additionally, the holders of the Rights were entitled to a share of AE s net income for 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 based on a specified formula. The holders of the Rights have contributed the Rights to AEAC in exchange for shares of AEAC. The Company also had issued Senior Secured Notes (the  AE Notes ) in an aggregate principal amount of $1,075,000 to such former shareholders of AE, which were secured by all of the assets of the Company, including AE. There was a significant risk that unless the AE Notes were kept current and serviced, the holders of the AE Notes would foreclose and take possession of AE or its  assets. 

On June 22, 2011, the Company entered into a Master Agreement (the  Master  Agreement )  with  AudioEye Acquisition Corporation ( AEAC ) pursuant to which: (i) the stockholders of AEAC would acquire from the Company 80% of the capital stock of AE (the  Separation ) and (ii) the Company distributed to its stockholders, in the form of a dividend, 5% of the capital stock of AE (the  Spin off ). Pursuant to the Master Agreement, as amended, AEAC also released the Company from its obligations under the AE Notes. In connection with the release of the Company under the AE Notes, effective August 15, 2012, the Company completed the Separation. On February 22, 2013, the Company completed the Spin off by distributing a  total of 1,500,259 shares of AE common stock to its shareholders on the record date of October 26, 2012 on a pro rata basis after the SEC declared the registration statement on Form S 1 filed by AE effective on January 19, 2013. As a result of the foregoing transactions, the Company retained a total of 4,500,874 shares of AE common   stock. 

6 

Also in connection with the Separation, the Company entered  into a Royalty Agreement  with AE, pursuant  to  which for a period of five years, AE would pay to the Company 10% of cash received from income earned or settlements on judgments directly resulting from AE s patent enforcement and licensing strategy, whether received by AE or any of AE s affiliates, net in either case of any direct costs or tax implications incurred in pursuit of such strategy as they relate to the patents described in the Master Agreement. Additionally, the Company entered into a Services Agreement with AE whereby, without duplication to the amounts payable under the Royalty Agreement, for a period of 5 years, the Company shall receive a commission of 7.5% of all revenues received by AE after the Separation from all business, clients or other sources of revenue procured by the Company or its employees, officers or subsidiaries and directed to AE and 10% of net revenues obtained from a specified   customer. 

On August 1, 2013, the Company and AE entered into a Call Option Agreement ( AE Call Option ), where the Company granted AE the rights to purchase from AE up to 4,500,874 shares of AE common stock that the Company held. The AE Call Option was amended later on August 30, 2013, September 14, 2013, November 7, 2013 and November 25, 2013 and December 16, 2013, where the option granted under the AE Call Option was amended to reflect the new exercise price and the extended expiration date of March 31, 2014. 

In addition, pursuant to the AE Call Option, on November 12, 2013, the Company agreed to terminate the Royalty Agreement in consideration for cash payment of $85,000 from AE. 

On December 30, 2013, AE repurchased from the Company a total of 2,184,583 shares of AE common stock owned by the Company for the following consideration: (i) cash payment of $573,022 and (ii) release of Good Gaming, Inc. s obligation to AE in connection with a $50,000 accounts payable. 

Recent Developments 

Good Gaming Acquisition 

On March 28, 2014, the Company completed its acquisition of 100% of the equity interests of Good Gaming, Inc. ( GGI ) by entering into a Share Exchange Agreement (the  SEA ) with BMB Financial, Inc. and Jackie Beckford, GGI s shareholders. The owner of BMB Financial, Inc. is also the owner of Infinite Alpha, Inc. which provides consulting services to CMG. Pursuant to the SEA, for 100% of the shares of GGI, CMG paid: 5,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.001 per share, $33,000 in  equipment  and  consultant compensation  and  a commitment  to  pay  $200,000 in  development  costs,  of  which $50,000 had been advanced by CMG. In addition, the SEA calls for CMG to adopt an incentive plan for GGI pursuant to which the GGI s officers, directors and employees will receive up to 30% of the net profits of GGI and up to 30% of the    proceeds of any sale of GGI or its assets. 

GGI s field team has acquired new independently confirmable research showing eSports and competitive gaming is growing at a much faster pace than anticipated. According to Newwzoo BV games market research, eSports viewership is more than doubling on a year over year basis and we have seen that prize pools are increasing even faster in many cases. With the announcement that Wargaming s signature title "World of Tanks" will invest $10 million into eSports, GGI believes that other companies aside from industry leaders Riot games, Valve, and Ubisoft, are likely to enter the million dollar investment pool as the stakes for eSports grows. As a result, large advertisers are starting to focus on the eSports industry as it offers a platform for reaching increasing numbers of  consumers. 

Some key statistics that drive our growing optimistic outlook are as   follows: 

-     Over 20% of eSports gamers are big spender s vs 8% for all gamers. 

-   

Over 90% of eSports gamers spend money on games vs 65% for all gamers. 

-   

The global games market is a $74 billion market and eSports is one of the fastest growing segments 

-     For the first time, in 2013 Chinese giant Tencent surpassed Activision blizzard in gaming revenues solidifying the diminishing need for large box game development and loosening dependence on Christmas holiday sales patterns. 

Newzoo BV, Q4 PC Gaming Trend Report 2013 Report and Q2 Sizing Profiling eSports 2014   Report. 

GGI is in the process of researching what it is that gamers want   what their goals, aspirations, and ideas of euphoria tend to be. As of the beginning of 2014, according to Newzoo BV, 163.9 million people in the world, 15.38% of them in the United States, are playing video games often enough for it to be a full time job. We believe that eSports is not just a growing segment within the gaming industry, but within the much larger entertainment industry. It is not restricted by nationality, political affiliation, or socioeconomic status. eSports principal barrier is a simple one   internet   access. 

Behind the development of GGI s web platform, GGI is seeking to access the  gaming  community.  GGI has been seeking and has already signed veteran talent in the gaming community and is broadening its network of veteran and pro players. 

GGI recently established a partnership with a leading 3 rd  party provider of an eSports tournament management system. This partnership will provide a crucial backbone infrastructure for GGI s proprietary tournament design and has done so at less than 1/10 th    the cost originally expected due to diligent work by GGI s IT development team and the innovation of its partner. 

GGI anticipates that it will be able to announce key publisher partnerships and agreements in the coming months that can place it near the top of eSports entertainment and solidify its projected membership   base. 

In April of 2014 CMG was approached by a group interested in spinning off Good Gaming from CMG.  The LOI indicated that CMG would maintain a majority interest in the Company.  Good Gaming would be listed on the Canadian Stock Exchange.  In addition there would be a minimum of a $500,000 infusion of capital to the Company.  Discussions are ongoing but there is no certainty that a deal will be consummated.  Parties are involved in doing due diligence currently. 

During the quarters ended June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, each of the employees in XA s New York office, as well as its COO in Chicago resigned. The Company later learned that each of these employees had, along with XA s former CEO, formed a new company, called Hudson Gray, LLC ( HG ) which was soliciting XA s clients using confidential and proprietary information gained from their employment with XA. 

On September 23, 2014, XA filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York against HG and its principals alleging wrongdoing by the defendants in connection with soliciting XA s clients and seeking against further contact with XA clients. The Company conducted an internal investigation of actions taken by XA s former employees during the quarter ended September 30, 2014.. The Company and XA plan to complete the investigation, including recovering e-mails deleted by the former employees, and to vigorously pursue any and all amounts wrongfully taken from XA. 

The investigation has been completed, an amended complaint will be filed on June 15, 2015. New counsel has been retained to pursue the prosecution of the case and the new counsels name is Laurence Steckman of the firm Eaton and Van Winkle. There will be new defendants added and the damages sought will be substantially increased 

7 

Connied Termination and Releases     Agreement  

On August 3, 2013, the Company entered into a Termination Agreement and Releases with Connied, Inc., a successor in interest to Continental Investment Group, Inc. (collectively referred to as  Connied ), pursuant to which (i) the Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2011, where the Company agreed to issue 50,000 shares of its Series B Preferred Stock in exchange for 20,000 cartoon animated Cels sold by Connied (the  Connied SPA ) was terminated, (ii) a note of the Company in the principal amount of $85,000 issued to Connied was canceled, (iii) Connied agreed to disclaim any right or title to a purportedly owned 2.5 million shares of the Company s Common Stock. The Company and Connied also agreed to mutually release each other and not to sue or prosecute any disagreements that have arisen between the Company and Connied. 

Repayment of     Notes  

Repayment of Asher Notes 

The Company issued and sold to Asher Enterprises, Inc. ( Asher ) a convertible promissory note of principal amount of   $32,500 on October 16, 2012 and another convertible promissory note of the principal amount of $53,000 in May 2013. On April 25, 2013, Asher converted $15,000 of the note that was issued in October 2012 into an aggregate of 4,285,714 shares of Common Stock. On November 26, 2013, the Company repaid the above mentioned two notes in the total amount of $71,002.66 as principal and accrued  interest. This note was paid in 2013.  Different from current notes 

ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 

Disclosure in response to this item is not required of a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM  1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Disclosure in response to this item is not required of a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 2: DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 

None 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are subject to certain claims and litigation in the ordinary course of business. It is the opinion of management that the outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or   cash flows. 

8 

ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED TO STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND  ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock has been quoted on the Over the Counter Markets (OTC) since October 2007 and currently lists at OTCQB which is the middle tier of the OTC Market. OTCQB companies report to the SEC or a U.S. banking regulator, making it easier for investors to identify companies that are current in their reporting obligations. There are no financial qualities standards to be in this middle tier and OTCQB securities such as ours may also be quoted on the FINRA BB. The OTCQB allows investors to easily identify reporting companies traded in the OTC market regardless of where they are quoted. For additional information regarding the Over the Counter Markets (OTC), please refer to the following  http://www.otcmarkets.com/home . 

Our symbol is  CMGO.  For the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of common stock. These prices represent inter dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual  transactions. 

Holders of Shares of Common Stock 

The Company has authorized 450,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $.001 per share. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had 449,329,190 shares of common stock of the registrant issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2014, there were approximately 197 stockholders of record of our common stock. This stockholder of record total number does not reflect full amount of shares held beneficially or those shares held in  street  name. It is anticipated that the number of stockholders may increase if the total amount of stockholders that own shares held beneficially or those held in  street  name. 

Dividend Policy 

We did not pay cash dividends in the past, nor do we expect to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that earnings, if any, will be retained for the development of our business. 

Preferred Stock 

The Company has 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized with a par value of $.001. As of December 31, 2014, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

9 

Transfer Agent 

The Company s transfer agent and registrar of the common stock is Corporate Stock  Transfer, Inc. 3200 Cherry  Creek Dr. South Suite 430 Denver, CO 80209. (303)  282 4800. 

Notes and Loans 

Warrants 

As of the date of this Report, the Company had warrants to purchase a total of 40,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock. Among such outstanding warrants the terms of which are set forth as the following: 

There were Warrants to purchase a total of 40,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock. Warrants are exercisable within 5 years from issuance at the exercise price of $0.0155. 

Penny Stock Considerations 

Because our shares trade at less than $5.00 per share, they are  penny stocks  as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to mean equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Our shares thus will be subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock. Under the penny stock regulations, a broker dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the sale, unless the broker dealer is otherwise exempt. Generally, an individual with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $100,000 individually or $300,000 together with his or her spouse is considered an accredited investor. In addition, under the penny stock regulations the broker dealer is required to deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt  disclose commissions payable to the broker dealer and our registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities  Send monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held  in  a  customer s account, the account s value and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks  and make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction, prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer s account. Because of these regulations, broker  dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities, if our securities become publicly traded. In addition, the liquidity for our securities may be decreased, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. 

10 

Unregistered Sales Of Equity Securities and Issuance of Equity Securities And Use Of Proceeds 

On September 26, 2014, the Company sold a 10% Convertible Promissory Note in the principle amount of $50,000 to Iconic Holdings LLC with a maturity date of September 29, 2015.  The Note is convertible into the Company s common stock at a conversion price that is equal to 70%of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the date on which note holder elects to convert all or part of the Note. 

On October 1, 2014 the Company sold a Convertible Debenture in the principal amount of $114,000 to Typenex Co-Investment, LLC. The principal amount includes an Original Issue Discount in the amount of $10,000 and investor fees in the amount of $4,000.Total net proceeds to the Company were $100,000. The Debenture bears interest at an annum rate of 10% and is payable in 5 equal installments that can be paid in cash or share of the Company s common stock. The number of shares to be issued for installment payments made in the form of shares of the Company s common stock, shall be calculated at 70% of the average of the three closing prices in the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion, of the Company s common stock. The Note s maturity date is August 1, 2015. 

On October 10, 2014 the Company sold a Convertible Debenture in the principal amount of $115,000 to KBM Investments LLC. The principal amount includes an Original Issue Discount in the amount of $11,000 and investor fees in the amount of $4,000. Total net proceeds to the Company were $100,000. The Debenture bears interest at an annum rate of 8% and can be repaid at any time prior to the date of maturity. The prepayment penalty for such prepayment ranges from 8% to 25% of the principal amount paid. On the 181 st  day from the date of the Note, the Note is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. The rate of such conversion is 75% of the lowest 3 trading prices of the Company s common stock during the ten trading days prior to the conversion date. The Note s maturity date is October 8, 2015. 

On December 18, 2014, the Company entered into the Securities Purchase Agreement pursuant to which it sold an 8% convertible note of the Corporation, in the aggregate principle amount of $40,000, convertible into shares of the Company s common stock to KBM Worldwide Inc.  The Note is convertible into the Company s common stock at a conversion price that is equal to 70%of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock during the 20 consecutive trading days prior to the date on which note holder elects to convert all or part of the Note. 

The above issuances of the Company s securities were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  1933 Act ), and the Company relied on an exemption from registration provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act for such issuance. 

Except as disclosed above, all unregistered sales of the Company s securities have been disclosed on the Company s current reports on Form 8 K and the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10 Q. 

ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), we are not required to provide the information required by this   item. 

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 included with this Form 10 K. The following discussion and analysis provides certain information, which the Company s management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the Company s results of operations and financial condition for the year ended December 31, 2014. The statements contained in this section that are not historical facts are forward looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) that involve risks and uncertainties. Such forward looking statements may be identified by, among other things, the use of forward looking terminology such as  believes,   expects,   may,   will,  should  or  anticipates  or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. From time to time, we or our representatives have made or may make forward looking statements, orally or in writing. Such forward looking statements may be included in our various filings with the SEC, or press releases or oral statements made by or with the approval of our authorized executive officers. 

These forward looking statements, such as statements regarding anticipated future revenues, capital expenditures and other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, involve predictions. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward looking statements or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Many important factors affect our ability to achieve our objectives, including, among other things, technological and other developments within a given field, intense and evolving competition, the lack of an  established trading market  for our shares, and our ability to obtain additional financing, as well as other risks detailed from time to time in our public disclosure filings with the SEC. 

Executive Summary 

References in this Current Report on Form 10 K to  CMG Holdings Group ,  CMG , the  Company,   we,   us  and  our  for periods prior to the closing of the Reorganization refer to the Registrant, and for periods subsequent to the closing of the Reorganization refer to the Registrant and its subsidiaries. The Company reports its financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) of the United States of America ( US GAAP ). The Company s objective is to create shareholder value by building market leading strategies  that  deliver  innovative,  value added  marketing communications and strategic consulting to our clients. The company manages the business by monitoring several financial and non financial performance indicators. The key indicators that we review focus on the areas of revenues and operating expenses. Revenue growth is analyzed by reviewing the components and mix of the growth, including: growth by major geographic location and  growth  from acquisitions. 

11 

Financial analysis  

Year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014  Liquidity and capital resources 

As at December 31, 2015, the Company had a cash balance of $230,138 and working capital deficit of $1,174,641 compared with a cash balance of $27,886 and a working capital deficit of $1,285,378 at December 31, 2014. The decrease in working capital was mainly due to the decrease in business for XA during the second half of 2014. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, cash flows used in operating activities was $137,486 compared with use of $2,043,692 of cash flow during the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in cash flow from operating activities is mainly  due the decrease in revenues and operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activity 

During the year ended December 31, 2015, cash flows provided by investing activities were $64,766, compared to $1,260,990 for the year ended December31, 2014. 

Cash Flows from Financing     Activities  

During the year ended December 31, 2015, cash provided by financing activities was $0 as compared to $334,000 for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Revenues 

The Company had revenues of $1,073,577 in our fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as compared to $7,811,423 in fiscal year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in revenues is mainly due to decrease of business revenues generated in event  marketing operations of XA, The Experiential Agency,  Inc. 

Cost of Sales 

The  Company  had  cost  of sales  of revenues  of $352,531  in  the  year ended  December 31, 2015, as  compared  to $6,493,002 in the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in cost of sales is mainly associated to the decrease in event    marketing operations of XA, The Experiential Agency, Inc. 

Expenses 

The  Company  had  total  operating  expenses  of $752,139  in  the  year ended  December 31, 2015, as  compared to $2,908,815 in the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in operating expense is mainly due to a decrease in General and Administrative Expenses during the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ending December 31, 2014. 

Income 

The Company had a net loss of $977 in the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to net income of $1,268,183 in the year ended December 31, 2014. 

12 

Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2015, we had assets totaling $321,516, compared to $122,978 at December 31, 2014. Assets at December 31, 2015 consisted primarily of cash of $230,138, property and equipment, net of $28,478, goodwill of $54,500  and other current assets of $8,400. 

Liabilities 

Our liabilities at December 31, 2015 totaled $1,413,179, compare to $1,321,664 at December 31, 2014. Liabilities at December 31, 2015 consisted primarily of $145,408 in accrued liabilities, $676,670 in    accounts payable, $2200,000 in deferred compensation and $371,100 in other short term liabilities including convertible notes and derivative liabilities. 

Going Concern 

Our independent registered accounting firm has expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Because we have a working capital deficit and recurring net losses, our independent registered accounting firm has included in  their report for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, an uncertainty with respect to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

For all periods following closing under the Reorganization Agreement, the Company intends to prepare consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, which will be prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. During the preparation of the financial statements the Company will be required to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, the Company will evaluate its estimates and judgments, including those related to sales, returns, pricing concessions, bad debts, inventories, investments, fixed assets, intangible assets, income taxes and other contingencies. The Company intends to base its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under current conditions. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. In response to the SEC s Release No. 33 8040,  Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policy,  the Registrant identified the most critical accounting principles upon which its financial status depends. The Registrant determined that those critical accounting principles are related to the use of estimates, revenue recognition, income tax and impairment of intangibles and other long lived assets. The Company presents these accounting policies in the relevant sections in this management s discussion and analysis, including the Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements discussed below. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenues generated from clients are subject to contracts requiring the Company to provide services within specified time periods generally ranging up to twelve months. As a result, we have projects in process at various stages of completion on any given date and stages may extend from one quarter to the next quarter and from one year to the next year. Revenue for our services is recognized when the following criteria are satisfied: evidence of an arrangement exists  price is agreed upon at a fixed or determinable agreement level  services have been performed and collection is assured. Depending on terms of a client contract, fees for services performed can be recognized in three principal ways: individual project performances as is such in our event marketing division, monthly base retainers in our public relations, consulting or talent management division, and completed contracts were the Company work is based on success fee of the engagement and paid a percentage of the revenue generated by our clients. Depending on the terms of the client contract, revenue is derived from arrangements involving fees for services performed, commissions, performance or a combinations of each or all three. The revenues and commissions are generally earned on the date of the signing of the contract and then an invoice is distributed to the client with approvals. Our revenue is recorded as gross revenues less cost of goods sold or less pass through expenses charged to a client because there may be various pass through expenses, such as external production and marketing    costs. 

If the Company does not accurately manage our projects properly within the planned periods of time to satisfy our obligations under the  contracts, then  future  profit  margins may  be  significantly  and  negatively  affected  or losses on existing   contracts may need to be recognized. Outside production costs consist primarily of costs to purchase media and program merchandise  costs of production  merchandise warehousing and distribution  third party contract  fulfillment  costs  and other costs directly related to marketing programs. Revenue recognition will not result in related billings throughout the duration of a contract due to timing differences between the contracted billing schedule and the time such revenue is recognized. In such instances, when revenue is recognized in an amount in excess of the contracted billing amount, we record such excess on our balance sheet as un billed contracts in progress. Alternatively, on a scheduled billing date, should the billing amount exceed the amount of revenue recognized, we record such excess on our balance sheet as deferred revenue. In addition, on contracts where reimbursable costs are incurred prior to the time revenue is recognized on such contracts, we record such costs as deferred contract costs on our balance sheet. Notwithstanding this, labor costs for permanent employees are expensed as incurred. 

We use estimates of fair value to value derivative instruments. Fair value is defined as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between willing and able market participants. In general, our policy in estimating fair values is to first look at observable market prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets, where available. When these are not available, other inputs are used to model fair value such as prices of similar instruments, yield curves, volatilities, prepayment speeds, default rates and credit spreads (including for our liabilities), relying first on observable data from active markets. Additional adjustments may be made for factors including liquidity, credit, bid/offer spreads, etc., depending on current market conditions. Transaction costs are not included in the determination of fair value. When possible, we seek to validate the model s output to market transactions. 

13 

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY   DATA 

The Company's consolidated financial statements, together with the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon and the notes thereto, are presented beginning at page F 1. The Company s balance sheets as of  December 31, 2014  and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders  deficit and cash flows for the     years then ended have been audited by John Scrudato, CPA. John Scrudato, CPA is an independent registered  public accounting firm. These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to Regulation S K as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and are included herein pursuant to Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10 K. The financial statements have been prepared  assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Previous Independent Accountants 

On April 10, 2014, the Board of Directors of the Company ratified and approved the  appointment  of  Anderson Bradshaw PLLC ( Anderson Bradshaw ) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year  ending December 31, 2013 and its engagement agreement dated February 17, 2014. Anderson Bradshaw is located at 5296 S. Commerce Drive Suite 300, Salt Lake City, UT 84107. 

During the Company's previous fiscal years ended December 31, 2004 through 2013 and  through  April 10, 20143, neither the Company nor anyone on the Company's behalf consulted with Anderson Bradshaw regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion  that might be rendered on the Company's financial statements or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation  S K. 

On April 15, 2015 the board of directors of the Company approved the termination of Anderson Bradshaw ( Anderson ) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

New Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On April 15, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company ratified and approved the appointment of Terry L. Johnson, CPA, CPA as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year  ending December 31, 2014 and its engagement agreement dated March 6, 2015. Terry L. Johnson, CPA is located at 406 Greyford Lane Casselberry, FL 32707. 

During the Company's previous fiscal years ended December 31, 2004 through 2014 and  through  April 9, 2015, neither the Company nor anyone on the Company's behalf consulted with Terry L Johnson, CPA regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion  that might be rendered on the Company's financial statements or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation  S K. 

On April 9, 2015, Terry L. Johnson, CPA notified the Company that he would be unable to complete the audit for the year ended December 31, 2014.  Terry L Johnson, CPA resigned at this time. 

On April 27, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company ratified and approved the appointment of John Scrudato, CPA as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year  ending December 31, 2014 and its engagement agreement dated April 21, 2015 John Scrudato, CPA is located at 7 Valley View Drive Califon, NJ 07830. 

During the Company's previous fiscal years ended December 31, 2004 through 2014 and  through  May 15, 2015, neither the Company nor anyone on the Company's behalf consulted with John Scrudato, CPA regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion  that might be rendered on the Company's financial statements or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation  S K. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND  PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2014. Based upon such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2014, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which is identified below, which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. This conclusion by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer does not relate to reporting periods after December 31, 2015. 

14 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial  Reporting 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 based on the framework stated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 1992). Furthermore, due to our financial situation, the Company will be implementing further internal controls as the Company becomes operative so as to fully comply with the standards set by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial  reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on its evaluation as of December 31, 2014, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2014 due to the identification of a material weakness. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. At any time, if it appears that any control can be implemented to continue to mitigate such weaknesses, it is immediately implemented. As soon as our finances allow, we will hire sufficient accounting staff and implement appropriate procedures for monitoring and review of work performed by our Chief Financial Officer. 

In performing this assessment, management has identified the following material weaknesses as of December 31,   2014: 

There is a lack of segregation of duties necessary for a good system of internal control due to insufficient accounting staff due to the size of the Company 

Lack of a formal review process that includes multiple levels of reviews 

Employees and management lack the qualifications and training to fulfill their assigned accounting and reporting functions 

Inadequate design of controls over significant accounts and processes 

Inadequate documentation of the components of internal control in general 

Failure in the operating effectiveness over controls related to valuing and recording equity based payments to employees and non employees 

Failure in the operating effectiveness over controls related to valuing and recording debt instruments including those with conversion options and the related embedded derivative liabilities 

Failure in the operating effectiveness over controls related to evaluating and recording related party transactions 

The Company is not required by current SEC rules to include, and does not include, an auditor's attestation report. The Company's registered public accounting firm has not attested to Management's reports on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial  Reporting 

No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the year ended  December 31, 2014, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

15 

PART III 

ITEM  10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE  GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the name and position of each of our current executive officers and directors. All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their respective successors are elected, except in the case of death, resignation or removal: 

Glenn Laken . Over the past 30 years, Mr. Laken has held multiple senior executive positions and created successful growth strategies in the financial services sector. His expansive professional experience includes working as an advisor to the 22 billion dollar Ameritech Pension fund, partnership in a Wall Street specialist firm, ownership of a Chicago clearing house with offices nationwide, and the purchase and restructuring of the Cigarette Racing Team Company. He has also enjoyed success in the area of mergers and acquisitions as an accomplished business leader. 

A Company shareholder since 2010, Mr. Laken organized a shareholder group that forced changes in Company management in 2012, after careful analysis revealed that the Company was failing to reach its potential due to mismanagement by the original management team. Since orchestrating this change, Mr. Laken has worked as Company consultant, introducing Jeffrey Devlin and David Kovacs to the Board, and bringing Ron Burkhardt on as a board member and executive chairman of XA, The Experiential Agency, Inc. ( XA ). He also introduced a new subsidiary partially owned by his wife, Good Gaming Inc., to the Companies portfolio and arranged the sale of Audio Eye, Inc. stock to fund the elimination of the Company s toxic debt. 

David   J. Kovacs . A veteran of the investment banking and private equity sectors for over 10 years, Mr. Kovacs is currently the head of Investment Banking and Private Equity for Fitch Learning. Mr. Kovacs is also the Managing Director of Private Equity for Strategic Acquisitions, a $2 billion real estate investment firm. Prior to his current roles, Mr. Kovacs focused on private equity as a Managing Director at The Hinduju Group, one of the largest diversified groups in the world with over $50 billion under management. Mr. Kovacs also worked in various capacities at Citigroup and Blackstone Group in their investment banking and private equity divisions. 

With the addition of Mr. Kovacs to the Board, CMG has acquired one of the most respected and brilliant minds in the world of investment and private equity. As a student at Columbia University and City University (NY), Mr. Kovacs completed his undergraduate degree at age 18, finishing the required coursework in two years and earning a triple major in Finance, Economics and Biochemistry. 

With his experience in mature and emerging markets as a training specialist in venture capital, investment banking, and private equity, Mr. Kovacs is also a highly coveted speaker. Mr. Kovacs has lectured at over 100 universities, including the majority of Ivy League schools. He was a lead instructor for the Securities   Exchange Commission and has given talks to industry leaders such as Barclays, JP Morgan, RBC, Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Bank and the Abu Dhabi Investment    Authority. 

The wealth of experience and breadth of knowledge that Mr. Kovacs brings to the Board  will  be  invaluable as  the Board seeks to enhance current strategies as well as devise new ones to help the company move forward with its current and future initiatives. 

16 

Board Committees 

We do not have a standing nominating, compensation or audit committee. Rather, our full board  of directors  performs the functions of these committees. Also, we do not have an  audit committee financial expert  on our board of directors as that term is defined by Item 401(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S K. We do not believe it is necessary for our board of directors to appoint such committees because the volume of matters that come before our board of directors for consideration permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters to be involved in all decision making. Additionally, because our Common Stock is not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities exchange, we are not required to have such   committees. 

Director Independence 

Our securities are not listed on a national securities exchange or in an inter dealer quotation system which has requirements that directors be independent. We believe that two of our three directors, Jeffrey Devlin and Ronald Burkhardt, would not be considered to be independent, as that term is defined in the listing standards of NASDAQ. 

Meetings of the Board of Directors 

During its fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, the Board of Directors met three times through teleconferencing. In addition, the Board of Directors had otherwise transacted business by unanimous written consents during the year 2013. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Our Board recognizes that the leadership structure and combination or separation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman roles is driven by the needs of the Company at any point in time. Currently, Mr. Glenn Laken serves as Chairman of our Board as well as the CEO of the Company. We have no policy requiring the combination or separation of leadership roles and our governing documents do not mandate a particular structure. This has allowed, and will continue to allow, our Board the flexibility to establish the most appropriate structure for our company at any given   time. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board of Directors adopted a code of ethics, which was filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the annual report on Form 10K SB filed on February 20, 2008, and which is incorporated by reference herein. The Code of Ethics applies to all of our directors, officers  and  employees, including  our principal  executive  officer, principal  financial  officer and  principal  accounting officer. 

The code of ethics address, among other things, honesty and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws, confidentiality, trading on inside information, and reporting of violations of the  code. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting  Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of the Company s Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of Section 16(a) forms they   file. 

17 

ITEM  11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth information concerning cash and non cash compensation  paid  by  the Company  to  its CEO and CFO and the CEO of XA during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2014 and   2012.  

(1)     Mr. Laken was appointed as our CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors on April 30, 2014 .  

Employment Agreements 

The Company has not entered into any employment contract with Glenn Laken, the CEO and Chairman of Board of Directors or David Kovacs, acting CFO and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Laken was granted options to purchase forty million (40,000,000) shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0155 with a term of five years. The Company anticipates entering into an employment agreement with Mr. Laken by April 30, 2014. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

There were no un exercised options, stock that has not vested or equity incentive plan awards for any named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2015. 

18 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan 

There were no un exercised options, stock that has not vested or equity incentive plan awards for any named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2014. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Currently, there is no equity compensation plan in   place. 

Director Compensation 

Members of our Board of Directors do not normally receive cash compensation for their services as Directors, although some Directors are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in attending Board or committee meetings. No directors received any compensation for their services during the fiscal year ended December 31,  2013. 

On February 6, 2014, Ian Thompson, Declan Keegan and Barry Kernan resigned as directors  from  our  board  of directors. As compensation for their services, the Company issued to each resigning director 2,000,000 shares of its Common Stock pursuant to the Resignation and Compensation Agreement, dated February 5, 2014. The Company also entered into an Indemnification Agreement with each of Ian Thompson, Declan Keegan and Barry Kernan upon their resignation. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND   MANAGEMENT 

The following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of April 15, 2014, and by the officers and directors, individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed  possesses sole  voting  and  investment  power with respect to the shares shown. 

Na  m  e     a  n  d     A  dd  re  s  s     o  f     Be  n  e  f  i  c  i  a  l     O  w  n  er (1)   
    Title of Class   
     
   Amount   

Percent     of     Class (2)   

Directors and named Executive Officers  

Glenn Laken   
   Common Stock  

40,000,000  
  (4)  

12.10  
  %  

David J. Kovacs  
   Common Stock  

0  

0  
  %  

All Directors and executive officers as a group  
   Common Stock  

0  

0  
  %  

5% Security Holders  

None.  

(1)   

Except as otherwise indicated, the persons named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable and to the information contained in the footnotes to this table. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of the beneficial owner is c/o CMG Holdings Group, Inc. at 2130 Lincoln Park West 8N, Chicago, IL 60614. 

(2)   

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.  Beneficial ownership also includes shares of stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this table.  In determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity as of the date of this Report, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of common stock outstanding on as of the date of this Annual Report (290,716,364), and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of the derivative securities. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares.  

19 

ITEM  13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The Company was not a party to any transaction (where the amount involved exceeded the lesser of $120,000 or 1% of the average of our assets for the last two fiscal years) in which a director, executive officer, holder of more than five percent of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any such person have or will have a direct or indirect material interest and no such transactions are currently   proposed. 

The Company s Board conducts an appropriate review of and oversees all related party transactions on a continuing basis and reviews potential conflict of interest situations where appropriate. The Board has not adopted formal standards to apply when it reviews, approves or ratifies any related party transaction. However, the Board believes that the related party transactions are fair and reasonable to the Company and on terms comparable to those reasonably expected to be agreed to with independent third parties for the same goods and/or services at the time they are authorized by the Board. 

ITEM  14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth fees billed to us by our auditors during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 for: (i) services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements, (ii) services by our auditor that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and that are not reported as Audit Fees, (iii) services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning, and (iv) all other fees for services rendered. 

The Company s board of directors, acting as our audit committee pre-approved each engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)   

Financial Statements 

The following are filed as part of this report:  Financial     Statements  

The financial statements of CMG Holdings Group, Inc. and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are presented in the  F  pages of this Report. 

20 

(b)   

Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed or  furnished  herewith: 

*   

Filed herewith 

** Users of this data are advised pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S X that this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for the purpose of section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these  sections 

21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly  authorized.  

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

(Registrant) 

November 1, 2016 

By: /s/ Glenn Laken 

Glenn Laken, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

(Registrant) 

November 1, 2016 

By: /s/ Glenn Laken 

Glenn Laken, Chairman 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC.  

(Registrant) 

November 1, 2016 

By: /s/ David J. Kovacs 

David J. Kovacs, Director 

22 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting   Firm 

F 2 

Consolidated  Balance Sheets 

F 4 

Consolidated  Statements of Operations 

F 5 

Consolidated  Statements of Stockholders  Deficit 

F 6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F 7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial  Statements   
     
  F-8           

F-1 

Scrudato   Co., PA  

CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

CMG Holdings Group, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of CMG Holdings Group, Inc. as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders  deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.  

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of CMG Holdings Group, Inc. at December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that CMG Holdings Group, Inc. will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 12, the Company had an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2015 and 2014, a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the fiscal year then ended. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 12. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ Scrudato   Co., PA  

Scrudato   Co., PA 

Califon, New Jersey 

October 31, 2016 

F-2 

F-3 

F-4 

F-5 

F-6 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

NOTE 1: DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Business Activity 

Creative Management Group, Inc. was formed in Delaware on August 13, 2002 as a limited liability company named Creative Management Group, LLC. On August 7, 2007, this entity converted to a corporation and changed its legal name to Creative Management Group Inc.  The Company is a sports, entertainment, marketing and management company providing event management implementation, sponsorships, licensing and broadcast, production and syndication. 

On February 20, 2008, Creative Management Group, Inc. formed CMG Acquisitions, Inc., a Delaware company, for the purpose of acquiring companies and expansion strategies. On February 20, 2008, Creative Management Group, Inc. acquired 92.6% of Pebble Beach Enterprises, Inc. (a publicly traded company) and changed the name to CMG Holdings Group, Inc. ( the Company ). The purpose of the acquisition was to effect a reverse merger with Pebble Beach Enterprises, Inc. at a later date. On May 27, 2008, Pebble Beach entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with its controlling shareholder, Creative Management Group, Inc., a privately held Delaware corporation. Upon closing the eighty shareholders of Creative Management Group delivered all of their equity interests in Creative Management Group to Pebble Beach in exchange for shares of common stock in Pebble Beach owned by Creative Management Group, as a result of which Creative Management Group became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pebble Beach. The shareholders of Creative Management Group received one share of Pebble Beach s common stock previously owned by Creative Management Group for each issued and outstanding common share owned of Creative Management Group. As a result, the 22,135,148 shares of Pebble Beach that were issued and previously owned by Creative Management Group, are now owned directly by its shareholders. The 22,135,148 shares of Creative Management Group previously owned by its shareholders are now owned by Pebble Beach, thereby making Creative Management Group a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pebble Beach. Pebble Beach did not issue any new shares as part of the Reorganization. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization whereby Creative Management Group is the accounting acquirer. Pebble Beach was renamed CMG Holdings Group, Inc. 

On April 1, 2009, the Company, through a newly formed wholly owned subsidiary CMGO Capital, Inc., a Nevada corporation, completed the acquisition of XA, The Experiential Agency, Inc. On March 31, 2010, the Company and AudioEye, Inc. ( AudioEye ) completed the final Stock Purchase Agreement under which the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of AudioEye. On June 22, 2011 the Company entered into a Master Agreement subject to shareholder approval as may be required under applicable law and subject to closing conditions with AudioEye Acquisition Corp., a Nevada corporation where the shareholders of AudioEye Acquisition Corp. exchanged 100% of the stock in AudioEye Acquisition Corp for 80% of the capital stock of AudioEye. The Company retained 15% of AudioEye subject to transfer restrictions in accordance with the Master Agreement; on October 2012, the Company distributed to its shareholders, in the form of a dividend, 5% of the capital stock of AudioEye in accordance with provisions of the Master Agreement. 

On March 28, 2014, CMG Holdings Group, Inc. (the  Company  or  CMG ), completed its acquisition of 100% of the shares of Good Gaming, Inc. ( GGI ) by entering into a Share Exchange Agreement (the  SEA ) with BMB Financial, Inc. and Jackie Beckford, the then shareholders of GGI. The sole owner of BMB Financial, Inc. is also the sole owner of Infinite Alpha, Inc. which provides consulting services to CMG. Pursuant to the SEA, the Company received 100% of the shares of GGI in exchange for 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, $33,000 in equipment and consultant compensation and a commitment to pay $200,000 in development costs. As of September 30, 2014, the Company has paid $58,600 of equipment and consultant compensation and $190,550 in development costs, of which $50,000 of the development costs had been advanced by the Company, prior to entering the agreement. In addition, pursuant to the SEA, CMG shall adopt an incentive plan for GGI which shall entitle the GGI officers, directors and employees to receive up to 30% of the net profits of GGI and up to 30% of the proceeds, in the event of a sale of GGI or its assets. 

F-7 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of CMG Holdings Group, Inc., XA, The Experiential Agency, Inc. ("XA") and GGI after elimination of all significant inter-company accounts and transactions. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the period reported. Estimates are used when accounting for allowance for doubtful accounts, depreciation, and contingencies. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Concentrations of Risk 

Financial Institutions  - The Company maintains its cash balances at two financial institutions where they are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250,000 each. At September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2013, neither of these accounts was in excess of the limit. The Company also maintains a money market investment account at one securities firm where the account is insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation up to $500,000 for the bankruptcy, etc., of the securities firm. At December 31and 2013, the account did not have a balance in excess of the limit. 

Sales and Accounts Receivable -  For year ended December 31, 2015, one customer accounts for 0%, 93% and 72% of the Company s total revenues, respectively. 

Revenue and Cost Recognition 

The Company earns revenues by providing event management services under individually negotiated contracts with varying terms, recognizing revenue in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition , only when the price is fixed or determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the services have been provided and collectability is assured.   In arrangements where key indicators suggest the Company acts as principal, the Company records the gross amount billed to the client as revenue and the related costs incurred as cost of revenues as the services are provided. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts receivable are amounts due from event management services, are unsecured and are carried at their estimated collectible amounts. Credit is generally extended on a short-term basis and do not bear interest, although a finance charge may be applied to amounts outstanding more than thirty days. Accounts receivable are periodically evaluated for collectability based on past credit history with clients. Provisions for losses on accounts receivable are determined on the basis of loss experience, known and inherent risk in the account balance and current economic conditions.  There were no allowances for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Share-Based Compensation 

The Company accounts for share-based compensation to employees in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 718-10,  Stock Compensation  ( ASC 718-10 ) and share-based compensation to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50  Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or Services . ASC 718-10 and 505-50 require the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards, including stock options based on the estimated fair values. 

F-8 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

Derivative Instruments 

We generally do not use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow risks or market-risks. However, certain financial instruments, such as warrants and the embedded conversion features of our convertible promissory notes and debentures, which are indexed to our common stock, are classified as liabilities when either (a) the holder possesses rights to net-cash settlement or (b) physical or net-share settlement is not within our control. In such instances, net-cash settlement is assumed for financial accounting and reporting purposes, even when the terms of the underlying contracts do not provide for net-cash settlement. Derivative financial instruments are initially recorded, and continuously carried, at fair value. 

Determining the fair value of these complex derivative financial instruments involves judgment and the use of certain relevant assumptions including, but not limited to, interest rates, volatility and conversion and redemption privileges. The use of different assumptions could have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 

The Company accounts for derivative instruments in accordance with ASC Topic 815,  Derivatives and Hedging , and all derivative instruments are reflected as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the balance sheet. 

The Company uses estimates of fair value to value its derivative instruments. Fair value is defined as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between willing and able market participants. In general, the Company s policy in estimating fair values is to first look at observable market prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets, where available. When these are not available, other inputs are used to model fair value such as prices of similar instruments, yield curves, volatilities, prepayment speeds, default rates and credit spreads (including for the Company s liabilities), relying first on observable data from active markets. Additional adjustments may be made for factors including liquidity, credit, bid/offer spreads, etc., depending on current market conditions. Transaction costs are not included in the determination of fair value. When possible, The Company seeks to validate the model s output to market transactions. Depending on the availability of observable inputs and prices, different valuation models could produce materially different fair value estimates. The values presented may not represent future fair values and may not be realizable. The Company categorizes its fair value estimates in accordance with ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements  (ASC 820), based on the hierarchical framework associated with the three levels of price transparency utilized in measuring financial instruments. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all short-term debt securities purchased with maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, which is generally between three and five years. Depreciation expense was $0 and $0 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets are stated at cost, net of accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the respective asset, which is three years. Amortization expense was $0 and $0 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

F-9 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability approach. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Share 

The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share,  which requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net loss available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

Fair Value Measurements 

ASC 820 and ASC 825,  Financial Instruments  (ASC 825) ,  requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. It establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. It prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1   Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments such as exchange-traded derivatives, marketable securities and listed equities. 

Level 2   Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including quoted forward prices for commodities, time value, volatility factors, and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument, can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. Instruments in this category generally include non-exchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps, interest rate swaps, options and collars. 

F-10 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

Level 3   Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management s best estimate of fair value. 

The Company s financial instruments consist principally of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Pursuant to ASC 820 and 825, the fair value of cash is determined based on  Level 1  inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The recorded values of all other financial instruments approximate their current fair values because of their nature and respective maturity dates or durations. 

The following table sets forth by level with the fair value hierarchy the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on December 31, 2015 and 2014: 

Investments in Debt and Equity Securities 

The Company applies the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification 320,  Investments   Debt and Equity Securities , regarding marketable securities. The Company invests in securities that are intended to be bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term, and as a result, classifies such investments as trading securities. Trading securities are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet with changes in fair value being reflected as unrealized gains or losses in the current period. In addition, the Company classifies the cash flows from purchases, sales, and maturities of trading securities as cash flows from operating activities. 

Details of the Company's marketable trading securities as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

F-11 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

NOTE 2 - EQUITY 

Common Stock 

On January 29, 2014, the Company sold 1,500,000 shares of its common stock for $0.01 per share and net proceeds of $15,000.  

On March 28, 2014, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of its common stock pursuant to the acquisition of its subsidiary.  The shares were valued at a total of $87,500 or $0.0175 per share, the closing price of the company s common stock on the OTCQB. 

On April 7, 2014, the Company issued 522,000 shares of its common stock pursuant to a consulting agreement. The shares were valued at a total of $8,613 or $0.0165 per share, the closing price of the company s common stock on the OTCQB. 

On May 9, 2014, the Company issued to a total of 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock to its three former directors of the Company, with each former director receiving 2,000,000 shares, pursuant to the agreements between the Company and each of the former directors dated February 5, 2014. 

On June 30, 2014, the Company canceled 7,350,000 shares of common stock pursuant to a settlement agreement with CMGO Investors LLC and Craig Boden. 

In the quarter ended June 30, 2015, the Company issued 160,000,000 shares of common stock for the conversion of debt. 

Common Stock Warrants 

On April 7, 2014, we issued to our newly appointed CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors, as compensation, a warrant to purchase a total of 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock at the exercise price of $0.0155 with a term of 5 years. 

F-12 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

A summary of warrant activity for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 is as follows:  

As of December 31, 2015, the warrants have a weighted average remaining life of 4.43 years with $0 aggregate intrinsic value. 

NOTE 3 - NOTES PAYABLE 

Convertible Promissory Note 

On September 30, 2014, the Company sold a convertible promissory Note (the  Note ) in private placements to Iconic Holdings LLC. The principal amount of the Note is $55,000. The Note is convertible, at the holder's option, into shares of our common stock, generally at 70% of the lowest trading price of our common stock, for the prior 20 trading days. The Note bears interest at 10% annum, can be repaid at any time prior to maturity with a prepayment penalty of 10% of the principal amount paid, is due on September 30, 2015 and contains customary events of default and provide for increased interest rates in the event of default.    We did not pay a placement agent or other fees and the Note was issued with an original issue discount of $5,000. Net proceeds to the Company was $50,000. The Note does not require us to register the shares of our common stock underlying their conversion. 

The terms of the embedded conversion options in the Note does not meet all of the established criteria for equity classification in FASB ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity's Own Equity.    Accordingly, the embedded derivative instrument in the Note (the conversion option), is accounted for separately from the host contract, and is recorded at fair value of $81,627. The Company recorded a derivative expense of $31,627 on the date of the Note. Accordingly, the initial carrying amount of the Note on the date of the Note was $0. The embedded derivative instrument that has been separated from the Note, shall be re-valued each reporting period, with any changes in their fair values recognized as a gain or loss in our income statement. 

In the quarter ended June 30, 2015 the note was converted to 160,000,000 shares of common stock.  

F-13 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

NOTE 4 - DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES 

The Company has a convertible instrument outstanding more fully described in Note 3.   In accordance with ASC 815-15  Derivatives and Hedging , the convertible share-settleable instruments are classified as liabilities. 

Embedded Derivative Liabilities in Convertible Notes 

During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recognized new derivative liabilities of $0 and $81,627, respectively, as a result of new convertible debt issuances.  The fair value of these derivative liabilities exceeded the principal balance of the related notes payable by $0 and $31,627 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  As a result of conversions of notes payable, the Company reclassified $108,000 and $0 from equity and $0 and $0 of derivative liabilities to equity during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The Company recognized a gain of $0 and a gain of $0 on derivatives due to change in fair value of the liability during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The fair value of the Company s embedded derivative liabilities was $0 and $81,627 at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Warrants 

During 2011, 774,000 A Warrants and 774,000 B warrants were issued to individuals. The Company determined that the instruments embedded in the warrants should be classified as liabilities.  During March 31, 2010, 250,000 shares of warrants issued to AudioEye at an exercise price of $0.07 per share and a term of 5 years. 

Under ASC 815-15, the liabilities were subsequently measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period with the change in fair value recorded to earnings. The fair value of all outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 was $11,121 and $84,822, respectively.  The Company recognized an expense of $381 and a gain $10,196 related to the warrants for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

The following table summarizes the derivative liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheet: 

F-14 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

The embedded conversion options in the Notes, which is accounted for separately as a derivative instrument is valued using a binomial lattice model because that model embodies all of the significant relevant assumptions that address the features underlying these instruments. Significant assumptions used in the model as of the date the Note was issued and as of September 30, 2014 included an expected life equal to the remaining term of the Note, an expected dividend yield of zero, estimated volatility ranging of 116%, and a risk-free rate of return of 0.13%. For the risk-free rates of return, we use the published yields on zero-coupon Treasury Securities with maturities consistent with the remaining term of the Note. Volatility is based upon our expected common stock price volatility over the remaining term of the Note. The volatility used for the Note is based on the Company s 100-day volatility, which is considered a reasonable surrogate for the volatility to be expected over the life of the Note. That volatility has generally ranged from 116% to 146%. 

NOTE 5 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are subject to certain claims and litigation in the ordinary course of business. It is the opinion of management that the outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

On September 23, 2014, XA filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York against HG and its principals alleging wrongdoing by the defendants in connection with soliciting XA s clients and seeking against further contact with XA clients. The Company conducted an internal investigation of actions taken by XA s former employees during the quarter ended September 30, 2014. While the investigation is not complete, we have discovered that there are numerous instances of conversion of XA assets and funds, such as personal charges on company credit cards, payments for cell phones for family members, reimbursement for personal travel and other expenses which did not relate to XA in any way, and transactions between XA and parties owned by these former employees who did not disclose their interests in them. The Company and XA plan to complete the investigation, including recovering e-mails deleted by the former employees, and to vigorously pursue any and all amounts wrongfully taken from XA. 

In October, 2014, Ronald Burkhardt, XA,s former Executive Chairman and a current member of the Company s Board of Directors filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, alleging breach of his employment contract and seeking approximately $695,000 in damages. The Company believes that Mr. Burkhardt s claim is without merit and plans to vigorously defend the lawsuit. 

NOTE 6 - ACQUISITION OF GOOD GAMING, INC. 

On March 28, 2014, CMG Holdings, Inc. (the  Company  or  CMG ), completed its acquisition of 100% of the shares of Good Gaming, Inc. ( GGI ) by entering into a Share Exchange Agreement (the  SEA ) with BMB Financial, Inc. and Jackie Beckford, the then shareholders of GGI. The sole owner of BMB Financial, Inc. is also the sole owner of Infinite Alpha, Inc. which provides consulting services to CMG. The transaction was completed under the purchase method of accounting.  Pursuant to the SEA, the Company received 100% of the shares of GGI in exchange for 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, $33,000 in equipment and consultant compensation and a commitment to pay $200,000 in development costs, of which $50,000 of the development costs had been advanced by the Company.  In addition, pursuant to the SEA, CMG shall adopt an incentive plan for GGI which shall entitle the GGI officers, directors and employees to receive up to 30% of the net profits of GGI and up to 30% of the proceeds, in the event of a sale of GGI or its assets.  In accordance with the purchase method of accounting, the Company recorded a charge of $87,500. 

F-15 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

NOTE 7 - SEGMENTS  

The Company splits its business activities during the year ended December 31, 2015 into three reportable segments. Each segment represents an entity of which are included in the consolidation. The table below represents the operations results for each segment or entity, for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. 

NOTE 8   RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD. 

On May 9, 2014, the Company issued to a total of 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock to its three former directors of the Company, with each former director receiving 2,000,000 shares, pursuant to the agreements between the Company and each of the former directors dated February 5, 2014. 

On September 17, 2014, Jeffrey Devlin resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company. 

F-16 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2015 

NOTE 9  - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The Company issued to three former directors 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company issued the Company CEO a warrant to purchase 40,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at $0.0155. The warrant has a term of 5 years. The board of directors approved a monthly salary for the Company CEO of $15,000 per month. Due to negative economic factors the company has not made all of these payments and has recorded  Accrued Compensation  of $220,000 at December 31, 2015. Due to these same economic effects the Company is currently using office space provided by the Company CEO s daughter on a rent free basis and she is also employed as an outside consultant on a part time basis. 

During the year ended December 31, 2015 the Company borrowed $96,100 from a Company shareholder.  This amount is due on demand and has an interest rate of 5%.  The Company also borrowed $125,000 from a relative of the Company CEO.  This amount is due on demand and has an interest rate of 5%. 

NOTE 10 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

In November 2015 the Company entered into an agreement to sell Good Gaming.  The sale closed in February of 2016. 

NOTE 11  - GOING CONCERN 

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  a  going  concern  basis,  which  implies  the  Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of   business. 

The Company has a working capital deficit and has generated recurring net losses. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders and the ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity or debt financing to continue and expand   operations. 

These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the ability of the Company to continue as a going   concern. 

Besides ongoing revenues from continuing operations, the Company may need to raise additional funds to expand operations to the point at which the Company can achieve profitability. 

F-17 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2015-cmgo_ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

f10k2015-cmgo_ex21.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

As of December 31, 2015, CMG Holdings Group, Inc. (the  Company ) had the following subsidiary: 

Name 

Jurisdiction 

Equity Owners and Percentage  

of Equity Securities Held 

The Experiential Agency, Inc. 

Illinois 

100% owned by the Company 

Good Gaming, Inc. 

Illinois 

100% owned by the Company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2015-cmgo_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION

f10k2015-cmgo_ex311.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Glenn Laken, Chief Executive Officer of CMG Holdings Group, Inc. (the  registrant ), certify that: 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report  

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report  

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared  

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles  

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation  and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting  and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information  and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2016 

/s/ Glenn Laken  

Glenn Laken 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2015-cmgo_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION

f10k2015-cmgo_ex312.htm 

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Glenn Laken, Chief DFinancial Officer of CMG Holdings Group, Inc. (the  registrant ), certify that:  

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report  

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report  

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared  

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles  

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation  and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting  and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information  and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2016 

/s/ Glenn Laken  

Glenn Laken 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2015-cmgo_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION

f10k2015-cmgo_ex321.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of CMG Holdings Group, Inc. (the  Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1)     The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  and 

(2)     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 1, 2016 

/s/ Glenn Laken 

Glenn Laken 

Chief Executive Officer and   Chief Financial Officer 

(principal executive officer and   principal financial officer and accounting officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 cmgo-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cmgo-20151231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cmgo-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cmgo-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cmgo-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cmgo-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

