<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1625042_0001213900-16-018512_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1904118</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75511</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>140502</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>367993</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>762056</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>526769</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018512.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114172816
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018512
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			E-Compass Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001625042
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37516
		FILM NUMBER:		161996098

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6F/ TOWER, 2 WEST PROSPER CENTER
		STREET 2:		NO. 5 GUANGHUA RD., CHAOYANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 (10) 85731453

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6F/ TOWER, 2 WEST PROSPER CENTER
		STREET 2:		NO. 5 GUANGHUA RD., CHAOYANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018512.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_ecompassacquisition.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

    SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(MARK
ONE)   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarter ended September 30, 2016   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from                    to

Commission
file number:  001-37516    

E-COMPASS
    ACQUISITION CORP.    
 
      (Exact
    Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

Cayman
    Islands   
         
       N/A    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of 
    incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer 
    Identification No.)   

(Address
of principal executive offices)  

646
912-8918   

  (Issuer s
telephone number)  

Check
whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and  (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes        No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes        No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and
 smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

(Do
    not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes       No     

As
of November 11, 2016, 5,310,000 ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding.  

E-COMPASS
ACQUISITION CORP.   

FORM
10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

Page   
 
      Part
    I.  
      Financial
    Information  
      1   

Item
    1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
      1   

Condensed
    Balance Sheets  
      1   

Condensed
    Statements of Operations  
      2   

Condensed
    Statements of Cash Flows  
      3   

Notes
    to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  
      4   

Item
    2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      14   

Item
    3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk  
      15   

Item
    4. Controls and Procedures  
      15   
 
      Part
    II.  
      Other
    Information  
      16   

Item
    2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      16   

Item
    6. Exhibits  
      17   
 
      Signatures  
      18   

E-Compass
Acquisition Corp.   

   Condensed
Balance Sheets   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

E-Compass
Acquisition Corp.   

   Condensed
Statements of Operations   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

E-Compass
Acquisition Corp.   

   Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

E-Compass
Acquisition Corp.   

   Notes
to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements   

Note
1   Organization and Plan of Business Operations   

Organization
and General    

E-compass
Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) was incorporated in Cayman Islands on September 23, 2014 as a blank check company
whose objective is to enter into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, or entering into contractual arrangements that
gives the Company control over such a target business (a  Business Combination ).  

The
Company s securities were listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( NASDAQ ) in connection with the Public Offering
(defined below). Pursuant to the NASDAQ listing rules, the Company s initial Business Combination must be with a target
business or businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the trust account (exclusive
of taxes payable on the income earned on the funds held in the trust account and deferred underwriting commissions) at the time
of the execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination, although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of
several target businesses. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to effectuate a Business Combination successfully.  

On July 18, 2016, the Company s
Board of Directors approved a change in the Company s fiscal year from December 31 to March 31, effective immediately. 

Financing    

The
registration statement for the Company s Public Offering (the  Public Offering  as described in Note 3) was
declared effective by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on August 12, 2015. The Company
consummated the Public Offering of 4,000,000 units on August 18, 2015 at $10.00 per unit (the  Public Units ) and
sold to an affiliate of the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 310,000 units at $10.00 per unit (the  Private
Units ) in a private placement (Note 4). The Company received gross proceeds of approximately $43,100,000 from the Public
Offering and private placement.  

In
connection with the Public Offering, the Company introduced the underwriter in the Public Offering to investors ( Lead Investors )
that purchased $20,000,000 of the units offered in the Public Offering. The Lead Investors have waived their right to receive
$0.40 per share purchased by them in the Public Offering in the event they seek to redeem such shares into cash held in the trust
account described below in connection with an initial Business Combination or upon liquidation if the Company is unable to consummate
an initial Business Combination within the required time period so that other holders of shares sold in the Public Offering ( Public
Shareholders ) will receive at least $10.40 per share purchased by them in the Public Offering ( Public Shares )
upon redemption or liquidation.  

Trust
Account    

Upon
the closing of the Public Offering and the private placement, $40,800,000 was placed in a trust account (the  Trust Account )
with Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company acting as trustee. The funds held in the Trust Account can be invested in
United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes, having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the
Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) the Company s failure to consummate a Business Combination by February
18, 2017. Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although
the Company will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities it engages, execute
agreements with the Company waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account, there is no guarantee
that such persons will execute such agreements. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay
for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses.
Additionally, the interest earned on the Trust Account balance may be released to the Company to fund working capital requirements
as well as to pay the Company s tax obligations.  

Business
Combination    

The
Company s efforts to identify a prospective target business have not been limited to a particular industry or geographic
location. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect an initial Business Combination.  

The
Company, after signing a definitive agreement for an initial Business Combination, is required to provide Public Shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account. The Company will only consummate
such Business Combination if it has at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets upon close of such Business Combination. However,
the Lead Investor has agreed to hold at least 1,000,000 Public Shares through the consummation of an initial Business Combination,
vote such shares in favor of such proposed initial Business Combination and not seek redemption with respect to such shares in
connection therewith. As a result, the Company expects to meet the $5,000,001 net tangible asset requirement in order to complete
an initial Business Combination. In addition, the holders of the 1,000,000 ordinary shares purchased prior to the Company s
Public Offering ( Initial Shareholders ) will vote any shares they then hold in favor of any proposed initial Business
Combination and will waive any redemption rights with respect to these shares and the shares underlying the Private Units pursuant
to letter agreements executed prior to the Public Offering.  

In
connection with any proposed Business Combination, the Company will seek shareholder approval of an initial Business Combination
at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for
or against the proposed Business Combination. Any Public Shareholder voting either for or against such proposed Business Combination
will be entitled to demand that his Public Shares be redeemed into a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account
(initially approximately $10.40 per share or $10.00 per share for the Lead Investors), including any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company or necessary to pay its taxes. Rights sold as
part of the Units ( Rights ) will not be entitled to vote on the proposed Business Combination and will have no redemption
or liquidation rights.  

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company in effect upon consummation of the
Public Offering provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate or other person with whom such Public Shareholder
is acting in concert or as a  group  (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended),
will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to an aggregate of more than 20% of the ordinary shares sold in
the Public Offering (but only with respect to the amount over 20% of the ordinary shares sold in the Public Offering). A  group 
will be deemed to exist if Public Shareholders (i) file a Schedule 13D or 13G indicated the presence of a group or (ii) acknowledge
to the Company that they are acting, or intend to act, as a group.  

On
July 25, 2016, the Company entered into a merger agreement (the  Merger Agreement ) with, iFresh Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of E-compass, or  iFresh,  iFresh Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
and wholly owned subsidiary of iFresh, or  Merger Sub,  NYM Holding, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or  NYM, 
the stockholders of NYM, and Long Deng, as representative of the stockholders of NYM. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
if the transaction closes, the Company will be merged with and into iFresh in order to redomesticate the Company into Delaware.
After the redomestication, Merger Sub would be merged with and into NYM, resulting in NYM being a wholly owned subsidiary of iFresh.
The transaction would constitute a Business Combination.  

NYM is a fast growing
Asian/Chinese grocery supermarket chain in the north-eastern U.S. providing food and other merchandise hard to find in mainstream
grocery stores. Since its start in 1995, NYM has been targeting the Chinese and Asian population in the U.S. with its in-depth
cultural understanding of its target customer s unique consumption habits. NYM currently has two wholesale facilities and
eight retail supermarkets across New York, Massachusetts and Florida, with an annual revenue of $131.2 million for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2016. The Company would pay NYM s current stockholders an aggregate of $125 million in connection with
the transaction: (i) $5 million in cash, plus, (ii) 12,000,000 shares of common stock of iFresh to be issued to the selling shareholders
multiplied by $10.00 (the deemed value of the shares in the Merger Agreement). The transaction is conditioned on the surviving
company receiving a loan of at least $15 million in connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement. If the transaction closes, iFresh would also receive an option to acquire an additional four supermarkets prior to
March 31, 2017 for consideration of $10 million in cash. The transaction is expected to close before the end of 2016. 

Liquidation    

Pursuant
to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association in effect upon consummation of the Public Offering,
if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination by February 18, 2017, it will trigger the Company s
automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation. As a result, this has the same effect as if the Company had formally gone through
a voluntary liquidation procedure under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. Accordingly, no vote would be required from the
Company s shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up, dissolution and liquidation. If the Company is unable to
consummate an initial Business Combination and is liquidated, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then
in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
the Company or necessary to pay any of its taxes. Holders of Rights will receive no proceeds in connection with the liquidation
with respect to such rights. The Initial Shareholder and the holders of Private Units will not participate in any redemption distribution
with respect to their initial shares and Private Units, including the ordinary shares included in the Private Units.  

If the Company is unable to conclude its initial
Business Combination and expends all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering not deposited in the Trust Account, without taking
into account any interest earned on the Trust Account, the Company expects that the initial per-share redemption price for ordinary
shares will be $10.40 for Public Shareholders and $10.00 for the Lead Investor. The actual per share redemption amount could be
greater than or less than those amounts, however. For example, the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could be reduced if
(i) the funds become subject to claims of the Company s creditors that are in preference to the claims of the Company s
shareholders or (ii) the Company is forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against it that
is not dismissed. The per share redemption amount could be greater than such amounts if interest is earned on the amounts in the
Trust Account are not released to the Company for working capital purposes. 

The
Company will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from the remaining assets outside of the Trust Account. If such funds
are insufficient, Richard Xu, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, and Chen Liu, the Company s President, have agreed
to pay the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated not to exceed $15,000) and have agreed not to seek
repayment of such expenses.  

Liquidity
and Going Concern    

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
working capital of approximately $40,447,251, including cash of $118,156 and $40,929,252 held in the Trust Account to be used
for an initial Business Combination or to redeem its ordinary shares. As of September 30, 2016, none of the amount on deposit
in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above. 

Until
consummation of its initial Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account, plus the
interest earned on the Trust Account balance that may be released to the Company to fund its working capital requirements, for
identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating
and consummating the Business Combination.  

The Company may need to raise additional capital
through loans from its officers, directors, or Initial Shareholders or their respective affiliates. If the Company s Initial
Shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates determine to loan the Company funds, each loan would be evidenced by
a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of an initial Business Combination, without interest, or,
at the lender s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of the initial Business Combination
into additional units ( Working Capital Units ) at a price of $10.00 per unit. None of officers or directors, Initial
Shareholders or their respective affiliates are under any obligation to advance funds to, or to invest in, the Company. Accordingly,
the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required
to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations,
suspending the pursuit of its business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new
financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Emerging
Growth Company    

Section
102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ) permits emerging growth companies to
delay complying with new or revised financial accounting standards that do not yet apply to private companies (that is, those
that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under
the Exchange Act). The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements
with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of
using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.  

Note
2   Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis
of Presentation    

The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements of the Company are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). The information included in this Form 10-Q should be read in
conjunction with information included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed on July 29, 2016. In the opinion of management,
all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) have been made that are necessary to present fairly the financial
position, and the results of its operations and its cash flows. Operating results as presented are not necessarily indicative
of the results to be expected for a full year.  

Development
Stage Company    

The
Company complies with the reporting requirements of FASB ASC Topic 915,  Development Stage Entities  and early adopted
Accounting Standards Update 2014-10 ( ASU 2014-10 ). On September 30, 2016, the Company has not commenced any operations
nor generated revenue to date. All activity from the inception through September 30, 2016 relates to the Company formation, the
Public Offering and pursuit of an acquisition target for its initial Business Combination. Following such offering, the Company
will not generate operating revenues until after completion of a Business Combination, at earliest. The Company will generate
non-operating income in the form of other income on the designated Trust Account.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk    

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution,
which at times, may exceed the U.S. Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses
on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.  

Securities
Held in Trust Account    

Investment
securities consist of United States Treasury securities. The Company classifies its securities as held-to-maturity in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 320  Investments - Debt and Equity Securities.  Held-to-maturity securities are those securities
which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity treasury securities are recorded at amortized
cost and adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts.  

A
decline in the market value of held-to-maturity securities below cost that is deemed to be other than temporary, results in an
impairment that reduces the carrying costs to such securities' fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new cost
basis for the security is established. To determine whether an impairment is other than temporary, the Company considers whether
it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the
cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the
reasons for the impairment, the severity and the duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to year-end, forecasted
performance of the investee, and the general market condition in the geographic area or industry the investee operates in.  

Premiums
and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related held-to-maturity security as an adjustment to yield using
the effective-interest method. Such amortization and accretion is included in the  other income  line item in the
statements of operations. Other income is recognized when earned.  

Fair
Value Measurements    

FASB
ASC Topic 820  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  defines fair value, the methods used to measure fair value
and the expanded disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between the buyer and the seller at the measurement date. In determining
fair value, the valuation techniques consistent with the market approach, income approach and cost approach shall be used to measure
fair value. FASB ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for inputs, which represent the assumptions used by the buyer
and seller in pricing the asset or liability. These inputs are further defined as observable and unobservable inputs. Observable
inputs are those that buyer and seller would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources
independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s assumptions about the inputs that the buyer and seller
would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.  

The
fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows:  

Level 1    
      Valuations
    based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to
    access. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not being applied. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that
    are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these securities does not entail a significant degree
    of judgment.   

Level 2    
      Valuations
    based on (i) quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, (ii) quoted prices in markets that are not
    active for identical or similar assets, (iii) inputs other than quoted prices for the assets or liabilities, or (iv) inputs
    that are derived principally from or corroborated by market through correlation or other means.   

Level 3    
      Valuations
    based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement.   

The
fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities (including cash, accrued expenses, and deferred underwriting compensation),
which qualify as financial instruments approximates the carrying amounts represented in the unaudited condensed balance sheets.  

The
following table presents information about the Company s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring
basis as of September 30, 2016 and as of March 31, 2016, respectively and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation
techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value.  

*
included in cash and investments held in trust account on the Company s unaudited condensed balance sheets.  

Offering
Costs    

The
Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) Topic 5A -  Expenses
of Offering . Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred through the balance sheet
date that are related to the Public Offering and that were charged to shareholders  equity upon the completion of the Public
Offering.  

Redeemable
Ordinary Shares    

All
of the 4,000,000 common shares sold as part of the units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for
the redemption of common shares under the Company s Liquidation or Shareholder Approval provisions. In accordance with ASC
480, such provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity.
Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are
excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides
that in no event will it allow redemption of Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (shareholders 
equity) to be less than $5,000,001. Further, the Lead Investor holding 1,000,000 Public Units (which includes 1,000,000 shares),
has agreed to hold 1,000,000 common shares through the consummation of an initial Business Combination, vote such shares in favor
of such proposed initial Business Combination and not seek redemption of such common shares. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016
and March 31, 2016, 3,000,000 of the 4,000,000 Public Shares were classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value.  

Use
of estimates    

The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Income
Taxes    

The
Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes ( ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets
and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally
requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets
will not be realized.  

ASC
740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest
and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. The Company has identified Cayman Islands as its only
 major  tax jurisdiction, as defined. Based on the Company s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are
no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s unaudited condensed financial statements.
The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments
that would result in a material changes to its financial position. The Company s policy for recording interest and penalties
associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense.  

The
Company is incorporated under the Companies Law (2013 Revision) of the Cayman Islands and is exempted from Cayman Islands taxes.  

Loss
Per Common Share    

Basic
net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted
to include any dilutive effect from ordinary share equivalents. In the periods where losses are reported, there were no dilutive
effect from ordinary share equivalents. As a result, dilutive loss per ordinary share is equal to basic loss per ordinary share
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material
effect on the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements.  

Note
3   Public Offering   

On
August 18, 2015, the Company sold 4,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per Public Unit in the Public Offering. Each Public Unit
consists of one ordinary share of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right. Each Right entitles the holder to receive
one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. In addition, the Company granted Cantor
Fitzgerald  Co., the underwriter of the Public Offering, a 45-day option to purchase up to 600,000 Public Units solely to
cover over-allotments, if any. On October 2, 2015, the over-allotment expired unexercised.  

If
the Company does not complete its Business Combination within the necessary time period described in Note 1, the Rights will expire
and be worthless. Since the Company is not required to net cash settle the Rights and the Rights are exercisable upon the consummation
of an initial Business Combination, management determined that the Rights are classified within shareholders  equity as
 Additional paid-in capital  upon their issuance in accordance with ASC 815-40. The value of the Public Shares and
Rights are based on the offering price paid by investors.  

The
Company paid an upfront underwriting discount of $1,200,000 (3.0%) of the offering price to the underwriter at the closing of
the Public Offering. In addition, the Company is committed to pay the deferred discount in the amount of $600,000 to the underwriter
upon consummation of the Company s Business Combination (See Note 6). Such underwriting discount was accounted for as offering
costs and charged to shareholders  equity upon the completion of the Public Offering.  

The
Company also sold to the underwriter and/or its designees, at the time of the closing of the Public Offering, for an aggregate
of $100.00, an option ( Unit Purchase Option  or  UPO ) to purchase 300,000 Units. The UPO will be exercisable
at any time, in whole or in part, during the period commencing on the later of August 12, 2016 and the closing of the Company s
initial Business Combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of the effective date (August 12, 2020) at a price per Unit
equal to $10.00. Accordingly, after the Business Combination, the purchase option will be to purchase 330,000 ordinary shares
(which includes 30,000 ordinary shares to be issued for the rights included in the units). The Units issuable upon exercise of
this option are identical to the Public Units in the Offering. The Company accounted for the fair value of the UPO, inclusive
of the receipt of a $100.00 cash payment, as an expense of the Offering resulting in a charge of approximately $561,000 directly
to shareholders  equity.  

Accounting
for UPO    

The
Company has accounted for the fair value of the UPO, inclusive of the receipt of a $100 cash payment, as an expense of the Offering
resulting in a charge directly to shareholders  equity. The Company estimates that the fair value of the UPO is approximately
$561,000 (or $1.87 per unit) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the UPO is estimated as of the date
of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 15%, (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.60% and (3) expected
life of five years. The UPO will be exercised on a  cashless  basis, such that the holder may use the appreciated
value of the unit purchase option (the difference between the exercise prices of the UPO and the underlying Rights and the market
price of the Units and underlying ordinary shares) to exercise the UPO without the payment of any cash. The Company will have
no obligation to net cash settle the exercise of the UPO or the Rights underlying the UPO. The holder of the UPO will not be entitled
to exercise the UPO unless a registration statement covering the securities underlying the UPO is effective or an exemption from
registration is available. If the holder is unable to exercise the UPO, the UPO will expire worthless.  

The
Company granted to the holders of the UPO demand and  piggy back  registration rights for periods of five and seven
years, respectively, from the effective date of the UPO, including securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of
the UPO.   

Note
4   Related Party Transactions   

Notes
Payable to Initial Shareholder    

The
Company issued a $115,000 principal amount unsecured promissory note to Lodestar Investment Holdings I LLC, an affiliate of the
Company's Chief Executive Officer, on October 31, 2014. In April 2015, Lodestar Investment Holdings I LLC loaned the Company an
additional $50,000. The notes are non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) October 31, 2015, (ii) the consummation
of the Public Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company determines not to proceed with the Public Offering. Due to the short-term
nature of the notes, the fair value of the notes approximates the carrying amount. The notes were repaid on August 26, 2015.   

Private
Placement    

Upon
the closing of the Public Offering, Lodestar Investment Holdings I LLC purchased 310,000 Private Units at $10.00 per unit (for
an aggregate purchase price of $3,100,000) from the Company. All of the proceeds received from the sale of the Private Units have
been placed in the Trust Account. The Private Units are identical to the Public Units, except that the holder has agreed (i) to
vote the ordinary shares included therein in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (ii) not to propose, or vote in favor
of, an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to pre-Business
Combination activities prior to the consummation of such a Business Combination unless the Company offers dissenting holders the
right to get their pro rata portion of the Trust Account, (iii) not to redeem any ordinary shares included therein into the right
to receive cash for the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve the proposed initial Business Combination
and (iv) that the ordinary shares included therein shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a
Business Combination is not consummated. Additionally, the holder has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private
Units or underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees) until the completion of the initial Business Combination.  

Expense
Advance Agreement    

All
expenses incurred by the Company prior to an initial Business Combination may be paid only from the net proceeds of the Public
Offering and related private placements not held in the Trust Account.  

Thus,
in order to meet the Company s working capital needs following the consummation of the Public Offering if the funds not
held in the Trust Account and interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account available to the Company are insufficient,
the Company s officers, directors or Initial Shareholders or their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to,
loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each
loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. Up to $500,000 of the notes may, at the lender s discretion, be redeemed upon
consummation of an initial Business Combination into Working Capital Units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The Company s
directors and shareholders have approved the issuance of the Working Capital Units upon redemption of such notes, to the extent
the holder wishes to so redeem them at the time of the consummation of an initial Business Combination. If the Company does not
complete an initial Business Combination, the loans will only be repaid with funds not held in the Trust Account, to the extent
available.  

Note
5   Cash and Investment held in Trust Account    

As of September 30, 2016, investment
securities in the Company s Trust Account consisted of $463 in cash and $40,928,789 in United States Treasury Bills maturity
on October 20, 2016 with a cost basis of $40,870,299. As of March 31, 2016, investment securities in the Company s Trust
Account consisted of $762 in cash and $40,850,342 in United States Treasury Bills matured on May 26, 2016 with a cost basis of
$40,815,239. The Company classifies its United States Treasury and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with
FASB ASC 320  Investments   Debt and Equity Securities . Held-to-maturity treasury securities are recorded at
amortized cost on the accompanying unaudited condensed balance sheets and adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums
or discounts. The carrying value, gross unrealized holding gain (loss) and fair value of held to maturity securities on September
30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 are as follows: 

Note
6   Commitments   

Deferred
Underwriter Fees    

The
Company is committed to pay the deferred discount of 1.5% of the gross offering proceeds, in the amount of $600,000 of the Public
Offering, to the underwriter upon the Company s consummation of the Business Combination. The underwriter is not entitled
to any interest accrued on the deferred discount, and no deferred discount is payable to the underwriter if there is no Business
Combination.  

Registration
Rights    

The
Initial Shareholders and the holder of the Private Units (or underlying ordinary shares) will be entitled to registration rights
with respect to the initial shares, the Private Units and any Working Capital Units issued (or underlying ordinary shares) pursuant
to an agreement signed on the effective date of the Public Offering. The holders of the majority of the initial shares are entitled
to demand that the Company register these shares at any time commencing three months prior to the first anniversary of the consummation
of a Business Combination. The holders of the Private Units and Working Capital Units (or underlying ordinary shares) are entitled
to demand that the Company register these securities at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition,
the holders have certain  piggy-back  registration rights on registration statements filed after the Company s
consummation of a Business Combination.  

Note
7   Shareholders  Equity   

Preferred
Shares    

The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation, rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2016 and
March 31, 2016, there are no preferred shares issued or outstanding.  

Ordinary
Shares    

The
Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of September 30, 2016 and
March 31, 2016, there were 2,310,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding (which includes the 1,000,000 shares the Lead
Investor agreed not to redeem), excluding 3,000,000 issued and outstanding shares subject to possible redemption, respectively.  

In
connection with the organization of the Company, a total of 1,150,000 of the Company s ordinary shares were sold to the
Initial Shareholders at a price of approximately $0.02 per share for an aggregate of $25,000. 150,000 shares of the 1,150,000
shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters  over-allotment option is not exercised in full so
that the Company s Initial Shareholders will own 20% of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Public Offering,
excluding ordinary shares included in the Private Units. On October 2, 2015, the overallotment expired without any of the balance
being exercised. As a result, 150,000 shares have been forfeited.  

All
of these shares were placed into an escrow account on the effective date of the Public Offering. Subject to certain limited exceptions,
these shares will not be released from escrow until with respect to 50% of the shares, the earlier of one year after the date
of the consummation of an initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the ordinary shares exceeds
$13.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of an initial Business Combination
and, with respect to the remaining 50% of the shares, one year after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination,
or earlier if, subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation,
merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right
to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.  

Share
Transfer of Insider Shares    

Jianming
Hao has served as the Company s special advisor. On December 28, 2015, in exchange for Mr. Hao agreeing to serve as a special
advisor and assisting the Company in consummating an initial Business Combination, two insiders (Richard Xu and Chen Liu, each
an Initial Shareholder) transferred an aggregate of 466,667 insider shares to an affiliate of Mr. Hao for the same per-share price
originally paid by the insiders for such shares (approximately $0.02 per share).  

Based
on ASC 505-50-30-6, the value for nonemployee share issuances in exchange for service should be determined based on either the
fair value of the goods or services received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.
The shares were granted (effective on December 28, 2015) and are nonforfeitable. Based on ASC 505-50-25-7 and 505-50-30-15 (measurement
date), the Company recognized $2,277,777 of fair value for the shares when they were paid to Mr. Hao as general and administrative
expenses with a corresponding increase in additional paid-in capital. The fair value of the shares transferred was approximately
$4.88 per share using Monte Carlo Simulation model. The fair value of the shares transferred is estimated as of the payment date
using the following assumptions: (1) probability-weighted discount for lack of marketability of 38.68% and (2) dilution discount
of 20%.  

The
insider shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the units being sold in this offering. However, our initial shareholders
have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, (A) to vote their insider shares and any public shares acquired in or after
this offering in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-business combination activities prior to the consummation
of such a business combination unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares
in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any shares (including the insider shares) for cash from the trust account
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders  rights or pre-business combination
activity and (D) that the insider shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination
is not consummated. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the insider shares
(except to certain permitted transferees) until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares, the earlier of one year after the
date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals
or exceeds $13.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20
trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining
50% of the insider shares, one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either
case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar
transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or
other property.  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis.   

Forward-Looking
Statements   

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current
expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   should,   could, 
 would,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 continue,  or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to
such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
filings.  References to  we ,  us ,  our  or the  Company  are to E-compass
Acquisition Corp., except where the context requires otherwise.  The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our unaudited condensed financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.  

Overview   

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated as a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities, or entering into contractual arrangements that give us control over such a target business.   

  We
presently have no revenue, have had losses since inception from incurring formation costs and have had no operations other than
the active solicitation of a target business with which to complete a business combination. We have relied upon the sale of our
securities and loans from our officers and directors to fund our operations.   

  We
consummated our initial public offering of 4,000,000 units on August 18, 2015 generating gross proceeds of $40,000,000 and on
the same date, a private placement to Lodestar, an affiliate of Richard Xu, our Chief Executive Officer, of 310,000 private units,
generating additional proceeds of $3,100,000. Of such proceeds, an aggregate of $40,800,000 was placed in our trust account.   

  Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and
the private placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating
a business combination.   

   Recent
Developments    

  On
July 18, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a change in the Company s fiscal year from December 31 to March 31.   

  On
July 25, 2016, the Company entered into a merger agreement (the  Merger Agreement ) with, iFresh Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of E-compass, or  iFresh,  iFresh Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
and wholly owned subsidiary of iFresh, or  Merger Sub,  NYM Holding, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or  NYM, 
the stockholders of NYM, and Long Deng, as representative of the stockholders of NYM. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
if the transaction closes, the Company will be merged with and into iFresh in order to redomesticate the Company into Delaware.
After the redomestication, Merger Sub would be merged with and into NYM, resulting in NYM being a wholly owned subsidiary of iFresh.
The transaction would constitute a Business Combination.   

  NYM is a fast growing Asian/Chinese grocery supermarket chain in the north-eastern
U.S. providing food and other merchandise hard to find in mainstream grocery stores. Since its start in 1995, NYM has been targeting
the Chinese and Asian population in the U.S. with its in-depth cultural understanding of its target customer s unique consumption
habits. NYM currently has two wholesale facilities and eight retail supermarkets across New York, Massachusetts and Florida, with
an annual revenue of $131.2 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. The Company would pay NYM s current stockholders
an aggregate of $125 million in connection with the transaction: (i) $5 million in cash, plus, (ii) 12,000,000 shares of common
stock of iFresh to be issued to the selling shareholders multiplied by $10.00 (the deemed value of the shares in the Merger Agreement).
The transaction is conditioned on the surviving company receiving a loan of at least $15 million in connection with the closing
of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. If the transaction closes, iFresh would also receive an option to acquire
an additional four supermarkets prior to March 31, 2017 for consideration of $10 million in cash. The transaction is expected
to close before the end of 2016. Please see the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 25, 2016 and Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (initially filed on August 10, 2016, as subsequently amended) for additional information relating to the
Merger Agreement and transactions contemplated thereby.  

Results
of Operations   

Our
entire activity from inception through August 18, 2015 was in preparation for our Public Offering, which was consummated on August
18, 2015. Since the offering, our activity has been limited to the evaluation of business combination candidates, and we will
not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate
small amounts of non-operating income in the form of other income on cash and cash equivalents. Other income is not expected to
be significant in view of current low interest rates on risk-free investments (treasury securities). We expect to incur increased
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as
for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after this period.  

For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, we had a net loss of $106,101 which consisted of formation and operating costs partially offset by other income
generated from the Trust Account. The other income generated from trust account was $42,371. General and administrative expenses
were 148,472. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, we had a net loss of $206, which were operating costs.  

For the six months ended September 30,
2016, we had a net loss of $191,075 which consist of formation and operating costs partially offset by other income generated from
the Trust Account. The other income generated from trust account was $78,148. General and administrative expenses were $269,223.
For the six months ended September 30, 2015, we had a net loss of $17,936, which consisted of $22,084 of formation and operating
costs partially offset by $4,148 of other income generated from the Trust Account. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash of $118,156 outside of our trust account, $79,750 of prepaid expenses and $79,907 of accrued
liabilities. In addition, we had $40,929,252 in restricted cash and equivalents in our trust account, of which $129,252 of other
income may be released to us in order to fund working capital requirements or tax payments. We intend to use the remainder of
the proceeds not held in the trust account plus the interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released
to us to fund our operations.  

We
intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire
a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole
or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account as well
as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such
working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business  operations,
for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used
to repay any operating expenses or finders  fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination
if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses.  

We
anticipate that the approximately $118,156 outside of our trust account, plus the interest earned on the trust account balance
(net of income and other tax obligations), which we anticipate will be approximately $138,000 that may be released to us to fund
our working capital requirements, will be sufficient to allow us to operate until February 18, 2017, assuming that a business
combination is not consummated during that time. Over this time period, we will be using these funds to consummate the transaction
with NYM described above.  

If
our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than
the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available to us from the trust account is less than we expect
as a result of the current interest rate environment, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to
our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business
combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial
business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation
of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need
to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

As
of September 30, 2016, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk.  The net proceeds of our initial public
offering, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes
having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments,
we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September
30, 2016, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as of September 30, 2016.  

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

The Company established a policy during
the first fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 that management will consult accounting expert for accounting treatment for any significant
transactions related to related parties, equity, financing, acquisition, and etc. to ensure the internal control on financial reporting
on these transactions. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting identified in connection with the evaluation performed during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities   

On
August 18, 2015, we consummated our IPO of 4,000,000 units. Each unit consisted of one ordinary share and one right to receive
one-tenth of one ordinary share upon consummation of a business combination. The units were sold at an offering price of $10.00
per unit, generating gross proceeds of $40,000,000. Cantor Fitzgerald   Co. acted as the lead managing underwriter of the
IPO. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act of 1933 on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No.
333-204054). The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration statement effective on August 12, 2015.  

Simultaneous
with the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the Private Placement of 310,000 Private Units to Lodestar at a price of $10.00
per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of $3,100,000. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.  

The
Private Units are identical to the units sold in the Offering, except the warrants included in the Private Units will be non-redeemable,
may be exercised on a cashless basis and may be exercisable for unregistered ordinary shares if the prospectus relating to the
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current and effective, in each case so long as they continue to
be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. The holders of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the
ordinary shares included in the Private Units ( Private Shares ) in favor of any proposed business combination, (B)
not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect
to our pre-business combination activities prior to the consummation of such a business combination unless we provide dissenting
public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares into the right to receive cash from our trust account
in connection with any such vote, (C) not to convert any Private Shares into the right to receive cash from the trust account
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders  rights or pre-business combination
activity and (D) that such Private Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business
combination is not consummated within the required time period. Additionally, the purchasers have agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of the Private Units (except to certain permitted transferees) until the completion of our initial business combination.  

Of
the gross proceeds received from the IPO and Private Placement, $40,800,000 was placed in trust.   

We
paid a total of $1,200,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and $525,639 for other costs and expenses related to our
formation and the IPO.  

For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q.   

Item
6.  Exhibits.   

Exhibit
    No.  
         
      Description   

31.1  
         
      Certification of
    Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
    as amended.   

31.2  
         
      Certification of
    Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
    as amended.   

32  
         
      Certification of
    Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS  
         
      XBRL
    Instance Document   

101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

SIGNATURES   

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.  

E-COMPASS
    ACQUISITION CORP.   

By:  
      /s/
    Richard Xu   

Richard Xu   

Executive Chairman of the Board and   
 Chief Executive Officer  
 (Principal executive officer)   

By:  
      /s/
    Peiling He   

Peiling He   

Chief Financial Officer  
 (Principal financial and accounting officer)   

Date:
November 14, 2016  

18  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_ecompass.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Richard Xu, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of E-compass Acquisition Corp.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial
    reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
    during the period in which this report is being prepared; and   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016   
      /s/
    Richard Xu   

Richard
    Xu   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_ecompass.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Peiling He, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of E-compass Acquisition Corp.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial
    reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
    during the period in which this report is being prepared; and   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Peiling He   

Peiling
    He   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Principal
    financial and accounting officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 f10q0916ex32_ecompass.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of E-compass Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), each of the undersigned, in
the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation
    of the Company.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Richard Xu   

Richard
    Xu   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    executive officer)   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Peiling He   

Peiling
    He   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Principal
    financial and accounting officer)   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ecacu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ecacu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ecacu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ecacu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ecacu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ecacu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

