<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1672985_0001213900-16-018387_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1557626</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76699</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>118518</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>264553</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>620319</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>447616</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018387.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114135015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018387
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Conyers Park Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001672985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				812349205
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37828
		FILM NUMBER:		161993387

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 WEST 52ND STREET
		STREET 2:		22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-380-2644

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31 WEST 52ND STREET
		STREET 2:		22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018387.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_conyerspark.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period from __________ to
__________ 

Commission File Number: 001-37828 

CONYERS PARK ACQUISITION CORP.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware   
       
       81-2349205    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification Number)   

3 Greenwich Office Park, 2 nd    Floor   
  Greenwich, CT    
       
       06831    
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (212) 429-2211  

Not applicable  

 (Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      
No      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Date File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes      
No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer   

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company   

(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)    

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    
  No      

As of November 14, 2016, there were 40,250,000 shares of the Company s
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 (the  Class A Common Stock ) and 10,062,500 shares of the Company s
Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 (the  Class B Common Stock ) issued and outstanding. 

Conyers Park Acquisition Corp.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    
 
       PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION:    
 
      Item 1.  
      Financial Statements:  
       
      1   

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       
      1   

Condensed Statement of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and the period from April 20, 2016 (Inception) to September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       
      2   

Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the period from April 20, 2016 (Inception) to September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       
      3   

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the period from April 20, 2016 (Inception) to September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)  
       
      4   

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
       
      5   
 
      Item 2.  
      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
      13   
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       
      19   
 
      Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
       
      19   
 
       PART II   OTHER INFORMATION:    
 
      Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
       
      20   
 
      Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
       
      20   
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       
      20   
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       
      20   
 
      Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       
      20   
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
       
      20   
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
       
      21   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   Financial Statements  

Conyers Park Acquisition Corp.  
 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET  
September 30, 2016 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

Conyers Park Acquisition Corp.  
 CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

Conyers Park Acquisition Corp.  
 CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  
For the Period from April 20, 2016 (Inception) to September 30, 2016 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

Conyers Park Acquisition Corp.  
 CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
For the Period from April 20, 2016 (Inception) to September 30, 2016 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed financial
statements. 

Conyers Park Acquisition Corp.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

 (Unaudited) 

Note 1   Description of Organization and Business Operations  

Organization and General  

Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. (the  Company )
was incorporated in Delaware on April 20, 2016. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the  Initial
Business Combination ). The Company is an  emerging growth company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the  Securities Act,  as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the
 JOBS Act ). 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had not commenced
any operations. All activity for the period from April 20, 2016 (Inception) through September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s
formation and the initial public offering ( Public Offering ) described below and since the Public Offering, the search
for a target business with which to consummate an Initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues
until after completion of its Initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in
the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Public Offering. The Company has selected
December 31 st  as its fiscal year end. 

Sponsor and Proposed Financing  

The Company s sponsor is Conyers Park Sponsor
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s Public
Offering was declared effective by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on July 14, 2016.
The Company intends to finance its Initial Business Combination with proceeds from the $402,500,000 Public Offering of Units and
a $10,050,000 private placement (Note 4). Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the private placement, $402,500,000 was placed
in a trust account (the  Trust Account ) (discussed below). 

The Trust Account  

The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be
invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred eighty (180) days or less or in money market funds
that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest only in direct U.S. government
obligations. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Initial Business Combination
or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account proceeds as described below. The remaining proceeds outside the Trust Account may
be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative
expenses. 

The Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to fund working capital requirements of up to $1,000,000
and to pay taxes, if any, none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of the Initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value (the  Class
A Common Stock ) included in the Units (the  Public Shares ) sold in the Public Offering that have been properly
tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem 100% of such shares of Class A Common Stock if it does not complete
the Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; and (iii) the redemption of 100% of
the shares of Class A Common Stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering if the Company is unable to complete an Initial
Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering (subject to the requirements of law). The proceeds
deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority
over the claims of the Company s public stockholders.    

Initial Business Combination  

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering, although substantially all of the net proceeds
of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating an Initial Business Combination. The Initial Business
Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of
the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the
Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Initial Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance
that the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination. 

The Company, after signing a definitive agreement
for an Initial Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Initial Business Combination at a meeting
called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote
for or against the Initial Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest
but less taxes payable and amounts permitted to be withdrawn for working capital purposes, or (ii) provide stockholders with the
opportunity to sell their Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder
vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two
business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable and amounts
permitted to be withdrawn for working capital purposes. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of
the Initial Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their Public Shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company,
solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms
of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval, unless a vote is required by law or under
NASDAQ rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete its Initial Business Combination only if a majority of
the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Initial Business Combination. However, in no event will
the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In such
case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Initial Business Combination, and
instead may search for an alternate Initial Business Combination. 

If the Company holds a stockholder vote or there
is a tender offer for shares in connection with an Initial Business Combination, a public stockholder will have the right to redeem
its shares for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of
two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable and
amounts permitted to be withdrawn for working capital purposes. As a result, such shares of Class A Common Stock will be recorded
at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 480,  Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.  

Pursuant to the Company s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, if the Company is unable to complete the Initial Business Combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Public Offering, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds
therefore, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay
up to $1,000,000 of the Company s working capital requirements as well as to pay the Company s franchise and
income taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders  rights as stockholders (including the right to
receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to
provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The Sponsor and the Company s officers and
directors entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they agreed to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares (as defined below) held by them if the Company fails to
complete the Initial Business Combination within 24 months of the closing of the Public Offering. However, if the Sponsor or any
of the Company s directors, officers or affiliates acquires shares of Class A Common Stock in or after the Public Offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete
the Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company after an Initial Business Combination, the Company s stockholders are entitled to share ratably
in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class
of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. The Company s stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription
rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that the Company will provide its stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation  

The unaudited interim condensed financial statements
of the Company are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( GAAP ) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ), and reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the
opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position as of September 30, 2016 and the results of
operations and cash flows for the period presented. Certain information and disclosures normally included in financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Interim results are not necessarily
indicative of results for a full year. 

The unaudited interim condensed financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the final prospectus filed by
the Company with the SEC on July 18, 2016 and with the audited balance sheet included in the Form 8-K filed by the Company with
the SEC on July 26, 2016. All dollar amounts are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars. 

Emerging Growth Company  

Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging
growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that
a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition
period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies,
the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or
revised standard. 

This may make comparison of the Company s
financial statements with another public company, which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period, difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used.  

Net Loss Per Common Share  

Net loss per common share is computed by dividing
net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, plus,
to the extent dilutive, the incremental number of shares of common stock to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock
method. At September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase 20,116,667 shares of common stock. For all periods
presented, these shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share of common stock because their inclusion would
have been antidilutive. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period. 

Concentration of Credit Risk  

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the
Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company had not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes
the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Financial Instruments  

The fair value of the Company s assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Offering Costs  

The Company complies with the requirements of
FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A    Expenses of Offering.  Offering costs were
$22,697,678 (including $22,137,500 in underwriters' fees), consisting principally of costs incurred in connection with formation
and preparation for the Public Offering. These costs, together with the underwriters  discount were charged to additional
paid in capital upon closing of the Public Offering on July 20, 2016. 

Redeemable Class A Common Stock  

As discussed in Note 1, all of the 40,250,000
shares of Class A common stock sold as parts of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for
the redemption of Class A common stock under the Company s Liquidation or Tender Offer/Stockholder Approval provisions. In
accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified
outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s
equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company has not specified a maximum redemption
threshold, its amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will the Company redeem its public shares
in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. 

The Company recognizes changes in
redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value
at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Class A common stock shall
be affected by charges against additional paid in capital. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016, 38,481,212 of the 40,250,000
shares of Class A common stock included in the Units were classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value. 

Income Taxes  

The Company follows the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740,  Income Taxes.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included
the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. 

FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold
and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The Company recognizes accrued interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and
penalties at September 30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities
since inception. 

Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account  

The amounts held in the Trust Account represent
proceeds from the Public Offering and the Private Placement of $402,500,000 which were invested in a money market instrument that
invests in United States Treasury Securities with original maturities of six months or less and can only be used by the Company
in connection with the consummation of an Initial Business Combination. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

The Company complies with the reporting requirements
of FASB Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-10, which eliminated certain financial reporting requirements of companies
previously identified as  Development Stage Entities  (Topic 915). The amendments in this ASU simplify accounting guidance
by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments also reduce data maintenance
and, for those entities subject to audit, audit costs by eliminating the requirements for development stage entities to present
inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows and stockholders  equity. Early application of each
of the amendments is permitted for any annual reporting periods or interim period for which the entity s financial statements
have not yet been issued (public business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Upon adoption, entities will
no longer present or disclose any information required by Topic 915. For private entities and emerging growth companies under the
JOBS Act, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company has adopted
and incorporated the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2014-10 in the accompanying financial statements. 

In August 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern  (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about
an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to
provide related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are
conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one
year from the date the financial statements are issued. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for annual reporting
periods ending after December 15, 2016 and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company has adopted and incorporated the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2014-15 in the accompanying financial
statements. 

The Company s management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on the Company s financial statements. 

Note 3   Public Offering  

On July 20, 2016, in the Public Offering, the
Company sold 40,250,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the  Units ), including the full exercise of the underwriter s
overallotment option. The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,700,000 warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant in a private placement
that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering. 

Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s
Class A Common Stock, and one-third of one warrant to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock (each, a  Warrant  and,
collectively, the  Warrants ). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock
at a price of $11.50 per share. No fractional shares will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade.
Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company s Initial Business Combination
or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire five years after the completion of the Company s Initial
Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the
outstanding Warrants in whole and not in part at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days  prior written notice
of redemption, if and only if the last sale price of the Company s Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share
for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sent
the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. 

The Company paid an underwriting discount of $8,050,000
to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering, with an additional fee (the  Deferred Discount ) of $14,087,500,
payable upon the Company s completion of an Initial Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the
underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its Initial Business Combination. 

Note 4   Related Party Transactions  

Founder Shares  

On April 29, 2016, the Sponsor purchased 10,062,500
shares of Class B Common Stock (the  Founder Shares  or  Class B Common Stock ) for an aggregate price
of $25,000, or approximately $0.002 per share. As used herein, unless the context otherwise requires,  Founder Shares 
shall be deemed to include the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof. The Founder Shares are identical
to the Class A Common Stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares automatically convert
into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the Company s Initial Business Combination and are subject to certain
transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class
B Common Stock into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

The Company s initial stockholders have
agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of:
(A) one year after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Initial Business Combination, (x)
if the last sale price of the Company s Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger,
stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants  

The Sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 6,700,000
private placement warrants (including warrants required to be purchased in connection with the over-allotment option) at a price
of $1.50 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering (the  Private
Placement Warrants ). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of the Company s Class A Common
Stock at a price of $11.50 per share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants has been added to the proceeds
from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account pending completion of the Initial Business Combination such that at the closing
of the Public Offering $402.5 million was held in the Trust Account. If the Initial Business Combination is not completed within
24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust
Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private
Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis
so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

The Sponsor and the Company s officers and
directors have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants (including
the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) until 30 days after the completion of the Initial
Business Combination. 

Registration Rights  

The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants and Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled to registration rights
(in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion of such shares to shares of Class A Common Stock) as stated in the registration
rights agreement signed on the date of the prospectus for the Public Offering. These holders are entitled to certain demand and
 piggyback  registration rights. 

However, the registration rights agreement provides
that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination
of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Related Party Loans  

On April 29, 2016, the Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Note ). This note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2016 or the completion of the
Public Offering. On April 29, 2016, the Company borrowed $100,000 under the Note. From April 30, 2016 through July 19, 2016, the
Company borrowed an additional $125,000 under the Note. On July 20, 2016, the total balance of $225,000 of the Note was repaid
to the Sponsor. 

Administrative Support Agreement  

The Company has agreed to pay an affiliate of
the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Services commenced
on July 15, 2016, the date the securities were first listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and will terminate upon the earlier of
the completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation. 

Note 5   Cash Held in Trust Account  

Upon
the closing of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, $402,500,000 was placed in the Trust Account. At September 30, 2016,
funds in the Trust Account totaled $    402,593,223
and were held in investment securities and cash, with investment securities consisting only of money market funds meeting certain
conditions  under Rule 2a- 7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which invest only in direct U.S. government
obligations. Such investment securities are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.  

Note 6   Fair Value Measurements  

The following table presents information about
the Company s assets that are measured on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and indicates the fair value hierarchy
of the valuation techniques that the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by Level
1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level
2 inputs utilize data points that are observable, such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined
by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the asset or liability, and includes situations where there is little, if any,
market activity for the asset or liability. 

Note 7   Deferred Underwriting Commission  

The Company is committed to pay the Deferred
Discount of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or $14,087,500, to the underwriters upon the Company s completion
of an Initial Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to receive any of the interest earned on Trust Account funds
that would be used to pay the Deferred Discount, and no Deferred Discount is payable to the underwriters if an Initial Business
Combination is not completed within 24 months after the Public Offering.    

Note 8   Stockholders  Equity  

Common Stock  

The authorized common stock of the Company consists
of 200,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock and 20,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock. If the Company enters into an Initial
Business Combination, it may (depending on the terms of such an Initial Business Combination) be required to increase the number
of shares of Class A Common Stock which the Company is authorized to issue at the same time as the Company s stockholders
vote on the Initial Business Combination to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with the Initial Business
Combination. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock. At September
30, 2016, there were 40,250,000 shares of Class A (of which 38,481,212 was classified outside of permanent equity) and 10,062,500
shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Preferred Stock  

The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares
of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the
Company s board of directors. At September 30, 2016, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Item 2.   
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

References to the  Company,   us,   our 
or  we  refer Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed financial statements and related notes included herein.  

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

All statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements under  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  regarding the Company's financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used in this Form 10-Q, words such as  anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend  and similar expressions, as they relate to us
or the Company's management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management,
as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company's management. Actual results could differ materially
from those contemplated by the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC.
All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company's behalf are qualified
in their entirety by this paragraph. 

Overview  

We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated
as a Delaware corporation on April 20, 2016 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Initial
Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Public Offering and the private placement of warrants that occurred simultaneously
with the consummation of the Public Offering, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

The issuance of additional shares of our stock
in a business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B Common Stock resulted in the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B Common Stock;   

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;   

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;   

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and   

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A Common Stock and/or warrants.   

Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could
result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an Initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;   

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;   

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;   

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;   

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;   

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes;   

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;   

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;   

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and   

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.   

As indicated in the accompanying financial statements,
at September 30, 2016, we had $1,037,822 in cash and cash equivalents. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the
pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our Initial Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations   

For the period from April 20, 2016 (inception)
to September 30, 2016, we had a net loss of $65,190. Our entire activity from April 20, 2016 through September 30, 2016, consisted
of formation and preparation for the Public Offering and since the Public Offering, the search for a target business with which
to consummate an Initial Business Combination, and as such, we had no operations and no significant operating expenses. Subsequent
to the closing of the Public Offering on July 20, 2016, our normal operating costs included costs associated with our search for
the business combination, costs associated with our governance and public reporting, state franchise taxes and charges of $10,000
per month from our Sponsor for administrative services. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Until the consummation of the Public Offering,
our only sources of liquidity were an initial purchase of Founder Shares for $25,000 by the Sponsor, and a total of $225,000 (out
of $300,000 that was available) loaned by the Sponsor. This Note was non-interest bearing and was paid in full on July 20, 2016
in connection with closing of the Public Offering. 

On July 20, 2016, we consummated our Public Offering
in which we sold 40,250,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit (including the full exercise of the underwriter s overallotment
option) generating gross proceeds of $402,500,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses. The Sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 6,700,000 warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the Public Offering.
In connection with the Public Offering, we incurred offering costs of $22,697,678 (including an underwriting discount of $8,050,000
and a Deferred Discount of $14,087,500). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of formation and preparation fees
related to the Public Offering. A total of $402,500,000 of the net proceeds from the Public Offering and the Private Placement
were deposited in a Trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. 

Prior to the completion of our Initial Business
Combination, we will have available to us the $1,037,822 of cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet. We will use these funds
to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from
the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.
We are also entitled to up to $1,000,000 in interest from the Trust Account to be used for working capital purposes. The amount
of interest available to us from the Trust Account may be less than $1,000,000 as a result of the current interest rate environment.
As of September 30, 2016 our interest income in the Trust Account is $93,223. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended Initial Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our Initial
Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our Initial Business Combination does not close, we
may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust
Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of $1.50
per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise
price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor
or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against
any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 

We expect that we have sufficient resources
subsequent to our Public Offering to fund our operations through July 20, 2018. We do not believe we will need to raise
additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if
our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an Initial
Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate
our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our
business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of
our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business
combination, which may include a specified future issuance. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would
only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our
Initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Initial Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we
may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements  

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with
unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered
into any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations  

At September 30, 2016, we did not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. On July 14, 2016, in connection with the
Public Offering, we entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with our Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company pays a total
of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and administrative support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination
or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

The underwriters are entitled to underwriting
commissions of 5.5%, of which 2.0% ($8,050,000) was paid at the closing of the Public Offering, and 3.5% ($14,087,500) has been
deferred. The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that the Company completes an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.
The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting commissions. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses
during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The Company has identified the following
as its critical accounting policies: 

Emerging Growth Company  

Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the
requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has
different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or
revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 

This may make comparison of the Company s
financial statements with another public company, which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period, difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 

Net Loss Per Common Share  

Net loss per common share is computed by dividing
net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, plus,
to the extent dilutive, the incremental number of shares of common stock to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock
method. At September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase 20,116,667 shares of common stock. For all periods
presented, these shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share of common stock because their inclusion would
have been antidilutive. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period. 

Financial Instruments  

The fair value of the Company s assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet. 

Offering Costs  

The Company complies with the requirements of
FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A    Expenses of Offering.  Offering costs were
$22,697,678 (including $22,137,500 in underwriters' fees), consisting principally of costs incurred in connection with formation
and preparation for the Public Offering. These costs, together with the underwriters  discount were charged to additional
paid in capital upon closing of the Public Offering on July 20, 2016. 

Income Taxes  

The Company follows the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740,  Income Taxes.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included
the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. 

FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold
and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The Company recognizes accrued interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and
penalties at September 30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities
since inception. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had no material
deferred tax assets. 

Redeemable Common Stock  

All of the 40,250,000 Class A Common Stock sold
as parts of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of Class A Common Stock
under the Company s Liquidation or Tender Offer/Stockholder Approval provisions. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption
provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary
liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded
from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company has not specified a maximum redemption threshold, its amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will the Company redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause
its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. 

The Company will recognize changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of
each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Class A Common Stock shall be affected by charges
against additional paid in capital. 

Accordingly, at September 30, 2016, 38,481,212
of the 40,250,000 shares of Class A common stock included in the Units were classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption
value. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

The Company complies with the reporting requirements
of FASB Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-10, which eliminated certain financial reporting requirements of companies
previously identified as  Development Stage Entities  (Topic 915). The amendments in this ASU simplify accounting guidance
by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments also reduce data maintenance
and, for those entities subject to audit, audit costs by eliminating the requirements for development stage entities to present
inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows and stockholders equity. Early application of each of the
amendments is permitted for any annual reporting periods or interim period for which the entity s financial statements have
not yet been issued (public business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Upon adoption, entities will no
longer present or disclose any information required by Topic 915. For private entities and emerging growth companies under the
JOBS Act, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company has adopted
and incorporated the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2014-10 in the accompanying financial statements. 

In August 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation
of Financial Statements   Going Concern  (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is
substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.
For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are
issued. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and for annual
and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has adopted and incorporated the methodologies prescribed
by ASU 2014-15, in the accompanying financial statements. 

The Company s management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on the Company s financial statements. 

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

Through September 30, 2016, our efforts have
been limited to organizational activities, activities relating to our Public Offering and since the Public Offering, the search
for a target business with which to consummate an Initial Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated
any revenues. We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception on April 20, 2016. We do not expect to engage in
any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 

The net proceeds of the Public Offering and the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity
of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there
will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15
(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings    

None. 

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

As of the date of this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our prospectus filed with the SEC on July 18, 2016
except we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the
SEC. 

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
 
     The
Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,700,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant in a private placement
that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole
share of the Company s Class A Common Stock at a price of $11.50 per share. The Private Placement Warrants are substantially
similar to the warrants underlying the Units issued in our Public Offering, except that they are non-redeemable and exercisable
on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor and the Company s
officers and directors have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement
Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. The sale of the Private Placement Warrants was
made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Use of Proceeds  

On July 20, 2016, the Company consummated its
Public Offering in which it sold 40,250,000 Units (including the full exercise of the underwriter s overallotment option),
with each Unit consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-third of one warrant to purchase one share of Class A Common
Stock at a price of $11.50 per share. The units in the Public Offering were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating
total gross proceeds of approximately $402,500,000, including the sale of an aggregate of 5,250,000 Units to cover over-allotments.
The securities sold in the Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No.
333-212133). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on July 14, 2016. 

In connection with the Public Offering, the
Company incurred offering costs of $22,697,678 (including an underwriting discount of $8,050,000 and a Deferred Discount of $14,087,500).
Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of formation and preparation fees related to the Public Offering. Prior to
the closing of the Public Offering, the Sponsor loaned the Company $225,000 (out of $300,000 that was available). This Note was
non-interest bearing and were paid in full on July 20, 2016 in connection with closing of the Public Offering. 

After deducting the underwriting discounts
and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of $14,087,500 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will
be payable upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination, if consummated) and the Public Offering expenses, the total
net proceeds from our Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants was approximately
$403,962,822 of which $402,500,000 (or $10.00 per Unit sold in the Public Offering) was placed in the Trust
Account. Approximately $1,462,822 was held outside the Trust Account and has been used to fund the Company s
operating expenses. As of September 30, 2016 cash and cash equivalents held outside the Trust Account was $1,037,822. The net
proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are held in the Trust Account and have been
invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. 

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

None. 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not Applicable. 

Item 5.   
       Other Information    

None. 

Item 6.   
       Exhibits    

* Furnished herewith 

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CONYERS PARK ACQUISITION CORP.    

Dated:
    November 14, 2016    
      /s/ David J. West   

Name: David J. West 
         Title: Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)     

Dated: November 14, 2016    
      /s/ Brian K. Ratzan   

Name: Brian K. Ratzan 
         Title: Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_conyers.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1   

CERTIFICATION   
  PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)   
  OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

    (Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)    

I,
David J. West, certify that:  

1.  I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Conyers Park Acquisition Corp.;  

2.  Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.  Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

a)       designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)      [omitted
pursuant to the transition period exemption for newly public companies.]  

c)       evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d)      disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)       all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)      any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    David J. West     

David J. West   

Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_conyers.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2   

CERTIFICATION   
  PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)   
  OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

    (Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)    

I,
Brian K. Ratzan, certify that:  

1.  I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Conyers Park Acquisition Corp.;  

2.  Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.  Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

a)       designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)      [omitted
pursuant to the transition period exemption for newly public companies.]  

c)       evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d)      disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)       all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)      any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Brian K. Ratzan     

Brian K. Ratzan   

Chief
        Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_conyers.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. 1350   

   (SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)   

I,
David J. West, Chief Executive Officer of Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. (the   Company  ), certify, pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge:  

(1)          
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the   Report  )
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C.
78m(a) or 78o(d)); and  

(2)          
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

This
certificate is being furnished solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report
or as a separate disclosure document.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    David J. West     

David J. West   

Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_conyers.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. 1350   

   (SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)   

I,
Brian K. Ratzan, Chief Financial Officer of Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. (the   Company  ), certify, pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge:  

(1)          
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the   Report  )
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C.
78m(a) or 78o(d)); and  

(2)          
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

This
certificate is being furnished solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report
or as a separate disclosure document.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Brian K. Ratzan     

Brian K. Ratzan   

Chief
        Financial Officer  
          (Principal
        Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cpaau-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cpaau-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cpaau-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cpaau-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cpaau-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cpaau-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

