<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1115128_0001564590-16-028326_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10031248</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>526003</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>271696</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3249348</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2962910</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1787866</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>47</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028326.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108160826
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028326
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quotient Technology Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001115128
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36331
		FILM NUMBER:		161981369

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 LOGUE AVENUE
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-605-4600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 LOGUE AVENUE
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COUPONS.com Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131023

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COUPONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050802

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COUPONS COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000522

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028326.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 quot-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

quot-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, DC 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  
   
 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 OR    

For the transition period from                 to                    
 Commission File Number: 001-36331  
   
 Quotient Technology Inc.  
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

Delaware  

77-0485123  

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  

(I.R.S. Employer  

Incorporation or Organization)  

Identification No.)  

400 Logue Avenue, Mountain View, California  

94043  

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)  

(Zip Code)  

(650) 605-4600  
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  
   
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes               No          
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter time period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes               No          
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes               No          
 As of November 3, 2016, the registrant had 88,022,983 shares of common stock outstanding.  

QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC.  
 INDEX  
 REPORT ON 
 FORM 10-Q  
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1 Financial Statements (unaudited):      

3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

7  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

20  

Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

30  

Item 4 Controls and Procedures    

31  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1 Legal Proceedings    

32  

Item 1A Risk Factors    

32  

Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

56  

Item 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

57  

Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures    

57  

Item 5 Other Information    

57  

Item 6 Exhibits    

57  

SIGNATURES    

58  

2 
 
    PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
 
   Financial Statements.     

QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC. 
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (In thousands, except share and per share data)  
 (Unaudited)  

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

3 
 
    QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC.   
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (In thousands, except per share data)  
 (Unaudited)    

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

4 
 
    QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC.  
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  
 (In thousands)  
 (Unaudited)  

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

5 
 
    QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC.  
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (In thousands)  
 (Unaudited)    

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

6 
 
    QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC.  
   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)  
   
 1. Description of Business  
 Quotient Technology Inc. (the  Company"), is a provider of digital promotions and media solutions driven by consumer-shopping data. The Company connects consumer packaged goods ( CPG ) brands and retailers with shoppers by delivering digital promotions and media to shoppers through mobile, web and social channels. Leading brands, as well as leading retailers in the grocery, drug, dollar, club and mass merchandise channels, use its platform to engage shoppers at the critical moments when they are choosing what products to buy and where to shop.  The Company, which was formerly known as Coupons.com Incorporated, changed its name effective October 20, 2015, to better reflect the breadth and sophistication of its business offerings, along with its deepening relationships with Fortune 500 CPGs and retailers.  
   
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Basis of Presentation and Consolidation  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. As such, the information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 The Company s condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations, comprehensive loss, and cash flows for the interim periods, but are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be anticipated for the full year ending December 31, 2016 or for any other period.  
 There have been no changes to the Company s significant accounting policies described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K that have had a material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such management estimates include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, collectability of accounts receivable, recoverability of non-refundable distribution fees, the valuation and useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, goodwill, stock-based compensation, contingent consideration and income taxes. Actual results may differ from the Company s estimates, and such differences may be material to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 When the Company delivers a digital coupon on a retailer s website or mobile app or through its loyalty program, or the website or mobile app of a publisher, or through its Retailer iQ platform, and the consumer takes certain actions, the Company pays a distribution fee to the retailer or other publisher, which, in some cases may be prepaid prior to being incurred. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a one-time charge associated with certain distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner that were deemed unrecoverable. The Company considered various factors in its assessment including its historical experience with transaction volumes through the retailer and other comparative retailers, ongoing communications with the retailer to increase its marketing efforts to promote the digital platform, as well as the projected revenues, and associated revenue share payments. Accordingly, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized a one-time charge of $7.4 million related to such distribution fees in cost of revenues on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a remaining non-refundable distribution fee prepayment balance of $0.6 million. 
   
 7 
 
    Foreign Currency   
 Prior to the first quarter of 2016, the functional currency of each of the Company s international subsidiaries was the local currency, as its international subsidiaries negotiated and managed business locally with minimal involvement from the U.S. parent entity. 
 Beginning the first quarter of 2016, the functional currency of certain international subsidiaries changed from its local currency to U.S. Dollar ( USD ). The change in functional currency was the result of changes in the Company s international strategy primarily resulting from the acquisition of Shopmium S.A. (a private company based in France). The Company acquired Shopmium S.A. as part of its strategy to broaden international operations and subsequently, the Company reviewed its international strategy, including management of its relationships with international CPG brands, evaluation of worldwide competition and international pricing strategy, its plan to manage future billings and collections for international customers and plan to further develop the acquired technology for its subsequent use by various entities. Consequently, as part of the Company s new international strategy and changes to the way the Company runs its business internationally, it modified its existing international structure and entered into various inter-company licensing agreements between its U.S. entity and certain international entities. As these changes were significant, the Company considered the economic factors outlined in ASC 830,  Foreign Currency Matters,  for the determination of the functional currency. The Company concluded that most of the factors pointed to the use of the parent s currency (USD) as the functional currency, which resulted in a change in functional currency to USD for such international subsidiaries. 
 The change in functional currency is applied on a prospective basis beginning with our first quarter of 2016 and translation adjustments for prior periods will continue to remain as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.   
 Gains (losses) from foreign currency transactions are included in other income (expense), net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) were immaterial in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted  
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  and in August 2015, the FASB issued   ASU 2015-14   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09   amended the existing accounting standards to achieve consistent application of revenue recognition. The amendments are based on the principle that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additionally, the standard requires reporting companies to also disclose the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. In July 2015, the FASB agreed to delay the effective date of this amendment by one year, accordingly, the Company is required to adopt the amendments in the first quarter of 2018. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application.  Early adoption is permitted, but not before the original effective date of the amendment, which is the first quarter of 2017. The Company  is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02  Leases (Topic 842).  The guidance requires lessees to put most leases on their balance sheets but recognize expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to today s accounting. Lessees initially recognize a lease liability for the obligation to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The lease liability is measured at the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. The right-of-use asset is measured at the lease liability amount, adjusted for lease prepayments, lease incentives received and the lessee s initial direct costs. The standard is effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15 2018, and interim periods within that reporting period, which would be the first quarter of 2019 for the Company. Early adoption is permitted. ASU 2016-02 is required to be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 
 8 
 
      In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09   Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  .  The new guidance requires all of the tax effects related to share based payments to be recorded through the income statement. The new guida  nce also removes the present requirement to delay recognition of a windfall tax benefit until it reduces current taxes payable; instead it is recognized at the time of settlement, subject to normal valuation allowance consideration. While the simplificatio  n will eliminate some administrative complexities, it will increase the volatility of income tax expense. The standard is effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within that     reporting period. Early adoption is permitted.   The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on the consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows  (Topic 230):  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  (ASU 2016-15), which clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for public business entities for annual reporting years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 
 3. Fair Value Measurements  
 The fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:  
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  
 Level 3 Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.  
 9 
 
    The Company s fair value hierarchy for its financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows (in thousands):   

The valuation technique used to measure the fair value of money market funds included using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The valuation technique used to measure the fair value of certificate of deposits included using quoted prices in active markets for similar assets.  
 The fair value of contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Shopmium S.A. (Shopmium) was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation and was based on significant inputs not observable in the market, thus classified as a Level 3 instrument. The inputs include the expected achievement of certain revenue and profit milestones for the years ending December 31, 2016 and 2017, historical volatility and risk free interest rate. 
   The fair value of contingent consideration related to the   asset purchase agreement with   Eckim LLC (Eckim) was determined based on an estimate of shares issuable to Eckim for achieving certain revenue and profit milestones at the end of the earnout period as of December 31, 2015. The inputs include the Company s stock price and the number of shares issuable. On January 26, 2016, the Company and the sellers of Eckim agreed on   performance against the milestones and the shares to be issued.   Accordingly, the Company reclassified the contingent liability of $1.9 million related to Eckim to stockholder s equity in the first quarter of 2016. The shares were issued during the second quarter of 2016.  
 10 
 
    The following table represents the change in the   contingent consideration (in thousands):  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded gains of $0.1 million and $1.2 million, respectively,  related to the changes in fair value of contingent consideration. The change in fair value of Shopmium contingent consideration is due to a decline in expected revenue and profit milestones for the years ending December 31, 2016 and 2017. The change in fair value of Eckim contingent consideration     is due to changes in the Company s stock price at the valuation dates. The  changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration is included as a component of operations in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 There were no transfers between fair value hierarchies during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
 4. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts   
 The summary of activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows (in thousands):  

5. Balance Sheet Components  
 Property and Equipment, Net  
 Property and equipment consist of the following (in thousands):  

Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was $4.1 million and $3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $12.0 million and $9.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
   The Company capitalized  internal use software development and enhancement costs of $0.3 million during each of the three months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, and  $0.4 million and $1.1 million during the nine months ended  
 11 
 
  September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Amortization expense related to internal use software, inc  luded in property and equipment depreciation and amortization expense above, and recorded as cost of revenues was $2.6 million and $2.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $7.9 million and $7.0 million durin  g the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The unamortized capitalized development and enhancement costs were $3.4 million and $11.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 Accrued Compensation and Benefits  
 Accrued compensation and benefits consist of the following (in thousands):  

Other Current Liabilities    
 Other current liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):  

6. Intangible Assets  
 On August 3, 2016, the Company entered into a services and data agreement, (the  Agreement ), which provides the Company with certain exclusive rights to provide promotion and media services, and the use of shopper data, for 5.5 years, with certain rights continuing on a non-exclusive basis for up to an additional 4.5 years. In exchange, the Company agreed to issue 3,000,000 shares of common stock. 
 The consideration for such services and data rights aggregated to $39.6 million based on the fair value of 3,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at the date of entering into the Agreement. Out of the 3,000,000 shares issued, 1,000,000 shares were issued within five business days of execution of the Agreement and 2,000,000 shares are held in escrow and will be released in two equal installments, within 15 business days following the years ending December 31, 2017 and 2018. The fair value of the shares held in escrow was recorded in additional paid in capital and is subject to re-measurement until released from escrow. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a loss of $0.2 million due to the change in the Company s stock price. Gains and losses as a result of the changes in the fair value of the shares that are being held in escrow are included in change in fair value of escrowed shares and contingent consideration, net on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 The consideration of $39.6 million as well as the capitalized transaction costs of $0.1 million were allocated to the acquired intangible assets based on the respective fair values. The Company is amortizing the intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives in cost of revenues on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 12 
 
    The following table presents the details of the acquired intangible assets (in thousands):   

Intangible assets consist of the following (in thousands):    

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has a domain name with a gross value of $0.4 million that has an indefinite useful life, hence is not subject to amortization.  

13 
 
    Amortization expense related to intangible assets subject to amortization was $2.1 million and $0.8   million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $4.3 million and $2.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets a  s of September 30, 2016 is as follows (in thousands):        

7. Debt Obligation  
 In September 2013, the Company entered into an agreement with a commercial bank to establish an accounts receivable based revolving line of credit. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company terminated the line of credit and paid off the balance in full.     

8. Stock-based Compensation  
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan  
 In October 2013, the Company adopted the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2013 Plan ), which became effective in March 2014 and serves as the successor to the Company s 2006 Stock Plan (the  2006 Plan ). Under the 2013 Plan, the Company may grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units, performance shares and units to employees, directors and consultants.  
 Stock Options    
 The fair value of each option was estimated on the date of grant for the period presented using the following assumptions:    

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted was $6.87 and $5.34 per share during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $5.25 and $5.57 per share during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
   
 Restricted Stock Units  
 The fair value of RSUs equals the market value of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. The RSUs are excluded from issued and outstanding shares until they are vested.  
 14 
 
    A summary of the Company s stock option and RSU award activity under the 2013 Plan is as follows:   

The aggregate intrinsic value disclosed in the table above is based on the difference between the exercise price of the options and the fair value of the Company s common stock.  
 The aggregate total fair value of options which vested was $0.9 million and $0.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $2.4 million and $3.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
   
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
 Eligible employees can enroll and elect to contribute up to 15% of their base compensation through payroll withholdings in each offering period which is six months in duration, subject to certain limitations.   The purchase price of the stock is the lower of 85% of the fair market value on (a) the first day of the offering period or (b) the purchase date.  
 The fair value of the option feature is estimated using the Black-Scholes model for the period presented based on the following assumptions:  

As of September 30, 2016, a total of 460,502 shares of common stock were issued under the 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ). As of September 30, 2016, a total of 1,539,498 shares are available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 15 
 
    Stock-based Compensation Expense   
 The following table sets forth the total stock-based compensation expense resulting from stock options, RSUs and ESPP included in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):  

During nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $1.0 million of stock-based compensation expense on account of modification of stock options and RSUs granted to a former employee pursuant to transitioning from an employee to a special advisor consulting arrangement. Under the original terms of the grant agreements, the unvested options and RSUs would be forfeited upon termination. The transition arrangement extended the period over which the vested awards can be exercised and allows for continued vesting of unvested options and RSUs subject to the former employee continuing to provide services in accordance with the special advisor consulting arrangement. The expense is included in general and administrative expense in the Company s condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 The amount of stock-based compensation cost capitalized in property and equipment, net, on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, was immaterial for all periods presented. 
 As of September 30, 2016, there was $52.2 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense (net of estimated forfeitures), of which $9.2 million is related to stock options and ESPP shares and $43.0 million is related to RSUs. The total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and ESPP as of September 30, 2016 will be amortized over a weighted-average period of 2.71 years. The total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs as of September 30, 2016 will be amortized over a weighted-average period of 2.65 years. 
   
 9. Common Stock Repurchase Program 
 In February 2015, the Company s board of directors authorized a Share Repurchase Program ( Program ) to repurchase up to $50.0 million of the Company s common stock through February 2016, subject to certain limitations. Through February 2016, a total of $31.3 million in stock was repurchased under this Program. The Program expired in February 2016 with an unused balance of $18.7 million. In February 2016, the Company s board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program ( New Program ) to repurchase up to $50.0 million of the Company s common stock through February 2017. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for an aggregate amount of $11.0 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock. As of September 30, 2016, $46.9 million remains available for future share repurchases under the New Program.     
   
           10. Income Taxes  
 The Company recorded an income tax provision of $0.1 million and $0.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and an income tax benefit of an insignificant amount and $0.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The income tax provision for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to a net increase in deferred tax liabilities associated with the change in fair value of contingent consideration from prior year acquisitions and a decrease in foreign income taxed at non-US tax rates. The income tax benefit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily attributable to the net decrease in deferred tax liabilities associated with the change in fair value of contingent consideration related to a prior year acquisition. 
 The Company s federal income tax returns for calendar years 2013 and 2014 are under examination by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from the IRS examination. 
 16 

11. Net Loss Per Share  
 The computation of the Company s basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is as follows (in thousands, except per share data):  

The outstanding common equivalent shares excluded from the computation of the diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the periods presented because including them would have been antidilutive are as follows (in thousands):  

12. Commitments and Contingencies  
   
 Leases  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company s minimum payments under its non-cancelable operating and capital leases are as follows (in thousands):  

The Company leases various office facilities, including its corporate headquarters in Mountain View, California and various sales offices, under non-cancelable operating lease agreements that expire through December 2024. In the first quarter of 2016, the Company entered into a lease agreement for an office facility located in Cincinnati, Ohio which will expire in June 2024.  
 17 
 
    The terms of the lease agreements provide for rental payments on a graduated basis. The Company recognizes rent expense on a   straight-line basis over the lease periods. Additionally, the Company leases certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases at its facilities and its leased data center operations.  
 Rent expense pursuant to all operating lease agreements   was $1.3 million and $0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $3.2 million and $2.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 Purchase Obligations 
 The Company has unconditional purchase obligations which expire through 2034 in the amount of $6.8 million for marketing arrangements relating to the purchase of a 20-year suite license for a professional sports team which it uses for sales and marketing purposes.  
 The Company s open purchase commitments which primarily relate to software license fees was $2.8 million as of September 30, 2016.  
 Indemnification  
 In the normal course of business, to facilitate transactions related to the Company s operations, the Company indemnifies certain parties, including CPGs, advertising agencies and other third parties including retailers. The Company has agreed to hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from claims of intellectual property infringement or other liabilities relating to or arising from our products or services or other contractual infringement. The term of these indemnity provisions generally survive termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. To date, the Company has not recorded any liabilities related to these agreements.  
 Litigation  
 On March 11, 2015, a putative stockholder class action lawsuit was filed against us, the members of our board of directors, certain of our executive officers and the underwriters of our IPO:  Nguyen v. Coupons.com Incorporated,  Case No. CGC-15-544654 (California Superior Court, San Francisco County). The complaint asserted claims under the Securities Act and sought unspecified damages and other relief on behalf of a putative class of persons and entities who purchased stock pursuant or traceable to the registration statement and prospectus for our IPO. Plaintiff Nguyen requested and obtained a dismissal without prejudice of his San Francisco action and filed another complaint with substantially the same allegations in the Santa Clara County Superior Court,  Nguyen v. Coupons.com Incorporated , Case No. 1-15-CV-278777 (California Superior Court, Santa Clara County) (Mar. 30, 2015). Three other complaints with substantially the same allegations have also been filed:  O Donnell v. Coupons.com Incorporated , Case No. 1-15-CV-278399 (California Superior Court, Santa Clara County) (Mar. 20, 2015);  So v. Coupons.com Incorporated , Case No. 1-15-CV-278774 (California Superior Court, Santa Clara County) (Mar. 30, 2015); and  Silverberg v. Coupons.com Incorporated , Case No. 1-15-CV-278891 (California Superior Court, Santa Clara County) (Apr. 2, 2015). On May 7, 2015, the Santa Clara court consolidated the  Nguyen, So and Silverberg  actions with the  O Donnell  action. The Court sustained defendants  demurrer to the consolidated complaint with leave to amend. On December 14, 2015, plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint. The Court sustained defendants  demurrer to the amended consolidated complaint without leave to amend on May 25, 2016, and on July 13, 2016 entered final judgment in our favor. The lawsuit has concluded since the defendants did not appeal the judgment. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may be involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings consisting of intellectual property, commercial, employment, and other matters. The Company records a provision for these claims when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss, or a range of the potential loss, can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed regularly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information or events pertaining to a particular case. In the event that one or more of these matters were to result in a claim against the Company, an adverse outcome, including a judgment or settlement, may cause a material adverse effect on the Company s future business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 The Company believes that liabilities associated with existing claims are remote, therefore the Company has not recorded any accrual for claims as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company expenses legal fees in the period in which they are incurred. 

18 
 
    13. Employee Benefit P  lan   
 The Company maintains a defined-contribution plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The 401(k) plan provides retirement benefits for eligible employees. Eligible employees may elect to contribute to the 401(k) plan. The Company provides a match of up to the lesser of 3% of each employee s annual salary or $6,000, which vests fully after four years of continuous employment. The Company s matching contribution expense was $0.3 million and $0.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1.4 million and $1.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

14. Information About Geographic Areas 
 Revenues generated outside of the United States were insignificant for all periods presented. Additionally, as the Company s assets are primarily located in the United States, information regarding geographical location is not presented, as such amounts are immaterial to these condensed consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.  

19 

I  tem 2.   
 
          Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.      

 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2016 with the SEC. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The forward looking statements reflect our plans, estimates, beliefs and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences are described in  Risk Factors  set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
 Overview 
 The Company is a provider of digital promotions and media solutions driven by consumer-shopping data. We connect CPGs and retailers with shoppers by delivering digital promotions and media to shoppers through mobile, web and social channels. Leading brands, as well as leading retailers in the grocery, drug, dollar, club and mass merchandise channels, use our platform to engage shoppers at the critical moments when they are choosing what products to buy and where to shop.  Our corporate name, which became effective October 20, 2015, is designed to better reflect the breadth and sophistication of our business offerings, along with our deepening relationships with Fortune 500 CPGs and retailers.    
 Our core promotions and media solutions, which we refer to as Quotient Promotions and Quotient Media, respectively, reach millions of shoppers every day through our extensive network. That network includes our flagship site and mobile app, Coupons.com; over 2,000 brands from approximately 700 CPGs; retailers across multiple classes of trade such as grocery, drug, dollar, club, and mass merchandise channels; our publisher network of thousands of registered partner sites, which have distributed or may distribute our offers and media; and consumers visiting web, mobile properties, and social channels within that ecosystem. Our emerging solutions around our data and analytic capabilities, referred to as Quotient Insights, also relies on this extensive network. We expect to continue to solidify and/or expand partnerships, and incur investment costs specific to Quotient Insights in anticipation of launching new products and/or services in the future. 
 Our CPG customers include many of the leading food, beverage, drug, personal and household product manufacturers. We primarily generate revenue from CPGs by offering promotions and media content to consumers across our network. Our retailers include leading grocery, drug, dollar channel, club and mass merchandise retailers. We also service a broad range of specialty retailers, including clothing, electronics, home improvement and many others, through which we generate revenue primarily from offering coupon codes through our platform.  
 We generate promotion revenues from digital transactions on our network. Each time a consumer activates a digital coupon on our platform by eith er printing it for physical redemption at a retailer or saving it to a retailer loyalty account for automatic digital redemption, or redeems a cash back coupon using a mobile device after taking a picture of a retailer receipt with the appropriate purchase, we are generally paid a fee. As our business evolves, we will continue to experiment with different pricing models and fee arrangements with CPGs and retailers which may impact how we monetize transactions. For coupon codes, we are generally paid a fee when a consumer makes a purchase using a coupon code from our platform. We generally pay a distribution fee to retailers or publishers when a consumer activates a digital promotion on their website or mobile app. These distribution fees are included in our cost of revenues. We also generate media revenue through the placement of online advertisements from CPGs and retailers that are displayed on our websites and mobile apps, as well as those of our publishers, retailers and other third parties. See Management s  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    Non-GAAP Financial Measure and Key Operating Metrics  for more information. 
 20 
 
    Third Quarter 2016 Overview     
 Quarterly revenues of $66.5 million for the third quarter of 2016 increased $10.0 million, or 18%, from revenues of $56.5 million in the same period in 2015. Our net loss of $11.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 increased by $1.5 million, as compared to the net loss of $9.8 million in the same period in 2015. The year over year increase in our quarterly revenues was primarily related to increased revenues from digital promotions. Contributing factors to the year over year increase in revenues also included an increasing number of consumers wanting to print from their mobile device, as well as timing of Retailer iQ implementations. The increase in our net loss in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily driven by a one-time charge associated with certain distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner amounting to $7.4 million (discussed in detail further below), and an increase in general and administrative expense, mostly offset by an increase in revenues from digital promotions and decrease in sales and marketing expense. While we continue to make important investments in our technology and infrastructure, we remain focused on operational efficiencies and expense management. 
 Our operating expenses may increase in the future as we continue (1) to invest in (i) research and development to enhance our platform and investments in Quotient Insights; (ii) sales and marketing to acquire new CPG and retailer customers and increase revenues from our existing customers; and, (iii) corporate infrastructure; (2) to incur additional general and administrative expenses associated with being a public company, including increased legal and accounting expenses, higher insurance premiums and compliance costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and (3) to amortize expenses related to intangibles assets associated with a services and data agreement.   
 Non- GAAP Financial Measure and Key Operating Metrics  
 Adjusted Earnings Before Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (Adjusted EBITDA), a non-GAAP financial measure, is a key metric used by our management and board of directors to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to prepare and approve our annual budget, to develop short and long-term operational plans, and to determine bonus payouts. In particular, we believe that the exclusion of the expenses in calculating Adjusted EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business. Additionally, Adjusted EBITDA is a key financial metric used by the compensation committee of our board of directors in connection with the determination of compensation for our executive officers. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. 
 We define a  transaction  as any action that generates revenue, directly or indirectly, including per item transaction fees, set up fees,  volume-based fixed fees and revenue sharing. Transactions continue to exclude retailer offers that generate no direct revenue .  Transactions indirectly generate revenue when the action is not paid for on a per item basis, but is part of an agreement which generates revenue for offer services; for example, transactions after a fixed fee cap has been reached would be included in our definition.  This definition of transaction does not impact the number of transactions reported in prior filings.   While the number of transactions on our platform has been an important indicator of our ability to grow our revenues, as our business continues to evolve and we experiment with different pricing models to monetize transactions, we believe transaction volume on our platform may become a less predictive indicator of future operating performance. 
 Net loss, Adjusted EBITDA and number of transactions for each of the periods presented were as follows (in thousands): 

Our use of Adjusted EBITDA as an analytical tool has limitations, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 

although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements;     

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;     

 21 

Adjusted EBITDA does not consider the potentially dilutive impact of stock-based compensation;     

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us;      

Adjusted EBITDA also does not include the effects of interest, income taxes, gain on sale of a right to use a web domain name, other income (expense), net, one-time charge for certain distribution fees and change in fair value of escrowed shares and contingent consideration, net; and      

other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure.     

 A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, for each of the periods presented is as follows (in thousands): 

This non-GAAP financial measure is not intended to be considered in isolation from, as substitute for, or as superior to, the corresponding financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP. Because of these and other limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should be considered along with GAAP based financial performance measures, including various cash flow metrics, net loss, and our other GAAP financial results. 
   Factors Affecting Our Performance  
   Obtaining high quality coupons and increasing the number of CPG-authorized activations.     Our ability to grow revenue will depend upon our ability to continue to obtain high quality coupons and increase   the   number of CPG-authorized activations available through our platform. If we are unable to obtain high quality coupons and increase the number of CPG-authorized activations, we will not be able to   increase the number of transactions and the growth in our revenue will be adversely affected.   
 Increasing revenue from CPGs on our platform.     Our ability to grow our revenue in the future depends upon our ability to continue to increase revenues from existing CPGs on our platform. This includes increasing our share of CPG spending on overall coupons, media and trade promotions; increasing the number of brands that are using our platform within each CPG; increasing media and advertising spending on our platform; increase our share of retailer spending on coupon codes; and maximizing lifetime value of consumers across all platforms. As transactions grow, volume discounts that we offer to our existing CPGs, may slow our revenue growth or reduce our revenues on a per transaction basis.  
 Variability in promotional spend by CPGs .    Our revenues may fluctuate due to changes in promotional spending budgets of CPGs and retailers and the timing of their promotional spending. Decisions by major CPGs or retailers to delay or reduce their promotional and media spending, move campaigns, or divert spending away from digital promotions or media could slow our revenue growth or reduce our revenues.  
 22 
 
    Ability to scale Retailer iQ and further integrate wi  th Retailers.      Our ability to grow our revenues will depend upon our ability to continue to successfully implement and scale Retailer iQ among retailers. If we are unable to continue to successfully implement Retailer iQ, if the implementation or marketi  ng of Retailer iQ is delayed or it is not adopted and supported with sufficient resources by retailers, the growth in our revenues will be adversely affected, which in turn could impact the recoverability of prepaid non-refundable payments with some of our   Retailer iQ partners. Our ability to grow our revenue in the future is also dependent upon our ability to further integrate digital promotions and media into retailers  loyalty or point of sale systems and other channels so that CPGs and retailers can mor  e effectively engage consumers and drive their own sales.  
 Growth of our consumer selection and digital offerings.     Our ability to grow our revenue in the future will depend on our ability to innovate and invest in promotion and media solutions, including Retailer iQ, mobile solutions for consumers, including digital print, mobile solutions and digital promotion offerings for specialty/franchise retail, including coupon codes, leverage our reach to consumers and the strength of our platform to broaden the selection and use of coupon codes by consumers, manage the transition from digital print coupons to digital paperless coupons as well as the transition from desktop to mobile platforms, and invest in   emerging solutions around our data and analytic capabilities, referred to as Quotient Insights, for CPGs and retailers  .  
   International Growth and Acquisitions .    Our ability to grow our revenues will also depend on our ability to grow our operations and offerings in existing international markets and expand our business through selective acquisitions, similar to our acquisition of Shopmium, and their integration with the core business of the company.  
 Results of Operations  
 The following tables set forth our consolidated results of operations and our consolidated results of operations as a percentage of revenues for the periods presented:   

Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 Revenues  

Revenues for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 increased $10.0 million, or 18%, as compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due to revenue growth in digital promotions. Revenues from digital promotion  
 23 
 
  transactions and digital media campaign  s were 78% and 22% respectively, of total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 74% and 26%, respectively, of total revenues during the same period in   2015. Total digital coupon transactions increased during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016 to 682.1 million from 403.4 million during the same period in 2015.     
 Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $31.9 million, or 19%, as compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was due to the revenue growth in both digital promotions and digital media campaigns. Revenues from digital promotion transactions and digital media campaigns were 77% and 23% respectively, of total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 74% and 26%, respectively, of total revenues during the same period in 2015. Transactions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were 1.8 billion compared to 1.2 billion during the same period in 2015.  
 We expect revenue growth in 2016 from deployments of Retailer iQ and the anticipated marketing campaigns as well as adoption of our platform by consumers.  
 Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit  

Cost of revenues for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 increased $12.3 million, or 54%, as compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to higher distribution fees of $12.1 million attributable to a  one-time charge of $7.4 million associated with certain  distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner, as discussed in Note 2 of the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements, and an increase in fees of $4.7 million primarily due to higher number of transactions completed through our platform, an increase in amortization expense of $1.0 million related to certain exclusive rights acquired under a services and data agreement executed in the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase in expenses related to the acquisition of Shopmium of $0.5 million and an increase in amortization expense of $0.2 million associated with our Retailer iQ platform, partially offset by a decrease in outsourced data center services fees used to support our business of $1.4 million. 
 Gross margin for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 decreased to 47% from 60% as compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a one-time charge related to certain distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner, increase in amortization expense related to certain exclusive rights acquired under a services and data agreement, partially offset by higher revenues, decreased outsourced data center services fees and benefit from leveraging fixed costs. 
   Cost of revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $18.7 million, or 28%, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The year over year increase was primarily due to higher distribution fees of $19.4 million related a one-time charge related to certain distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner of $7.4 million, as discussed in  Note 2 of the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements , and an increase in fees of $12.0 million primarily due to higher number of transactions completed through our platform, an increase in expenses related to the acquisition of Shopmium of $1.5 million, an increase in amortization expense of $1.0 million related to certain exclusive rights acquired under a services and data agreement, and an increase in amortization expense of $0.9 million associated with our Retailer iQ platform, partially offset by a decrease in outsourced data center services fees used to support our business of $3.6 million.  
 Gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased to 57% from 60%, as compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease was primarily due one-time charge associated with certain distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner, increase in amortization expense related to certain exclusive rights acquired under a services and data agreement, partially offset by higher revenues, decreased outsourced data center services fees and benefit from leveraging fixed costs. 
 We expect the costs associated with Retailer iQ to continue to  increase in the future in absolute dollars as we continue to deploy and scale Retailer iQ across retailers. We also expect the costs associated with distribution and third-party service fees, and expenses related to amortization of intangibles to continue to increase in the future as we continue to expand and scale our distribution network and reach.   
 24 
 
    Sales and Marketing   

Sales and marketing expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 decreased $3.0 million, or 13%, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in stock-based compensation expense  of $1.6 million, a decrease in promotional and advertising costs of $1.0 million  as a result from managing our expenses  and a decrease in third party consultation services of $1 .0 million primarily related to non-recurring efforts in prior year to improve  consumer awareness of our brand , partially offset by an increase in personnel costs of $0.6 million due to the acquisition of Shopmium.  
 Sales and marketing expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased approximately $1.3 million, or 2%, as compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in headcount and related expenses of $2.0 million from hiring additional employees to support our growth and business objectives, an increase in promotional and advertising costs of $1.9 million, as a result of our efforts to improve the effectiveness of our distribution channels, and an increase in personnel costs due to the acquisition of Shopmium of $1.9 million, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of $4.8 million.  
 We exp ect sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars in future periods as we continue to incur costs to support our growth and business objectives.  
 Research and Development  

Research and development expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 increased $0.5 million, or 4%, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase was primarily related an increase in personnel costs due to the acquisition of Shopmium, additional  investment we are making in our internal business technology infrastructure and ongoing investment in our research and development facilities , partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation . 
 Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased approximately $1.7 million, or 5%, as compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily related to an increase in headcount and related expenses, and additional investment we are making in our internal business technology infrastructure and ongoing investment in our research and development facilities, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation.  
 We believe  that continued investment in technology is critical to attaining our strategic objectives, considering new product offerings, and, as a result, we expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars in future periods.  
 General and Administrative  

General and administrative expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.7 million, or 20%, as compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase was primarily related to an increase in personnel costs of $2.1 million including stock-based compensation related to a former employee, partially offset by a decrease in third party consultation   
 25 
 
  services of $0.4 million. The increase in personnel costs relating to salaries, stock-based compensation, and employee-related expenses, was   due     to an increase in employee headcount r  equired to support our business growth.   
 General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $7.7 million, or 31%, as compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily related to an increase in personnel costs of $4.9 million,  an increase in expense of $1.0 million relating to a modification of stock options and RSUs granted to a former  employee, an increase in third party consultation services of $1.3 million, and an increase in personnel costs of $0.5 million due to the acquisition of Shopmium, partially offset by a reduction in facilities expense of $0.4 million. The increase in personnel costs relating to salaries, stock-based compensation, and employee-related expenses, was  due to an increase in employee headcount required to support our business growth.     The increase in third party consultation services relating to legal, accounting and regulatory compliance costs was due to our continued effort to invest in corporate infrastructure and incur additional expenses associated with being a public company.  
 We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars in future periods as we continue to invest in corporate infrastructure and incur additional expenses associated with being a public company, including increased legal and accounting costs, higher insurance premiums and compliance costs associated with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 Change in Fair Value of Escrowed Shares and Contingent Consideration  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a charge of $0.1 million and a gain of $1.0 million, respectively, due to the changes in fair value of escrowed shares and contingent consideration. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a loss of $0.2 million due to the increase in fair value of certain shares held in escrow (based on change in the Company s stock price) associated with acquiring certain exclusivity rights under a services and data agreement, which was partially offset by a gain of $0.1 million due to the change in fair value of the Shopmium contingent consideration related to a decline in expected revenue and profit milestones for the years ending December 31, 2016 and 2017. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a gain of $0.9 million due to the change in fair value of Shopmium contingent consideration and a gain of $0.3 million due to the change in fair value of Eckim contingent consideration related to a decrease in the Company s stock price when the Company and the sellers of Eckim agreed on the performance against the milestones and when the shares were issued, which was partially offset by the charge of $0.2 million due to the increase in fair value of certain shares held in escrow related to the change in the Company s stock price. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a gain of $0.2 million and a loss of $1.5 million, respectively, due to the changes in fair value of the contingent consideration of the Eckim acquisition. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration during the three months ended September 30, 2015 was primarily related to the decrease in our stock price. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was primarily driven by the increase in the likelihood of achieving the post-acquisition contractual revenue and profit milestones, partially offset by a decrease in our stock price. 
 26 
 
    Non-Operating Income (Expense)   

*   
 
 Not meaningful.     

 The decrease in interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015 was due to repayment in full of a $7.5 million outstanding debt obligation under a revolving line of credit with a commercial bank in the third quarter of 2015. The change in other income (expense), net during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 is associated with interest income earned on short-term certificate of deposits and foreign exchange rate fluctuations. The gain on sale of a right to use a web domain name during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was the result of a $4.8 million gain realized from the sale of a right to use a web domain name through a competitive public auction process.   
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 

The income tax provision of $0.1 million and $0.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, was primarily attributable to a net increase in deferred tax liabilities associated with the change in fair value of contingent consideration from prior year acquisitions and a decrease in foreign income taxed at non-US tax rates. The income tax benefit of an insignificant amount and $0.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, was primarily attributable to the net decrease in deferred tax liabilities associated with the change in fair value of contingent consideration related to a prior year acquisition. 
 Our federal income tax returns for calendar years 2013 and 2014 are under examination by the Internal Revenue Service. We believe that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from the IRS examination. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had $92.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and $69.1 million in short-term investments , which were held for working capital purposes . Our cash equivalents and short-term investments are comprised primarily of certificate of deposits. As of September 30, 2016, $0.2 million of cash was held by our foreign subsidiaries. We do not presently anticipate a need to repatriate these funds for use in our domestic operations, but if we were to do so, any such repatriated cash and cash equivalents could be subject to U.S. income taxes, less any previously paid foreign income taxes. 
 In the near term, although we intend to continue to manage our operating expenses in line with our existing cash and available financial resources, we anticipate we will incur increased spending in future periods in order to execute our long-term business plan and to support our growth and the costs associated with being a public company. As a public company, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant legal, accounting, regulatory compliance and other costs that we did not incur in the periods prior to our IPO with higher increases in future periods  as we continue to invest in corporate infrastructure and incur additional expenses associated with being a public company, including increased legal and accounting costs, investor relations costs, higher insurance premiums and compliance costs associated with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act . In addition, we may use cash to fund acquisitions or invest in other businesses, repurchase the Company s common stock under the publically announced share repurchase program and incur capital expenditures including leasehold improvements or technologies. 
 27 
 
    In 2015, we terminated our revolving line of credit facility with a commercial bank and paid in full all of $7.5 million outstanding debt obligation under the facility. As of September 30, 2016, there are no am  ounts outstanding or available under the line of credit.   
 In February 2015, our board of directors authorized the Program to repurchase up to $50.0 million of the Company s common stock through February 2016, subject to certain limitations. Through February 2016, a total of $31.3 million in stock was repurchased under this Program. The Program expired in February 2016 with an unused balance of $18.7 million.  In February 2016, our board of directors authorized the New Program to repurchase up to $50.0 million of the Company s common stock through February 2017. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for an aggregate amount of $11.0 million. As of September 30, 2016, $46.9 million remains available for future share repurchases under the New Program.   
 We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. To the extent that current and anticipated future sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and requirements, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 Cash Flows  
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands):  

Operating Activities  
 Cash provided by operating activities is primarily influenced by the amount of cash we invest in personnel and infrastructure to support the anticipated growth of our business and the increase in our revenues. Cash provided by operating activities has typically been due to our net losses and to changes in our operating assets and liabilities, particularly accounts receivable and accrued liabilities, adjusted for non-cash expense items such as depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, one-time charge for certain distribution fees, change in fair value of contingent consideration and gain on sale of a right to use a web domain name.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities of $9.0 million, reflects our net loss of $23.0 million adjusted for net non-cash expenses of $45.0 million, partially offset by cash used as a result of changes in working capital of $13.1 million. Non-cash expenses included depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, one-time charge for certain distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner, change in the fair value of escrowed shares and contingent consideration, loss on disposal of property and equipment, deferred income taxes and recovery from allowance for doubtful accounts. The non-cash expenses were primarily due to depreciation from capital expenditures and headcount growth, primarily related to continued investment in our business, and a one-time charge for certain distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner. The remaining use of cash was from the net change in working capital items, most notably a decrease in accrued compensation and benefits of $5.2 million, an increase in accounts receivable of $4.0 million, a decrease in accounts payable and other current liabilities of $3.7 million, and an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of $0.6 million related to the timing of payments, partially offset by an increase in deferred revenues of $0.4 million.  
   During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $5.5 million, reflecting our net loss of $23.2 million, offset by net non-cash expenses of $33.8 million, partially offset by cash used as a result of changes in working capital of $5.1 million. Non-cash expenses included depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, amortization of debt issuance costs, and change in the fair value of the contingent consideration, offset by a gain on sale of a right to use a web domain name, deferred income taxes and recovery from allowance for doubtful accounts. The remaining use of cash was from the net change in working capital  
 28 
 
  items, most notably a decrease in accrued compensation and benefits of $3.3 million and an i  ncrease in prepaid expenses and other assets of $2.8 million related to the timing of payments, increase in accounts receivable of $2.3 million due to an increase in billing for media campaigns as well as timing of payments, offset by an increase in accoun  ts payable and other current liabilities of $2.1 million and increase in deferred revenues of $1.2 million.  
 Investing Activities  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in investing activities of $49.2 million, primarily reflects purchases of certificates of deposits of $69.1 million, purchases of property and equipment of $5.0 million that includes technology hardware and software, and leasehold improvements to support our growth as well as capitalized development and enhancement costs related to Retailer iQ, partially offset by proceeds from the maturity of a certificate of deposit of $25.0 million. Purchases of property and equipment may vary from period-to-period due to the timing of the expansion of our operations, the addition of headcount and the development cycles of Retailer iQ. We expect to continue to invest in property and equipment and in the further development and enhancement of our software platform for the foreseeable future.  In addition, from time to time, we may consider potential acquisitions that would complement our existing service offerings, enhance our technical capabilities or expand our marketing and sales presence. Any future transaction of this nature could require potentially significant amounts of capital or could require us to issue our stock and dilute existing stockholders.   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash used by investing activities was $4.9 million, reflecting proceeds of $4.8 million from the sale of a right to use a web domain name, offset by $9.4 million in purchases of property and equipment.   
 Financing Activities  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in financing activities of $2.2 million, reflects repurchases of our common stock of $11.8 million, partially offset by proceeds received from exercises of stock options of $9.6 million.  
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, $11.7 million of net cash used in financing activities reflects $4.7 million of proceeds received from exercises of stock options, offset by $8.9 million in repurchases of our common stock and $7.5 million used to terminate and pay off the total debt outstanding on our line of credit. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016.  
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments  
 Refer to Notes 7 and 12 of our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. There have been no significant changes outside the ordinary course of business during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 to our commitments and contingencies disclosed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on March 11, 2016 with the SEC.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates.  
 There were no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015  filed on March 11, 2016 with the SEC.  
 29 
 
    Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such management estimates include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, collectability of accounts receivable, recoverability of non-refundable prepayments, the valuation and useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, goodwill, stock-based compensation, contingent consideration and income taxes. Actual results may differ from the Company s estimates, and such differences may be material to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 When we deliver a digital coupon on a retailer s website or mobile app or through its loyalty program, or the website or mobile app of a publisher, or through our Retailer iQ platform, and the consumer takes certain actions, we pay a distribution fee to the retailer or other publisher, which, in some cases may be prepaid prior to being incurred. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a one-time charge associated for certain distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner. We considered various factors in our assessment including our historical experience with transaction volumes through the retailer and other comparative retailers, ongoing communications with the retailer to increase its marketing efforts to promote the digital platform, as well as the projected revenues, and associated revenue share payments. Accordingly, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized a one-time charge of $7.4 million related to such distribution fees in cost of revenues on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. As of September 30, 2016, we had a remaining non-refundable distribution fee prepayment balance of $0.6 million. 
 Foreign Currency 
 Prior to the first quarter of 2016, the functional currency of each of our international subsidiaries was the local currency, as our international subsidiaries negotiated and managed their business locally with minimal involvement from the U.S. parent entity. 
 Beginning with our first quarter of 2016, the functional currency of certain international subsidiaries changed from the local currency to USD. The change in functional currency was the result of changes in our international strategy primarily resulting from the acquisition of Shopmium S.A. (a private company based in France). We acquired Shopmium S.A. as part of our strategy to broaden our international operations and subsequently, we reviewed our international strategy, including management of our relationships with international CPG brands, evaluation of worldwide competition and our international pricing strategy, our plan to manage future billings and collections for our international customers and our plan to further develop the acquired technology for its subsequent use by various entities. Consequently, as part of our new international strategy and changes to the way the Company runs its business internationally, we modified our existing international structure and entered into various inter-company licensing agreements between our U.S. entity and certain international entities. As these changes were significant, we considered the economic factors outlined in ASC 830,  Foreign Currency Matters,  for the determination of the functional currency. We concluded that most of the factors pointed to the use of the parent s currency (USD) as the functional currency, which resulted in a change in functional currency to USD for such international subsidiaries. 
 The change in functional currency is applied on a prospective basis beginning with our first quarter of 2016 and translation adjustments for prior periods will continue to remain as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.  
 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements  
 Refer to Note 2 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Form 10-Q for further information.  

Item 3.   
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.     

 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no significant changes to our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. Please refer to Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015  filed on March 11, 2016 with the SEC for a more complete discussion on the market risks we encounter.  

30 

Item   4.   
 
          Controls and Procedures.        

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as of September 30, 2016, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level based on their evaluation of these controls and procedures.  
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the third quarter of 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls  
 Our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls are not designed to prevent all errors and all frauds. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.    

31 
 
    PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
   Legal Proceedings.     

 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 12,  Commitments and Contingencies,  of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 1A.   
 
   Risk Factors.     

 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial conditions, and the trading price of our common stock.  
 Risks Related to Our Business  
 We have incurred net losses since inception and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to achieve or subsequently maintain profitability.  
 We have incurred net losses of $26.7 million and $23.4 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and incurred net loss of $23.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We have an accumulated deficit of $241.9 million as of September 30, 2016. We anticipate that our costs and expenses will increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in:    

sales and marketing;        

research and development, including new product development;      

our technology infrastructure;      

general administration, including legal and accounting expenses related to our growth and continued expenses with respect to being a public company;      

efforts to expand into new markets; and      

strategic opportunities, including commercial relationships and acquisitions.      

 For example, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur expenses developing, improving, integrating, marketing, rolling out and maintaining Retailer iQ, which we launched in the early part of 2014, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenues sufficiently to offset these expenses, which impacted the recoverability of prepaid non-refundable payments with some of our Retailer iQ partners amounting to $0.6 million and $7.5 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. During the third quarter of 2016, we recorded a one-time charge associated with certain distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner. We considered various factors in our assessment including our historical experience with the transaction volumes through the retailer and other comparative retailers, ongoing communications with the retailer to increase its marketing efforts to promote the digital platform, as well as the projected revenues, and associated revenue share payments, and based on our review of various factors, we concluded that certain distribution fees would not be recoverable. Accordingly, during the third quarter of 2016, we recorded a loss of $7.4 million related to such distribution fee arrangement.  
 We have incurred expenses related to our data and analytics solutions, Quotient Insights, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenues sufficiently to offset these expenses. If we are unable to gain efficiencies in our operating costs, our business could be adversely impacted. We cannot be certain that we will be able to attain or maintain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. If we are unable to effectively manage these risks and difficulties as we encounter them, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.  
 We may not achieve revenue growth.  
   We may not be able to achieve revenue growth, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to achieve profitability. In addition, historically the growth rate of our business, and as a result, our revenue growth, has varied from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, and we expect that variability to continue. For example, our revenues may fluctuate due to changes in promotional spending budgets of CPGs and retailers and the timing of their promotional spending and we may not always be able to anticipate such fluctuations. Decisions by major CPGs or retailers to delay or reduce their promotional spending or divert spending away from digital promotions, or from our platform, or changes in our fee arrangements with CPGs and retailers, could slow our revenue growth or reduce our revenues. For example, if a greater  
 32 
 
  number of our arrangements with CPGs required us to receive fees upon the actual redemption of digital coupons on our platform rather than activation as is generally done, our revenue growth and revenues could be harmed.   
 We believe that our continued revenue growth will depend on our ability to:    

increase our share of CPG spending on overall coupon and trade promotions, increase the number of brands that are using our platform within each CPG, increase media and advertising spending on our platform, increase our share of retailer spending on coupon codes and maximize the lifetime value of our consumers across all of our products;     

adapt to changes in promotional spending budgets of CPGs and retailers and the timing of their promotional spending;     

further integrate, grow and maintain our digital promotions and media solutions into retailers  in-store and point of sale systems and consumer channels;     

support retailers in the continued marketing and rollout of Retailer iQ;     

grow the number of CPGs and retailers in our current customer base and add new industry segments such as convenience, specialty/franchise retail, restaurants and entertainment;     

grow and maintain our retailer network through direct and indirect partnerships;     

expand the use by consumers of our newest digital promotion and media offerings and broaden the selection and use of digital coupons;     

manage the transition from desktop to mobile devices;     

manage the transition from digital print coupons to digital paperless coupons;      

retain and grow our consumer base when we make product changes, retire old products, and transition to new products;      

obtain and increase the number of high quality coupons;     

grow the number of transactions across our platform;     

expand the number, variety and relevance of digital coupons available on our web, mobile and social channels, as well as those of our CPGs, retailers and network of publishers;     

provide compelling mobile solutions to consumers;     

increase the awareness of our brands, and earn and preserve our reputation;     

hire, integrate and retain talented personnel;     

effectively manage growth in our personnel and operations; and     

successfully compete with existing and new competitors.     

 However, we cannot assure you that we will successfully accomplish any of these actions. Failure to do so could harm our business and cause our operating results to suffer.  
 If we are unable to successfully respond to changes in the digital promotions market and continue to grow the market, our business could be harmed.  
   As consumer demand for digital coupons has increased, promotion spending has shifted from traditional coupons through traditional channels, such as newspapers and direct mail, to digital coupons. However, it is difficult to predict whether the pace of transition from traditional to digital coupons will continue at the same rate and whether the growth of the digital promotions market will continue. In order to expand our business, we must appeal to and attract consumers who historically have used traditional promotions to purchase goods or may prefer alternatives to our offerings, such as those of our competitors. If the demand for digital coupons does not continue to grow as we expect, or if we fail to successfully address this demand, our business will be harmed. For example, the growth of our revenues will require increasing the number of brands that are using our platform within each CPG and further integrating such digital promotions with Retailer iQ. If our projections regarding the adoption and usage of Retailer iQ by retailers, CPGs and consumers, do not occur or are slower than expected, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be harmed. A variety of factors could slow the adoption of Retailer iQ generally, including insufficient time, resources or funds committed by retailers to the implementation and promotion of Retailer iQ, a retailer s decision to delay or forego launching or marketing Retailer iQ, our inability to monetize enhanced Retailer iQ functionality, and our inability  
 33 
 
  to efficiently integrate Retailer iQ with a retailer s system. Even if we are successful in driving the adoption and usage of Retailer iQ by retailers, CPGs and consumers, if Retailer iQ fee arrangements or transaction volumes, or the mix of offe  rs, change or do not meet our projections, our revenues may be harmed. We expect that the market will evolve in ways which may be difficult to predict. It is also possible that digital coupon offerings generally could lose favor with CPGs, retailers or con  sumers. In the event of these or any other changes to the market, our continued success will depend on our ability to successfully adjust our strategy to meet the changing market dynamics. In addition, we will need to continue to grow demand for our digita  l promotions platform by CPGs, retailers and consumers. Also, if our continued innovation and implementation of new initiatives associated with the digital print coupons, including our new mobile print solution, does not grow as we expect, our business may   be harmed. If we are unable to grow or successfully respond to changes in the digital promotions market, our business could be harmed and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. For example, we are seeing a shift in from digital paper coup  ons to digital paperless coupons. Our revenues may be harmed if we are unable to manage this transition and the growth of digital paperless coupons is slower than the decline in digital print coupons.  
 We expect a number of factors to cause our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance.  
   Historically, our revenue growth has varied from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, and we expect that variability to continue. In additio  n, our operating costs and expenses have fluctuated in the past, and we anticipate that our costs and expenses will increase over time as we continue to invest in growing our business and incur additional costs of being a public company. Our operating results could vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year as a result of these and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result we have a limited ability to forecast the amount of future revenues and expenses, which may adversely affect our ability to predict financial results accurately, and our operating results may vary from quarter-to-quarter and may fall below our estimates or the expectations of public market analysts and investors. Fluctuations in our quarterly operating results may lead analysts to change their long-term models for valuing our common stock, cause us to face short-term liquidity issues, impact our ability to retain or attract key personnel or cause other unanticipated issues, all of which could cause our stock price to decline. As a result of the potential variations in our quarterly revenues and operating results, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenues and operating results may not be meaningful and the results of any one quarter or historical patterns should not be considered indicative of our future sales activity, expenditure levels or performance.  
 In addition to other factors discussed in this section, factors that may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results include:  

our ability to grow our revenues by increasing our share of CPG spending and the number of brands using our platform, including Retailer iQ, increasing media and advertising spending on our platform, further integrating with our retailers and increasing the use of retailer coupon codes by consumers, adding new CPGs and retailers to our network and growing our current consumer base and expanding into new industry segments such as convenience, specialty/franchise retail, restaurants and entertainment;     

our ability to successfully respond to changes in the digital promotions and media market and continue to grow the market and demand for our platform;     

our ability to grow consumer selection and use of our digital promotion offerings and attract new consumers to our platform;     

the amount and timing of digital promotions and marketing campaigns by CPGs, which are affected by budget cycles, economic conditions, seasonality and other factors;     

the impact of global business or macroeconomic conditions, including the resulting effects on the level of coupon and trade promotion spending by CPGs and spending by consumers;     

the impact of competitors or competitive products and services, and our ability to compete in the digital promotions market;     

our ability to obtain and increase the number of high quality coupons;     

changes in consumer behavior with respect to digital promotions and how consumers access digital coupons and our ability to develop applications that are widely accepted and generate revenues;     

the costs of investing, maintaining and enhancing our technology infrastructure;     

the costs of developing new products and solutions and enhancements to our platform;     

our ability to manage our growth;     

 34 

the success of our sales and marketing efforts;     

the costs of acquiring new companies which we anticipate will help us grow our business;     

the costs of successfully integrating the acquired company and employees into our operations;     

government regulation of e-commerce and m-commerce and requirements to comply with security and privacy laws and regulations affecting our business, and changes in government regulation affecting our business or our becoming subject to new government regulation;      

our ability to deal effectively with fraudulent transactions or customer disputes;      

the attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel;     

the effectiveness of our internal controls; and     

changes in accounting rules, tax laws or interpretations thereof.     

   The effects of these factors individually or in combination could cause our quarterly and annual operating results to fluctuate, and affect our ability to forecast those results and our ability to achieve those forecasts. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of our investors or financial analysts for any period. We may release guidance in our quarterly earnings conference calls, quarterly earnings releases, or otherwise, based on predictions of our management, which are necessarily uncertain in nature. Our guidance may vary materially from actual results. For example, on October 22, 2015, we issued a press release announcing our preliminary results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2015, which were below consensus estimates for the quarter. If our revenue or operating results, or the rate of growth of our revenue or operating results, fall below the expectations of our investors or financial analysts, or below any forecasts or guidance we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met our own or other publicly stated revenue or earnings forecasts. Our failure to meet our own or other publicly stated revenue or earnings forecasts, or even when we meet our own forecasts but fall short of analyst or investor expectations, could cause our stock price to decline and expose us to costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. Such litigation against us could impose substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources. 
 If we fail to attract and retain CPGs, retailers and publishers and expand our relationships with them, our revenues and business will be harmed.  
 The success of our business depends in part on our ability to increase our share of CPG spending on overall coupons and trade promotions, increase media and advertising spending on our platform, increase the number of brands that are using our platform within each CPG, increase our share of retailer spending on coupon codes, maximize the lifetime value of our consumers across all of our products, and increase adoption and scale of Retailer iQ. It also depends on our ability to further integrate our digital promotions and media solutions into retailers  in-store and point of sale systems and consumer channels, as well as our ability to obtain the right to distribute Retailer iQ digital promotions more broadly through our websites and mobile apps and those of our publishers. In addition, we must acquire new CPGs and retailers in our current customer base and add new industry segments such as convenience, specialty/franchise retail, restaurants and entertainment venues. If CPGs and retailers do not find that offering digital promotions and media and advertising on our platform enables them to reach consumers and sufficiently increase sales with the scale and effectiveness that is compelling to them, CPGs and retailers may not increase their distribution of digital promotions and media on our platform, or they may decrease them or stop offering them altogether, and new CPGs and retailers may decide not to use our platform.  
   For example, if CPGs decide that utilizing our platform provides a less effective means of connecting with consumers, we may not be able to increase our prices or CPGs may pay us less. Likewise, if retailers decide that our platform is less effective at increasing sales to and loyalty of existing and new consumers, retailers may demand a higher percentage of the total proceeds from each digital promotion that is activated or redeemed or demand minimum guaranteed payments .  Furthermore, if existing and new retailers using Retailer iQ do not find that it increases consumer engagement and loyalty, our overall success may be harmed. In addition, we expect to face increased competition, and competitors may accept lower payments from CPGs to attract and acquire new CPGs, or provide retailers and publishers a higher distribution fee than we currently offer to attract and acquire new retailers and publishers. In addition, we may experience attrition in our CPGs, retailers and publishers in the ordinary course of business resulting from several factors, including losses to competitors, changes in CPG budgets, and decisions by CPGs, retailers and publishers to offer digital coupons through their own websites or other channels without using a third-party platform such as ours or through a  
 35 
 
  competitive third party network or platform, and failure to maintain distribution agreements with third party digital pro  motions networks and platforms. If we are unable to retain and expand our relationships with existing CPGs, retailers and publishers or if we fail to attract new CPGs, retailers and publishers to the extent sufficient to grow our business, or if too many C  PGs, retailers and publishers are unwilling to offer digital coupons and media with compelling terms through our platform, we may not increase the number of high quality coupons and marketing campaigns on our platform and our revenues, gross margin and ope  rating results will be adversely affected.        
 If the distribution fees that we pay as a percentage of our revenues increase, our gross profit and business will be harmed.  
 When we deliver a digital coupon on a retailer s website or mobile app or through its loyalty program, or the website or mobile app of a publisher, or through our Retailer iQ platform, and the consumer takes certain actions, we pay a distribution fee to the retailer or other publisher, which, in some cases may be prepaid prior to being incurred. Such fees have increased as a percentage of our revenues in recent periods. If such fees as a percentage of our revenues continue to increase, our cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues could increase and our operating results would be adversely affected. Additionally, if the adoption and usage of Retailer iQ does not meet projections, certain prepaid distribution fees with some of the retailers will not be recoverable. During the third quarter of 2016, we recorded a one-time charge associated with certain distribution fees under an arrangement with a retailer partner that were deemed unrecoverable. We considered various factors in our assessment including our historical experience with the transaction volumes through the retailer and comparative retailers, ongoing communications with the retailer to increase its marketing efforts to promote the digital platform, as well as the projected revenues, and associated revenue share payments. Accordingly, during the third quarter of 2016, we recognized a loss of $7.4 million related to such distribution fee arrangement. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $0.6 million and $7.5 million, respectively, of prepaid non-refundable payments with some of our Retailer iQ partners. 
   If we fail to maintain and expand the use by consumers of digital coupons on our platform, our revenues and business will be harmed.  
 We must continue to maintain and expand the use by consumers of digital coupons in order to increase the attractiveness of our platform to CPGs and retailers and to increase revenues and achieve profitability. If consumers do not perceive that we offer a broad selection of personalized and high quality digital coupons, or that the usage of digital coupons is easy and convenient through our platform, we may not be able to attract or retain consumers on our platform. For instance, we are retiring our coupon printing software and if consumers who use that software do not move to our upgraded print solution or other products or their transition to our other products is slower than anticipated, our revenues could be adversely affected. Further, if there is increased competition for the trade promotions and marketing budgets of CPGs and retailers, the result could be increased pricing pressure. If we are unable to maintain and expand the use by consumers of digital coupons on our platform, including through our mobile print solution and Shopmium cash back application, and do so to a greater extent than our competitors, CPGs may find that offering digital promotions on our platform does not reach consumers with the scale and effectiveness that is compelling to them. Likewise, if retailers find that using our platform, including Retailer iQ, does not increase sales of the promoted products and consumer loyalty to the retailer to the extent they expect, then the revenues we generate may not increase to the extent we expect or may decrease. Any of these would adversely affect our operating results.  
 If we are not successful in responding to changes in consumer behavior and do not develop products and solutions that are widely accepted and generate revenues, our results of operations and business could be adversely affected.  
   The methods by which consumers access digital coupons are varied and evolving. Our platform has been designed to engage consumers at the critical moments when they are choosing the products they will buy and where they will shop. Consumers can select our digital coupons both online through web and mobile and in-store. In order for us to maintain and increase our revenues, we must be a leading provider of digital coupons in each of the forms by which consumers access them. As consumer behavior in accessing digital coupons changes and new distribution channels emerge, if we do not successfully respond and do not develop products or solutions that are widely accepted and generate revenues we may be unable to retain consumers or attract new consumers and as a result, CPGs and retailers, and our business may suffer. For example, our revenue growth was adversely affected in the third quarter of 2015 as compared to the same period in the prior year due in part to the transition from desktop to mobile and an increasing number of consumers wanting to print from their mobile device. Although we have attempted to address this change with the implementation of a solution enabling mobile users to print directly from their devices in the fourth quarter of 2015, there is no guarantee that this solution will be successful in responding to the changing needs of consumers. As another example, we are seeing a  
 36 
 
  transition from digital print coupons to digital paperless coupons. If we do not manage this transition and digital print transactions decline faster than digital paperless transactions increase, our reven  ues may be harmed.  
 Consumers are increasingly using mobile devices to access our content, and if we are unsuccessful in expanding the capabilities of our digital coupon solutions for our mobile platforms to allow us to generate net revenues as effectively as our website platforms, our net revenues could decline.  
 Web usage and the consumption of digital content are increasingly shifting from desktop to mobile platforms such as smartphones and other connected devices. The growth of our business depends in part on our ability to drive engagement, activation and shopping behavior for our retailers and CPGs through these new mobile channels. Our success on mobile platforms will be dependent on our interoperability with popular mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as Android, iOS and Windows Mobile, and any changes in such systems that degrade our functionality, ease of convenience or that give preferential treatment to competitive services could adversely affect usage of our services through mobile devices.  
 Further, to deliver high quality mobile offerings, it is important that our platform integrates with a range of other mobile technologies, systems, networks and standards that we do not control. We may not be successful in developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks or standards. For example, we have rolled out a solution enabling mobile users to print directly from their device, however there is no guarantee that this will result in increased engagement. If we fail to achieve success with our mobile applications and mobile website, or if we otherwise fail to deliver effective solutions to CPGs and retailers for mobile platforms and other emerging platforms, our ability to monetize these growth opportunities will be constrained, and our business, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. 
 Our success on mobile platforms will also be dependent on our ability to develop features or products that will make our mobile platform attractive to, and drive engagement by, consumers.  If we fail to develop such features or products after investing in their development, our ability to monetize these growth opportunities will be constrained, and our business, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected.  
 We depend in part on third-party advertising agencies as intermediaries, and if we fail to maintain these relationships, our business may be harmed.  
 A portion of our business is conducted indirectly with third-party advertising agencies acting on behalf of CPGs and retailers. Third-party advertising agencies are instrumental in assisting CPGs and retailers to plan and purchase advertising and promotions, and each third-party advertising agency generally allocates advertising and promotion spend from CPGs and retailers across numerous channels. We do not have exclusive relationships with third-party advertising agencies and we depend in part on third-party agencies to work with us as they embark on marketing campaigns for CPGs and retailers. While in most cases we have developed relationships directly with CPGs and retailers, we nevertheless depend in part on third-party advertising agencies to present to their CPG and retailer clients the merits of our platform. Inaccurate descriptions of our platform by third-party advertising agencies, over whom we have no control, negative recommendations regarding use of our service offerings or failure to mention our platform at all could hurt our business. In addition, if a third-party advertising agency is disappointed with our platform on a particular campaign or generally, we risk losing the business of the CPG or retailer for whom the campaign was run, and of other CPGs and retailers represented by that agency. Since many third-party advertising agencies are affiliated with other third-party agencies in a larger corporate structure, if we fail to maintain good relations with one third-party advertising agency in such an organization, we may lose business from the affiliated third-party advertising agencies as well.  
 Our sales could be adversely impacted by industry changes relating to the use of third-party advertising agencies. For example, if CPGs or retailers seek to bring their campaigns in-house rather than using an agency, we would need to develop direct relationships with the CPGs or retailers, which we might not be able to do and which could increase our sales and marketing expenses. Moreover, to the extent that we do not have a direct relationship with CPGs or retailers, the value we provide to CPGs and retailers may be attributed to the third-party advertising agency rather than to us, further limiting our ability to develop long-term relationships directly with CPG and retailers. CPGs and retailers may move from one third-party advertising agency to another, and we may lose the underlying business. The presence of third-party advertising agencies as intermediaries between us and the CPGs and retailers thus creates a challenge to building our own brand awareness and affinity with the CPGs and retailers that are the ultimate source of our revenues. In addition, third-party advertising agencies conducting business with us may offer their own digital promotion solutions. As such, these third-party advertising agencies are, or may become, our competitors. If they further develop their own capabilities they may be more likely to offer their own solutions to advertisers, and our ability to compete effectively could be significantly compromised and our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.  
 37 
 
    The loss of any significant customer could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  
 Our business is exposed to risks related to customer concentration, particularly among CPGs.  For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, total revenue from The Procter and Gamble Company accounted for more than 10% of our total revenues.  The loss of any of our significant customers or deterioration in our relations with any of them could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.    
   Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business.  
 We expect competition in digital promotions to continue to increase. The market for digital promotions is competitive, fragmented and rapidly changing. We compete against a variety of companies with respect to different aspects of our business, including:    

traditional offline coupon and discount services, as well as newspapers, magazines and other traditional media companies that provide coupon promotions and discounts on products and services in free standing inserts or other forms, including Valassis Communications, Inc., News America Marketing Interactive, Inc. and Catalina Marketing Corporation;      

providers of digital coupons such as Valassis  Redplum.com, Catalina Marketing Corporation s Cellfire, News America Marketing s SmartSource., Inmar, and companies that offer coupon codes such as RetailMeNot, Inc., Groupon, Inc., Exponential Interactive, Inc. s TechBargains.com, Savings.com, Inc and Ebates Performance Marketing, Inc., companies that offer cash back solutions such as iBotta, Inc., and News America Marketing s Checkout 51, and companies providing other e-commerce based services that allow consumers to obtain direct or indirect discounts on purchases;     

Internet sites that are focused on specific communities or interests that offer coupons or discount arrangements related to such communities or interests;       

companies offering online and marketing services to retailers and CPGs, such as MyWebGrocer, Inc. and Flipp Corp.; and     

companies offering media services, such as Triad Media Inc. and Rich Relevance, Inc.       

 We believe the principal factors that generally determine a company s competitive advantage in our market include the following:  

scale and effectiveness of reach in connecting CPGs and retailers to consumers in a digital manner, through web, mobile and other online properties;     

ability to attract consumers to use digital coupons delivered by it;     

platform security, scalability, reliability and availability;     

number of channels by which a company engages with consumers;     

integration of products and solutions;     

rapid deployment of products and services for customers;     

breadth, quality and relevance of the company s digital coupons;     

ability to deliver high quality and increasing number of digital coupons that are widely available and easy to use in consumers  preferred form;     

integration with retailer applications and point of sales systems;     

brand recognition;     

quality of tools, reporting and analytics for planning, development and optimization of promotions; and     

breadth and expertise of the company s sales organization.     

   We are subject to competition from large, well-established companies which have significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do and have current offerings that may compete with our platform or may choose to offer digital promotions as an add-on to their core business on their own or in partnership with one of our competitors that would directly compete with ours. Many of our larger actual and potential competitors may have the resources to significantly change the nature of the digital promotions industry to their advantage, which could materially disadvantage us. For example, Google, Yahoo!, Microsoft and Facebook and online retailers such as Amazon have highly trafficked  
 38 
 
  industry platforms which they have leveraged, or could l  everage to distribute digital coupons or other digital promotions that could negatively affect our business. In addition, these potential competitors may be able to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in consumer ha  bits. These competitors may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive pricing policies, which may allow them to attract more consumers and, as a result, more CPGs an  d retailers, or generate revenues more effectively than we do. Our competitors may offer digital coupons that are similar to the digital coupons we offer or that achieve greater market acceptance than those we offer. We are also subject to competition from   smaller companies that launch similar or new products and services that we do not offer and that could gain market acceptance.   
   Our success depends on the effectiveness of our platform in connecting CPGs and retailers with consumers and with attracting consumer use of the digital coupons delivered through our platform. To the extent we fail to provide digital coupons for high quality, relevant products, or otherwise fail to successfully reach consumers on their mobile device or elsewhere, consumers may become dissatisfied with our platform and decide not to use our digital coupons and elect to use the digital coupons distributed by one of our competitors. As a result of these factors, our CPGs and retailers may not receive the benefits they expect, and CPGs may use the offerings of one of our competitors and retailers may elect to handle coupons themselves or exclude us from integrating with their in-store and point of sale systems or consumer channels, and our operating results would be adversely affected. Similarly, if retailers elect to use a competitive distribution network or platform and we do not have, or fail to maintain, an agreement to distribute content through that network or platform, CPGs may elect to provide digital coupons directly to that network or platform, instead of through our platform. 
 We also face significant competition for trade promotion and marketing spending. We compete against online and mobile businesses, including those referenced above, and traditional advertising outlets, such as television, radio and print, for trade promotion and marketing spending. In order to grow our revenues and improve our operating results, we must increase our share of CPG spending on digital coupons and media relative to traditional sources and relative to our competitors, many of whom are larger companies that offer more traditional and widely accepted media products.  
 We also directly and indirectly compete with retailers for consumer traffic. Many retailers market and offer their own digital coupons directly to consumers using their own websites, email newsletters and alerts, mobile applications and social media channels. Additionally, some retailers also market and offer their own digital coupons directly to consumers using our platform for which we earn no revenue.  Our retailers could be more successful than we are at marketing their own digital coupons or could decide to terminate their relationship with us.  
 We may face competition from companies we do not yet know about. If existing or new companies develop, market or offer competitive digital coupon solutions, acquire one of our existing competitors or form a strategic alliance with one of our competitors, our ability to compete effectively could be significantly compromised and our operating results could be harmed.  
 If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and financial performance may suffer.  
 We have significantly expanded our operations and anticipate expanding further to pursue our growth strategy. Such expansion increases the complexity of our business and places significant demands on our management, operations, technical performance, financial resources and internal control over financial reporting functions. Continued growth could strain our ability to deliver digital coupons on our platform, develop and improve our operational, financial, legal and management controls, and enhance our reporting systems and procedures. For example, our revenue growth was adversely affected in the third quarter of 2015 as compared to the same period in the prior year due in part to an increasing number of consumers wanting to print from their mobile device. Although we have attempted to address this concern with the implementation of a solution enabling mobile users to print directly from their devices in the fourth quarter of 2015, there is no guarantee that this will result in increased revenue. Failure to manage our expansion may limit our growth, damage our reputation and negatively affect our financial performance and harm our business.  
 To effectively manage this growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures. If we do not effectively manage the growth of our business and operations, the quality and scalability of our platform could suffer.  
   Our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage our future operations. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, motivate and manage required personnel. As we continue to grow, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large number of new employees. We intend to continue to expand our research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative  
 39 
 
  organizations, and over time, expand our international operations. To attract top talent, we have had to offer, and believe we will need   to continue to offer, highly competitive compensation packages before we can validate the productivity of those employees. If we fail to effectively manage our hiring needs and successfully integrate our new hires, our efficiency and ability to meet our fo  recasts and our employee morale, productivity and retention could suffer, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.   
   Providing our products and services to our CPGs, retailers and consumers is costly and we expect our expenses to continue to increase in the future as we grow our business with existing and new CPGs and retailers and develop new products and services that require enhancements to our technology infrastructure. In addition, our operating expenses, such as our sales, marketing and engineering expenses are expected to continue to grow to support our anticipated future growth. As a result of the requirements of being a public company we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. Our expenses may grow faster than our revenues, and our expenses may be greater than we anticipate. Managing our growth will require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed.  
 If we do not effectively grow and train our sales team, we may be unable to add new CPGs and retailers or increase sales to our existing CPGs and retailers and our business will be adversely affected.  
 We continue to be dependent on our sales team to obtain new CPGs and retailers and to drive sales from our existing CPGs and retailers. We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training, integrating and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. New hires require significant training and it may take time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. In addition, if we continue to grow rapidly, a large percentage of our sales team will be new to the company and our solution. If we are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, or the sales personnel are not successful in obtaining new CPGs and retailers or increasing sales to our existing CPGs and retailers, our business will be adversely affected.  
 Our sales cycle with new CPGs and retailers is long and unpredictable and may require us to incur expenses before executing a customer agreement, which makes it difficult to project when, if at all, we will obtain new CPGs and retailers and when we will generate additional revenues from those customers.  
 We market our services and products directly to CPGs and retailers. New CPG and retailer relationships typically take time to obtain and finalize. A significant time period may pass between selection of our services and products by key decision-makers and the signing of a contract. The length of time between the initial sales call and the realization of a final contract is difficult to predict. As a result, it is difficult to predict when we will obtain new CPGs and retailers and when performance and delivery of services will be initiated with these potential CPGs and retailers. As part of our sales cycle, we may incur significant expenses before executing a definitive agreement with a prospective CPG or retailer and before we are able to generate any revenues from such agreement. If conditions in the marketplace generally or with a specific prospective CPG or retailer change negatively, it is possible that no definitive agreement will be executed, and we will be unable to recover any expenses incurred before a definitive agreement is executed, which would in turn have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 The success and scale of Retailer iQ depends, in part, on the level of commitment and support by retailers.   
 If retailers do not commit sufficient time, resources and funds towards the marketing of their digital promotions and programs on Retailer iQ, the growth and scale of Retailer iQ and its penetration into the consumer market will be adversely affected. Further, the successful implementation of Retailer iQ requires integration with a retailer s point of sales system, loyalty programs and consumer channels. These integration efforts require time and effort from both the retailer and ourselves, which also involves our working with third-party systems and solutions, some of whom may be our competitors. We may not be able to integrate and launch Retailer iQ with a retailer s systems in a timely and efficient manner. If we are unable to successfully implement Retailer iQ, which includes increased consumer adoption of Retailer iQ, or it is not adopted, marketed and supported with sufficient resources by retailers, the success and scale of Retailer iQ will be adversely affected, impacting the recoverability of certain prepaid non-refundable payments with some of our retail partners and our revenues and business may suffer. 
 40 
 
      Our business depends on our ability to maintain and scale the network infrastructure necessary to operate our platform, including our websites, mobile applications and   Retailer iQ platform, and any significant disruption in service could result in a loss of CPGs, retailers and consumers.   
 We deliver digital coupons via our platform, including over our websites and mobile applications, as well as through those of our CPGs and retailers and our publishers and other third parties. Our reputation and ability to acquire, retain and serve CPGs and retailers, as well as consumers who use digital coupons or view media on our platform are dependent upon the reliable performance of our platform. As the number of our CPG customers, retailers and consumers and the number of digital promotions and information shared through our platform continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of network capacity and computing power. Our technology infrastructure is hosted across two data centers in co-location facilities in California and Nevada. In addition, we use two other co-location facilities in California and Virginia to host our Retailer iQ platform. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts in our data centers and equipment and related network infrastructure to handle the traffic on our platform. The operation of these systems is expensive and complex and could result in operational failures. In the event that the number of transactions or the amount of traffic on our platform grows more quickly than anticipated, we may be required to incur significant additional costs. Interruptions in these systems or service disruptions, whether due to system failures, computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins, could affect the security or availability of our websites and platform, and prevent CPGs, retailers or consumers from accessing our platform. A substantial portion of our network infrastructure is hosted by third-party providers. Any disruption in these services or any failure of these providers to handle existing or increased traffic could significantly harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face may adversely affect our business, and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. If we do not maintain or expand our network infrastructure successfully or if we experience operational failures, we could lose current and potential CPGs and retailers and consumers, which could harm our operating results and financial condition.  
 If our websites or those of our publishers fail to rank prominently in unpaid search results from search engines like Google, Yahoo! and Bing, traffic to our websites could decline and our business would be adversely affected.  
 Our success depends in part on our ability to attract consumers through unpaid Internet search results on search engines like Google, Yahoo! and Bing. The number of consumers we attract to our websites from search engines is due in large part to how and where our websites rank in unpaid search results. These rankings can be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not in our direct control, and they may change frequently. For example, major search engines frequently modify their ranking algorithms, methodologies or design layouts. As a result, links to our websites may not be prominent enough to drive traffic to our websites or we may receive less favorable placement which could reduce traffic to our website, and we may not know how or otherwise be in a position to influence the results. In some instances, search engine companies may change these rankings in order to promote their own competing products or services or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. Our websites have experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past, and we anticipate fluctuations in the future. In addition, websites must comply with search engine guidelines and policies. These guidelines and policies are complex and may change at any time. If we fail to follow such guidelines and policies properly, search engines may rank our content lower in search results or could remove our content altogether from their index. Any reduction in the number of consumers directed to our websites could reduce the effectiveness of our coupon codes for specialty retailers and digital promotions for CPGs and retailers and could adversely impact our business and results of operations.  
 Factors adversely affecting performance marketing programs and our relationships with performance marketing networks and brand partners, or the termination of these relationships, may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain merchants and our coupon codes business.  
 A portion of our business is based upon consumers using coupon codes in connection with the purchase of goods or services. The commissions we earn for coupon codes accessed through our platform are tracked by performance marketing networks. Third-party performance marketing networks provide publishers with affiliate tracking links that allow for revenues to be attributed to publishers. When a consumer executes a purchase on a publisher s website as a result of a performance marketing program, most performance marketing conversion tracking tools credit the most recent link or ad clicked by the consumer prior to that purchase. This practice is generally known as  last-click attribution.  We generate revenues through transactions for which we receive last-click attribution. Risks that may adversely affect our performance marketing programs and our relationships with performance marketing networks include the following, some of which are outside our control:    

we may not be able to adapt to changes in the way in which CPGs and merchants attribute credit to us in their performance marketing programs, whether it be  first-click attribution  or  multichannel attribution,  which      

 41 

applies weighted values to each of a retailer s adv  ertisements and tracks how each of those advertisements contributed to a purchase, or otherwise;     

we may not receive revenue if consumers make purchases from their mobile devices as many retailers currently do not recognize affiliate tracking links on their mobile-optimized websites or applications, and tracking mechanisms on mobile websites or applications may not function to allow retailers to properly attribute sales to us;     

we may not generate revenue if consumers use mobile devices for shopping research but make purchases using coupon codes found on our sites in ways where we do not get credit;     

refund rates for products delivered on merchant sites may be greater than we estimate;     

performance marketing networks may not provide accurate and timely reporting on which we rely, we could fail to properly recognize and report revenues and misstate financial reports, projections and budgets and misdirect our advertising, marketing and other operating efforts for a portion of our business;     

we primarily rely on a small number of performance marketing networks in non-exclusive arrangements, the loss of which could adversely affect our coupon codes business;     

we primarily rely, in connection with our search engine marketing business, on a small number of brand partners which work with us in non-exclusive arrangements, the loss of which could adversely affect our coupon codes business;     

industry changes relating to the use of performance marketing networks could adversely impact our commission revenues;     

to the extent performance marketing networks serve as intermediaries between us and merchants, it may create challenges to building our own brand awareness and affinity with merchants, and the termination of our relationship with the performance marketing networks would terminate our ability to receive payments from merchants we service through that network; and     

performance marketing networks may compete with us.     

 If we fail to continue to obtain and increase the number of high quality coupons through our platform, our revenue growth or our revenues may be harmed.  
 We generally generate revenues as consumers select, or activate, a digital coupon through our platform. Our business model depends upon the availability of high quality and increasing number of digital coupons. CPGs and retailers have a variety of channels through which to promote their products and services. If CPGs and retailers elect to distribute their digital coupons through other channels or not to promote digital coupons at all, or if our competitors are willing to accept lower prices than we are, our ability to obtain high quality digital coupons available on our platform may be impeded and our business, financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected. If we cannot maintain sufficient digital coupons inventory to offer through our platform, consumers may perceive our service as less relevant, consumer traffic to our websites and those of our publishers will decline and, as a result, CPGs and retailers may decrease their use of our platform to deliver digital coupons and our revenue growth or revenues may be harmed.  
 Our business relies in part on electronic messaging, including emails and SMS text messages, and any technical, legal or other restrictions on the sending of electronic messages or an inability to timely deliver such communications could harm our business.  
 Our business is in part dependent upon electronic messaging. We provide emails, mobile alerts and other messages to consumers informing them of the digital coupons on our websites, and we believe these communications help generate a significant portion of our revenues. Because electronic messaging services are important to our business, if we are unable to successfully deliver electronic messages to consumers, if there are legal restrictions on delivering these messages to consumers, or if consumers do not or cannot open our messages, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. Changes in how webmail applications or other email management tools organize and prioritize email may result in our emails being delivered or routed to a less prominent location in a consumer s inbox or viewed as  spam  by consumers and may reduce the likelihood of that consumer opening our emails. Actions taken by third parties that block, impose restrictions on or charge for the delivery of electronic messages could also harm our business. From time to time, Internet service providers or other third parties may block bulk email transmissions or otherwise experience technical difficulties that result in our inability to successfully deliver emails or other messages to consumers.  
 42 
 
    Changes in laws or regulations, or changes in interpretations of existing laws or regulations, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, or TCPA, in the U  nited States and laws regarding commercial electronic messaging in other jurisdictions, that would limit our ability to send such communications or impose additional requirements upon us in connection with sending such communications could also adversely i  mpact our business. For example, the Federal Communications Commission amended certain of its regulations under the TCPA in recent years in a manner that could increase our exposure to liability for certain types of telephonic communication with customers,   including but not limited to text messages to mobile phones. Under the TCPA, plaintiffs may seek actual monetary loss or statutory damages of $500 per violation, whichever is greater, and courts may treble the damage award for willful or knowing violation  s. Given the enormous number of communications we send to consumers, a determination that there have been violations of the TCPA or other communications-based statutes could expose us to significant damage awards that could, individually or in the aggregat  e, materially harm our business.  
 We also rely on social networking messaging services to send communications. Changes to these social networking services  terms of use or terms of service that limit promotional communications, restrictions that would limit our ability or our customers  ability to send communications through their services, disruptions or downtime experienced by these social networking services or reductions in the use of or engagement with social networking services by customers and potential customers could also harm our business.  
   We rely on a third-party service for the delivery of daily emails and other forms of electronic communication, and delay or errors in the delivery of such emails or other messaging we send may occur and be beyond our control, which could damage our reputation or harm our business, financial condition and operating results. If we were unable to use our current electronic messaging services, alternate services are available; however, we believe our sales could be impacted for some period as we transition to a new provider, and the new provider may be unable to provide equivalent or satisfactory electronic messaging service. Any disruption or restriction on the distribution of our electronic messages, termination or disruption of our relationship with our messaging service providers, including our third-party service that delivers our daily emails, or any increase in our costs associated with our email and other messaging activities could harm our business. 
 We are dependent on technology systems and electronic communications networks that are supplied and managed by third parties, which could result in our inability to prevent or respond to disruptions in our services. 
 Our ability to provide services to consumers depends on our ability to communicate with CPGs, retailers and customers through the public Internet and electronic networks that are owned and operated by third parties. Our products and services also depend on the ability of our users to access the public Internet. In addition, in order to provide services promptly, our computer equipment and network servers must be functional 24 hours per day, which requires access to telecommunications facilities managed by third parties and the availability of electricity, which we do not control. A severe disruption of one or more of these networks, including as a result of utility or third-party system interruptions, could impair our ability to process information, which could impede our ability to provide digital promotions to consumers, harm our reputation, result in a loss of customers or CPGs and retailers and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 If our security measures are compromised, or if our platform is subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of consumers to access our content, CPGs, retailers and consumers may curtail or stop using our platform.  
 We deliver digital coupons via our platform and we collect and maintain data about consumers, including personally identifiable information, as well as other confidential or proprietary information. Like all businesses that use computer systems and the Internet, our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, may not detect or prevent all attempts to hack our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or transmitted by our systems or solutions or that we or our third-party service providers otherwise maintain, including payment systems, any of which could lead to interruptions, delays, or website shutdowns, causing loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure or use of personally identifiable or other confidential information, or subject us to fines or higher transaction fees or limit or result in the termination of our access to certain payment methods. If we experience compromises to our security that result in performance or availability problems, the complete shutdown of one or more of our websites and mobile applications or the loss or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, CPGs, retailers, and consumers may lose trust and confidence in us and decrease their use of our platform or stop using our platform entirely.  
   Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target and may originate from less regulated or remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate  
 43 
 
  preventative measures. In addition, consumer information including email addresses, phone numbers and data on consumer usage o  f our websites and mobile applications could be hacked, hijacked, altered or otherwise claimed or controlled by unauthorized persons. Security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our   employees or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships. Any or all of these issues could negatively impact our reputation and our ability to attract and retain CPGs and retailers as well as consumers or could reduce the frequency with which ou  r platform is used, cause existing or potential CPG or retailer customers to cancel their contracts or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, thereby harming our results of operations.   
 Failure to deal effectively with fraudulent or other improper transactions could harm our business.  
 Digital coupons are issued in the form of redeemable coupons or coupon codes with unique identifiers. It is possible that third parties may create counterfeit digital coupons or coupon codes or exceed print or use limits in order to fraudulently or improperly claim discounts or credits for redemption. While we use advanced anti-fraud technologies, it is possible that individuals will circumvent our anti-fraud systems using increasingly sophisticated methods or methods that our anti-fraud systems are not able to counteract. Further, we may not detect any of these unauthorized activities in a timely manner. Third parties who succeed in circumventing our anti-fraud systems may sell the fraudulent or fraudulently obtained digital coupons on social networks, which would damage our brand and relationships with CPGs and harm our business. Legal measures we take or attempt to take against these third parties may be costly and may not be ultimately successful. In addition, our service could be subject to employee fraud or other internal security breaches, and we may be required to reimburse CPGs and retailers for any funds stolen or revenues lost as a result of such breaches. Our CPGs and retailers could also request reimbursement, or stop using digital coupons, if they are affected by buyer fraud or other types of fraud. We may incur significant losses from fraud and counterfeit digital coupons. If our anti-fraud technical and legal measures do not succeed, our business will suffer. 
   Our business is subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations and industry standards, and unfavorable interpretations of, or changes in, or failure by us to comply with these laws, regulations and industry standards could substantially harm our business and results of operations.  
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and municipal laws, regulations and industry standards that relate to privacy, electronic communications, data protection, intellectual property, e-commerce, competition, price discrimination, consumer protection, taxation, and the use of promotions. Many of these laws, regulations, and standards are still evolving and being tested in courts and industry standards are still developing. Our business, including our ability to operate and expand, could be adversely affected if legislation, regulations or industry standards are adopted, interpreted or implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with our current business practices and that require changes to these practices or the design of our platform. Existing and future laws, regulations and industry standards could restrict our operations, and our ability to retain or increase our CPGs and retailers and consumers  use of digital promotions delivered on our platform may be adversely affected and we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenues as anticipated.  
 If the use of third-party cookies is rejected by Internet users, restricted by third parties outside of our control, or otherwise subject to unfavorable regulation, our performance could decline and we could lose customers and revenue.  
 We use small text files (referred to as "cookies"), placed through an Internet browser on an Internet user's computer and correspond to a data set that we keep on our servers, to gather important data to help deliver our solution. Certain of our cookies, including those that we predominantly use in delivering our solution, are known as "third-party" cookies because they are delivered where we do not have a direct relationship with the Internet user. Our cookies collect anonymous information, such as when an Internet user views an advertisement, clicks on an advertisement, or visits one of our advertisers' websites.  On mobile devices, we may also obtain location based information about the user's device through our cookies.  We use these cookies to achieve our customers' campaign goals, to ensure that the same Internet user does not unintentionally see the same media too frequently, to report aggregate information to our customers regarding the performance of their digital promotions and marketing campaigns, and to detect and prevent fraudulent activity throughout our network. We also use data from cookies to help us decide whether and how much to bid on an opportunity to place an advertisement in a certain Internet location and at a given time in front of a particular Internet user. A lack of data associated with or obtained from cookies may significantly detract from our ability to make decisions about which inventory to purchase for an advertiser's campaign and may undermine the effectiveness of our solution and harm our business.  
     Cookies may easily be deleted or blocked by Internet users. All of the most commonly used Internet browsers (including Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Safari) allow Internet users to prevent cookies from being accepted by  
 44 
 
  their browsers. Internet users can also delete cookies from their computers at any time. Some Internet users also download "ad blocking" software th  at prevents cookies from being stored on a user's computer. If more Internet users adopt these settings or delete their cookies more frequently than they currently do, our business could be harmed. In addition, the Safari browser blocks third-party cookies   by default, the developers of the Firefox browser have announced that a future version of the Firefox browser will also block third-party cookies by default, and other browsers may do so in the future. Unless such default settings in browsers were altered   by Internet users to permit the placement of third-party cookies, we would be able to set fewer of our cookies in users  browsers, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, companies such as Google have publicly disclosed their intention to   move away from cookies to another form of persistent unique identifier, or ID, to identify individual Internet users or Internet-connected devices in the bidding process on advertising exchanges. If companies do not use shared IDs across the entire ecosyst  em, this could have a negative impact on our ability to find the same anonymous user across different web properties, and reduce the effectiveness of our solution.   
 In addition, in the European Union, or EU, Directive 2009/136/EC, commonly referred to as the "Cookie Directive," directs EU member states to ensure that accessing information on an Internet user's computer, such as through a cookie, is allowed only if the Internet user has appropriately given his or her consent. We may  experience challenges in obtaining appropriate consent to our use of cookies from consumers within the EU, which may affect our operating results and business in European markets, and we  may not be able to develop or implement additional tools that compensate for the lack of data associated with cookies. Moreover, even if we are able to do so, such additional tools may be subject to further regulation, time consuming to develop or costly to obtain, and less effective than our current use of cookies.   
 Failure to comply with federal, state and international privacy, data protection, marketing and consumer protection laws, regulations and industry standards, or the expansion of current or the enactment or adoption of new privacy, data protection, marketing and consumer protection laws, regulations or industry standards, could adversely affect our business.  
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state and international laws, regulations and industry standards regarding privacy, data protection, data security, marketing and consumer protection, which address the collection, storing, sharing, using, processing, disclosure and protection of data relating to individuals, as well as the tracking of consumer behavior and other consumer data. Many of these laws, regulations and industry standards are changing and may be subject to differing interpretations, costly to comply with or inconsistent among countries and jurisdictions. For example, the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, expects companies like ours to comply with guidelines issued under the Federal Trade Commission Act that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and storage of consumer information, and establish principles relating to notice, consent, access and data integrity and security. The laws and regulations in many foreign countries relating to privacy, data protection, data security, marketing and consumer protection often are more restrictive than in the United States, and may in some cases be interpreted to have a greater scope. Additionally, the laws, regulations and industry standards, both foreign and domestic, relating to privacy, data protection, data security, marketing and consumer protection are dynamic and may be expanded or replaced by new laws, regulations or industry standards. We believe our policies and practices comply in all material respects with applicable privacy, data protection, data security, marketing and consumer protection guidelines, laws and regulations. However, if our belief is incorrect, or if these guidelines, laws or regulations or their interpretation change or new legislation or regulations are enacted, we may be compelled to provide additional disclosures to our consumers, obtain additional consents from our consumers before collecting, using, or disclosing their information or implement new safeguards to help our consumers manage our use of their information, among other changes.  
 Various industry standards on privacy have been developed and are expected to continue to develop, which may be adopted by industry participants at any time. We are subject to the terms of our privacy policies and obligations to third parties relating to privacy, data protection and data security (including voluntary third-party certification bodies such as TRUSTe), including contractual obligations relating to privacy rights, data protection, data use and data security measures. Certain of our solutions, including Retailer iQ and Quotient Insights, depend in part on our ability to use data that we obtain in connection with our offerings, and our ability to use this data may be subject to restrictions in our commercial agreements and subject to the privacy policies of the entities which provide us with this data. Our failure to adhere to these third-party restrictions on data use may result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by our business counterparties or other parties, or other liabilities, including loss of business, reputational damage, and remediation costs, which could adversely affect our business. We also may be unable to obtain all rights necessary to use data in desired manners in our business, either on commercially reasonable terms or at all. This could limit our ability to provide new offerings or functionality, which also could have an adverse effect on our business and revenue growth.  
     We strive to comply with applicable laws, policies, contractual and other legal obligations and certain applicable industry standards of conduct relating to privacy, data security, data protection, marketing and consumer protection.  
 45 
 
  However, these obligations an  d standards of conduct often are complex and difficult to comply with fully, and it is possible that these obligations and standards of conduct may be interpreted and applied in new ways and/or in a manner that is inconsistent with each other or that new l  aws, regulations or other obligations may be enacted. It is possible that our practices may be argued or held to conflict with applicable laws, policies, contractual or other legal obligations, or applicable industry standards of conduct relating to privac  y, data security, data protection, marketing or consumer protection. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any data-related consent orders, FTC, other regulatory requirements or orders or other federal,   state or, as we continue to expand internationally, international privacy, data security, data protection, marketing or consumer protection-related laws, regulations, contractual obligations or self-regulatory principles or other industry standards could   result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others or other liabilities or could result in a loss of consumers using our digital coupons or loss of CPGs and retailers.  Any of these circumstances could adversely affect o  ur business. Further, if third parties we work with violate applicable laws, our policies or other privacy-related obligations, such violations may also put our consumers  information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business.   
 With respect to personal data transfers from the European Economic Area, or EEA, we have in the past relied on adherence to the U.S. Department of Commerce s Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and compliance with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as agreed to and set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the EU and Switzerland, which established a means for legitimizing the transfer of personally identifiable information by U.S. companies doing business in Europe from the  EEA to the U.S. As a result of an October 2015 decision of the European Union Court of Justice, or ECJ, the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework is now deemed to be an invalid method of compliance with restrictions set forth in the Data Protection Directive (and member states  implementations thereof) regarding the transfer of data outside of the EEA. U.S. and EU authorities reached a political agreement in February 2016 regarding a new means for legitimizing personal data transfers from the EEA to the U.S., the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield. It is unclear, however whether the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield will serve as an appropriate means for us to legitimize personal data transfers from the EEA to the U.S We have engaged in certain actions in an effort to legitimize our transfers of personal data from the EEA to the U.S., and we anticipate engaging in additional activities in an effort to do so going forward. We may continue to be unsuccessful in establishing legitimate means of transferring all personal data from the EEA, we may experience reluctance or refusal by European consumers, retailers or CPGs to continue to use our solutions due to the potential risk exposure to such individuals and organizations as a result of the ECJ ruling, and we and our CPG and retailer partners are at risk of enforcement actions taken by an EU data protection authority until we ensure that all applicable data transfers to us from the EEA are legitimized.  In addition, legislators in the EU recently adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, a new regulation set to become effective in May 2018 that will supersede the 1995 EU Data Protection Directive, and include more stringent operational requirements for processors and controllers of personal data, including payment card information, and impose significant penalties for non-compliance. We may incur liabilities, expenses, costs, and other operational losses when the GDPR is effective and in connection with any measures we take to comply with it. 
 We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the United States and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. Future laws, regulations, standards and other obligations could, for example, impair our ability to collect or use information that we utilize to provide targeted digital promotions and media to consumers, CPGs and retailers, thereby impairing our ability to maintain and grow our total customers and increase revenues. Future restrictions on the collection, use, sharing or disclosure of our users  data or additional requirements for express or implied consent of users for the use and disclosure of such information could require us to modify our solutions, possibly in a material manner, and could limit our ability to develop new solutions and features. Any such new laws, regulations, other legal obligations or industry standards, or any changed interpretation of existing laws, regulations or other standards may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations.  If our measures fail to comply with current or future laws, regulations, policies, legal obligations or industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, data security, marketing or consumer protection, we may be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, fines or other liabilities, as well as negative publicity and a potential loss of business. Moreover, if future laws, regulations, other legal obligations or industry standards, or any changed interpretations of the foregoing limit our users  or CPGs  or retailers  ability to use and share personally identifiable information or our ability to store, process and share personally identifiable information or other data, demand for our solutions could decrease, our costs could increase, our revenue growth could slow, and our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 46 
 
      We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties.   
 We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright and patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees and others to protect our proprietary rights. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we operate. We also may not be able to acquire or maintain appropriate domain names or trademarks in all countries in which we do business. Furthermore, regulations governing domain names may not protect our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from using and registering our trademarks, or trademarks that are similar to, or diminish the value of, our trademark in some countries.  
 We may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. Third parties that license our proprietary rights also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. For example, from time to time we have identified and shut down websites that have attempted to misappropriate our brand and proprietary rights and sell fraudulent digital coupons. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. We are currently involved in litigation and disputes related to our intellectual property and service offerings. We may in the future be subject to additional litigation and disputes. The costs of supporting such litigation and disputes are considerable, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained.  
 In the past, we have been subject to third-party claims of infringement and we expect to be subject to infringement claims in the future. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us or the payment of damages by us. We may need to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we have infringed their rights, but such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims.  
 Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business and results of operations.  
   We regard the protection of our trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, databases, patents and domain names as critical to our success. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, contractual restrictions as well as rights provided under foreign laws. These laws are subject to change at any time and could further restrict our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. We typically enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. Also, from time to time, we make our intellectual property rights available to others under license agreements. However, these contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property may not prevent the misappropriation or disclosure of our proprietary information, infringement of our intellectual property rights or deter independent development of similar technologies by others and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of such misappropriation or infringement.  
 Obtaining and maintaining effective intellectual property rights is expensive, including the costs of defending our rights. We are seeking to protect our intellectual property rights in a number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and may not be successful or which we may not pursue in every location. Even where we have such rights, they may be later found to be unenforceable or have a limited scope of enforceability. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our respective trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may also incur significant costs in enforcing our trademarks against those who attempt to imitate our  Coupons.com  brand and other valuable trademarks and service marks. If we fail to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property rights, our business and operating results may be harmed.  
 47 
 
    Our business depends on strong brands, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if we receive unfavorable media coverage, our ability to retain and expand our number of CPGs, retailers and consumers will be impaired and our   business and operating results will be harmed.   
 We believe that the brand identity that we have developed has significantly contributed to the success of our business. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands are critical to expanding our base of CPGs, retailers and consumers. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to promote and maintain our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business would be harmed. We anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brands may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend on our ability to continue to provide sufficient quantities of reliable, trustworthy and high quality digital coupons, which we may not do successfully.  
 Unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of our websites, platform, practices or service offerings, or the offerings of our CPGs and retailers, could adversely affect our reputation, resulting in difficulties in recruiting, decreased revenues and a negative impact on the number of CPGs and retailers we feature and our user base, the loyalty of our consumers and the number and variety of digital coupons we offer. As a result, our business could be harmed.  
 We may be unable to continue to use the domain names that we use in our business, or prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brand or our trademarks or service marks.  
 We have registered domain names for our websites that we use in our business, such as Quotient.com and Coupons.com. If we lose the ability to use a domain name, whether due to trademark claims, failure to renew the applicable registration, or any other cause, we may be forced to market our products under new domain names, which could cause us substantial harm, or to incur significant expense in order to purchase rights to the domain names in question. In addition, our competitors and others could attempt to capitalize on our brand recognition by using domain names similar to ours. Domain names similar to ours have been registered in the United States and elsewhere. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brand or our trademarks or service marks. Protecting and enforcing our rights in our domain names may require litigation, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and harm our business.  
 Some of our solutions contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software and solutions.  
 We use open source software in our solutions and will use open source software in the future. From time to time, we may face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the open source software and/or derivative works that we developed using such software (which could include our proprietary source code), or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to purchase a costly license or cease offering the implicated solutions unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant additional research and development resources. In addition to risks related to license requirements, use of certain open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could have a negative effect on our business and operating results.  
 Indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement and other losses.  
 Our agreements with CPGs, retailers and other third parties may include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement or other liabilities relating to or arising from our products, services or other contractual obligations. The term of these indemnity provisions generally survives termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. Large indemnity payments could harm our business.  
 48 
 
      Acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution and othe  r harmful consequences.   
 We expect to evaluate and consider a wide array of potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, joint ventures, technologies, services, products and other assets and strategic investments. At any given time, we may be engaged in discussions or negotiations with respect to one or more of these types of transactions. Any of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. We have limited experience managing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses and our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions is unproven. The process of integrating any acquired business may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and is itself risky. The areas where we may face difficulties include:    

expected and unexpected costs incurred in identifying and pursuing strategic transactions and performing due diligence regarding potential strategic transactions that may or may not be successful;     

failure of an acquired company to achieve anticipated revenue, earnings, cash flows or other desired technological and business goals;     

diversion of management time, as well as a shift of focus from operating the businesses to issues related to integration and administration;        

the need to integrate the acquired company s accounting, management, information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not implemented;        

retention of key employees from the acquired company and cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization;        

the need to implement or improve controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company at companies that prior to acquisition had lacked such controls, procedures and policies;        

in some cases, the need to transition operations and customers onto our existing platforms;        

liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including violations of laws, rules and regulations, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities;        

write-offs or charges; and        

litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, users, former stockholders or other third parties and intellectual property infringement claims.        

 For example, we have acquired businesses whose technologies are new to us and with which we did not have significant experience. We have made and are making investments of resources to support such acquisitions, which will result in ongoing operating expenses and may divert resources and management attention from other areas of our business. We cannot assure you that these investments and the integration of these acquisitions will be successful. If we fail to successfully integrate the companies we acquire, we may not realize the benefits expected from the transaction and our business may be harmed. 
 Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of any or all of our acquisitions or joint ventures, or we may not realize them in the time frame expected or cause us to incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business. Future acquisitions or joint ventures may require us to issue dilutive additional equity securities, spend a substantial portion of our available cash, incur debt or contingent liabilities, amortize expenses related to intangible assets or incur incremental operating expenses or write-offs of goodwill or impaired acquired intangible assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations and harm our business.  
 We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired. 
   We are required under GAAP to review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or any other significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. The events and circumstances we consider include the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators and competition. In the future we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our  
 49 
 
  consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined. This could adversely impact our results of operations and harm our busines  s.  
   If we fail to expand effectively in international markets, our revenues and our business may be harmed.  
 We currently generate almost all of our revenues from the United States. We also operate to a limited extent in the United Kingdom, France and other countries in Europe. Many CPGs and retailers on our platform have global operations and we plan to grow our operations and offerings through expansion in existing international markets and by partnering with our CPGs and retailers to enter new geographies that are important to them. Further expansion into international markets will require management attention and resources and we have limited experience entering new geographic markets. Entering new foreign markets will require us to localize our services to conform to a wide variety of local cultures, business practices, laws and policies. The different commercial and Internet infrastructure in other countries may make it more difficult for us to replicate our business model. In some countries, we will compete with local companies that understand the local market better than we do, and we may not benefit from first-to-market advantages. We may not be successful in expanding into particular international markets or in generating revenues from foreign operations. As we expand internationally, we will be subject to risks of doing business internationally, including the following:    

competition with strong local competitors and preference for local providers, or foreign companies entering the same markets;        

the cost and resources required to localize our platform;        

burdens of complying with a wide variety of different laws and regulations, including intellectual property laws and regulation of digital coupon terms, Internet services, privacy and data protection, marketing and consumer protection laws, anti-competition regulations and different liability standards, which may limit or prevent us from offering of our solutions in some jurisdictions or limit our ability to enforce contractual obligations;      

differences in how trade promotion spending is allocated;        

differences in the way digital coupons and advertising are delivered and how consumers access and use digital coupons;        

technology compatibility;        

difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified employees and managing foreign operations;        

different employee/employer relationships and the existence of workers  councils and labor unions;        

shorter payment cycles, different accounting practices and greater problems in collecting accounts receivable;        

higher product return rates;      

seasonal reductions in business activity;        

adverse tax effects and foreign exchange controls making it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash; and        

political and economic instability.        

 Changes in the U.S. taxation of international activities may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial condition and results of operations. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we plan to operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, including our transfer pricing, or determine that the manner in which we operate our business does not achieve the intended tax consequences, which could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operations. Significant judgment will be required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there will be many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. As we expand our business to operate in numerous taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws may be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. It is not uncommon for taxing authorities in different countries to have conflicting views. In addition, tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. In particular, there is uncertainty in relation to the U.S. tax legislation in terms of the future corporate tax rate but also in terms of the U.S. tax consequences of income derived from intellectual property earned overseas in low tax jurisdictions.  
 Our planned corporate structure and intercompany arrangements will be implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. However, the tax benefits which we intend to eventually derive could be undermined if we are unable to adapt the manner in which we operate our business and due to changing tax laws.  
 50 
 
    Our failure to manage these risks and challenges successfully could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.   
   The loss of one or more key members of our management team, or our failure to attract, integrate and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could harm our business.  
 We currently depend on the continued services and performance of the key members of our management team, including Steven R. Boal, our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Boal is one of our founders and his leadership has played an integral role in our growth. Key institutional knowledge remains with a small group of long-term employees and directors whom we may not be able to retain. The loss of key personnel, including key members of management as well as our marketing, sales, product development and technology personnel, could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our ability to grow our business. Moreover, some of our management are new to our team.  
 As we become a more mature company, we may find our recruiting and retention efforts more challenging. We are seeking to continue to hire a significant number of personnel, including certain key management personnel. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively. 
 We are currently or could be exposed in the future to fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates.  
 To date, we have generated almost all of our revenues from within the United States. As a result, we currently do not have significant revenues or expenses in our international operations and we do not hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. However, we plan to grow our operations and offerings through expansion in existing international markets and by partnering with our existing CPGs and retailers to enter new geographies that are important to them. For example, we opened a research and development facility in Bangalore, India and acquired Shopmium S.A., which has research and development operations in Paris, France. As we expand our business outside the United States we will face exposure to adverse movements in currency exchange rates. We will be exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations from the conversion of collections and expenses not denominated in U.S. dollars. If the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies, the conversion of these foreign currency denominated transactions will result in increased revenues, operating expenses and net income. Similarly, if the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the conversion of these foreign currency denominated transaction will result in decreased revenues, operating expenses and net income. As exchange rates vary, sales and other operating results, when translated, may differ materially from expectations. Our risks related to currency fluctuations will increase as our international operations become an increasing portion of our business. In addition, we face exposure to fluctuations in interest rates which may impact our investment income unfavorably.  
 Our use of and reliance on international research and development resources and operations may expose us to unanticipated costs or events 
 We opened a research and development center in India in the first quarter of 2015, and expect to increase our headcount, development and operations activity at this facility, and we acquired Shopmium S.A., which has research and development activity and operations in Paris, France. There is no assurance that our reliance upon international research and development resources and operations will enable us to achieve our research and development and operational goals or greater resource efficiency. Further, our international research and development and operations efforts involve significant risks, including: 

difficulty hiring and retaining appropriate personnel due to intense competition for such resources and resulting wage inflation in the cities where our research and development activities and operations are located;     

the knowledge transfer related to our technology and resulting exposure to misappropriation of intellectual property or information that is proprietary to us, our customers and other third parties;     

heightened exposure to change in the economic, security and political conditions in the countries where our research and development activities and operations are located;     

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and regulatory compliance in the countries where our research and development activities and operations are located;      

delays and inefficiencies caused by geographical separation of our international research and development activities and operations; and     

interruptions to our operations in the countries where our research and development activities and operations are located as a result of floods and other natural catastrophic events as well as manmade problems such as power disruptions or terrorism.     

 51 
 
      Difficulties resul  ting from the factors above could increase our research and development or operational expenses, delay the introduction of new products, or impact our product quality, the occurrence of which could adversely affect our business and operating results.  
 Our business is subject to interruptions, delays or failures resulting from earthquakes, other natural catastrophic events or terrorism.  
 Our headquarters is located in Mountain View, California. Our current technology infrastructure is hosted across two data centers in co-location facilities in California and Nevada. In addition, we use two other co-location facilities in California and Virginia to host our Retailer iQ platform. Our services, operations and the data centers from which we provide our services are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins and similar events. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Acts of terrorism could cause disruptions to the Internet, our business or the economy as a whole. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in certain circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting areas where data centers upon which we rely are located, and our business interruption insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Such disruptions could negatively impact our ability to run our websites, which could harm our business.  
 Our management team has limited experience managing a public company, and regulatory compliance may divert its attention from the day-to-day management of our business.  
 Our management team has limited experience managing a publicly-traded company and limited experience complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition to being a public company that will be subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws. In particular, these new obligations will require substantial attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely impact our business operations.  
 Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited, and our failure to raise capital when needed could prevent us from growing.  
 We may in the future be required to raise capital through public or private financing or other arrangements. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure to raise capital when needed could harm our business. Additional equity financing may dilute the interests of our stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants and could reduce our profitability. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to grow our business or respond to competitive pressures.  
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.  
 In general, under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and similar state law provisions, a corporation that undergoes an  ownership change  is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses, or NOLs, to offset future taxable income. If our existing NOLs are subject to limitations arising from ownership changes, our ability to utilize NOLs could be limited by Section 382 of the Code. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, also could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. There is also a risk that our NOLs could expire, or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities due to changes in the law, including regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs or other unforeseen reasons. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize all of our NOLs, even if we attain profitability. 
 State and foreign laws regulating money transmission could impact our mobile shopping and receipt scanning cash-back application platform. 
 Many states and certain foreign jurisdictions impose license and registration obligations on those companies engaged in the business of money transmission, with varying definitions of what constitutes money transmission. If our mobile shopping and receipt scanning cash-back platform were to subject us to any applicable state or foreign laws, it could subject us to increased compliance costs and delay our ability to offer this product in certain jurisdictions pending receipt of any necessary licenses or registrations. If we need to make product and operational changes in light of these laws, the growth and adoption of this product may be adversely impacted and our revenues may be harmed. 
 52 
 
      Risks Re  lated to Ownership of our Common Stock   
 The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, subject to wide fluctuations and could subject us to litigation.  
 The price of our stock may change in response to variations in our operating results and also may change in response to other factors, including factors specific to technology companies, many of which are beyond our control. As a result, our stock price may experience significant volatility. Among other factors that could affect our stock price are:    

the financial projections that we or analysts may choose to provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure for any reason to meet these projections;        

actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations;        

whether our results of operations meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors;        

the development and sustainability of an active trading market for our common stock;      

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time;        

fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares or the size of our public float;      

success of competitive products or services;      

the public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or others, including our filings with the SEC;        

announcements relating to litigation;      

speculation about our business in the press or the investment community;        

future sales of our common stock by our significant stockholders, officers and directors;        

changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of debt or equity securities;        

our entry into new markets;        

regulatory developments in the United States or foreign countries;        

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; and        

changes in accounting principles.        

 In addition, the stock market in general has experienced substantial price and volume volatility that is often seemingly unrelated to the operating results of any particular companies. Moreover, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences uneven investor confidence, the market price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The market price for our stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry, even if these events do not directly affect us. Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been subject of securities litigation. If we are the subject of such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources.  
 Substantial future sales of shares by our stockholders could negatively affect our stock price.  
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We have approximately 87,755,940 shares of common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016, assuming no exercise of our outstanding options or vesting of our outstanding RSUs.  
 All of the shares of common stock sold in our IPO are freely tradable without restrictions or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares held by our affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act.   
 Our equity incentive plans allow us to issue, among other things, stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units and we have filed a registration statement under the Securities Act to cover the issuance of shares upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under those plans.  
 53 
 
      The concentration of our common stock ownership with our executive officers, directors and affiliates will limit your ability to influ  ence corporate matters.   
 Our executive officers, directors and owners of 5% or more of our outstanding common stock together beneficially own approximately 68% of our outstanding common stock, based on the number of shares outstanding as of June 30, 2016. These stockholders therefore have significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets, for the foreseeable future. This concentrated control limits your ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. This ownership could affect the value of your shares of common stock.  
 Our stock repurchase program could affect the price of our common stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock. 
 In February of 2015, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase shares of our stock having an aggregate value of up to $50.0 million. In February of 2016 our board of directors approved a new share purchase program with a one-year term on terms substantially similar to the program approved in February of 2015. From January 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016, we repurchased $11.0 million in stock under our total authorized amounts under our new and old share purchase programs. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including the timing of open trading windows, price, corporate and regulatory requirements, an assessment by management and our board of directors of cash availability and other market conditions. The stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Repurchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program could affect the price of our common stock and increase its volatility. The existence of our stock repurchase program could also cause the price of our common stock to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our common stock. Additionally, repurchases under our stock repurchase program will diminish our cash reserves, which could impact our ability to further develop our technology, access and/or retrofit additional facilities and service our indebtedness. There can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased such shares. Any failure to repurchase shares after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation and investor confidence in us and may negatively impact our stock price. Although our stock repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired.  
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources.  
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we will be required to include in our periodic reports we will file with the SEC under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In the event that we are not able to demonstrate compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, that our internal control over financial reporting is perceived as inadequate or that we are unable to produce timely or accurate financial statements, investors may lose confidence in our operating results and our stock price could decline.  
 54 
 
      Our current controls and any new contr  ols that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain   effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and could result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior perio  ds. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of management evaluations and independent registered public accounting firm audits of our internal control over financial   reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in   our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the NYSE.   
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to audit the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective.  
 Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could have a material and adverse effect on our business and operating results, and cause a decline in the price of our common stock.  
 We are an  emerging growth company  and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors.  
 We are an  emerging growth company , as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies  including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced financial disclosure obligations, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these provisions for up to five years or such earlier time that we are no longer an  emerging growth company.  We would cease to be an  emerging growth company  upon the earliest to occur of: the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than $1.0 billion in annual revenues; the date we are deemed a  large accelerated filer  as defined in the Exchange Act; and the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our IPO. We may choose to take advantage of some but not all of these reduced reporting burdens. If we take advantage of any of these reduced reporting burdens in future filings, the information that we provide our security holders may be different than you might get from other public companies in which you hold equity interests. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.  
 If securities analysts do not publish research or if securities analysts or other third parties publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, the price of our common stock could decline.  
 The trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that securities analysts and other third parties choose to publish about us. We do not control these analysts or other third parties. The price of our common stock could decline if one or more securities analysts downgrade our common stock or if one or more securities analysts or other third parties publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us or cease publishing reports about us.  
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.  
 We intend to retain all of our earnings for the foreseeable future to finance the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock. As a result, you can expect to receive a return on your investment in our common stock only if the market price of the stock increases.  
 55 
 
      Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favo  rable.   
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Amongst other things, these provisions:    

authorize the issuance of  blank check  preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to defend against a takeover attempt;        

establish a classified board of directors, as a result of which the successors to the directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following their election;        

require that directors only be removed from office for cause and only upon a majority stockholder vote;        

provide that vacancies on the board of directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office rather than by stockholders;        

prevent stockholders from calling special meetings; and      

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders.        

 In addition, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a broad range of business combinations with any  interested  stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder becomes an  interested  stockholder.  

I  tem 2.   
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.     

 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities  
 On August 3, 2016 the Company agreed to issue 3,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the  Transaction Shares ) pursuant to a services and data agreement (the  Services Agreement ) as partial consideration for certain rights provided thereunder. 1,000,000 of the Transaction Shares were issued on August 10, 2016. The remaining 2,000,000 of the Transaction Shares (the  Additional Shares ) were placed in escrow. Subject to compliance with the Services Agreement, half of the Additional Shares shall be released from escrow within 15 business days of the end of 2017 and 2018. 
 The issuance and sale of the Transaction Shares are exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder. The recipient of the Transaction Shares is an  accredited investor  as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act and represented that the common stock is being acquired for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends will be affixed to any certificates evidencing the shares of common stock issued. 
 Use of Proceeds from Public Offering of Common Stock  
 In March 2014, the Company completed its IPO pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-193692) in which it issued and sold 12,075,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $16.00 per share. The Company received net proceeds of $179.7 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $13.5 million, but before deducting offering expenses of $5.4 million. 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on March 7, 2014 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act. Pending the uses described, we maintain the cash received in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 
 56 
 
    Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Item 3.   
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities.     

 None.  

Item 4.   
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures.     

 Not applicable.  

Item 5.   
 
   Other Information.     

    5(a) 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we discovered that certain equity awards that were granted by our board of directors, or the compensation committee of our board of directors, had been executed with forms of award that were not previously approved by our compensation committee and filed with the SEC. The differences of the terms of the equity awards between the previously filed forms and the forms used are not significant, did not have any impact on the valuation of the equity awards, and our compensation committee has taken action to ratify the use of the forms used. The ratified forms are filed with this Form 10-Q as Exhibits 10.6, 10.7 and 10.8. 

Item 6.   
 
 Exhibits.     

 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
   
 57 
 
      SIGNATURES     
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC.  

Dated: November 8, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Steven R. Boal  

Steven R. Boal  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Dated: November 8, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Ronald J. Fior  

Ronald J. Fior  

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer  and Principal Accounting Officer )  

58 
 
    Exhibit Index   

59 

Incorporated by Reference  

Number  

Exhibit Title  

Form  

File No.  

Exhibit  

Filing 
 Date  

Filed 
 Herewith  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

X  

*     Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement  

60  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 quot-ex101_260.htm
 EX-10.1 TERMS OF SEPARATION & RELEASE OF CLAIMS WITH JENNIFER CERAN

quot-ex101_260.htm

Exhibit 10.1 
 August 1, 2016 
 Jennifer Ceran 
  Re:   Terms of Separation   Release of Claims  
   Dear Jenny: 
   This letter agreement ( Agreement ) confirms the terms on which you will transition from, and then leave the employment of Quotient Technology Inc. (f/k/a Coupons.com Incorporated) ( Quotient  or the  Company ). At times, this Agreement refers to you as  Employee." 
 1.  Separation Date :  If you enter into this Agreement and it becomes effective (as defined below), your last day of employment with the Company will be on September 8, 2016 (the  Separation Date ). 
   2.  Continued Employment; Other Release Consideration :  In consideration of your execution of this Agreement (and it becoming effective and irrevocable), your execution of the Supplemental Release attached as  Exhibit A  by the 22 nd  day after the Separation Date (and it becoming effective and irrevocable), your performance of the Transition Services and your other promises herein (including your continued compliance with Sections 5 and 6 of this Agreement): 
 a.  Transition Period and Services :  Between August 10, 2016, and the Separation Date (the  Transition Period ), you agree to: (i) reasonably and cooperatively transition your duties as directed by the Company; and (ii) abide by your ongoing employment obligations to the Company, including as described in Sections 5 and 6 below (collectively, the  Transition Services ). Your employment will continue as a Special Advisor during the Transition Period. During the Transition Period, the Company will provide express instructions to you on the work it expects you to perform. In the absence of an express request by the Company, you are not expected to be present at the Company s offices and may work from home.  You agree to spend an average of 30 hours a week during the Transition Period working for the Company.   
 b.  Transition Compensation and Benefits :  During the Transition Period, the Company will pay you 100% of your current regular base salary (collectively, the  Transition Salary ), and you will continue to be eligible to participate in benefits customarily afforded to other Company employees, including participation in health insurance benefits plans to the fullest extent allowed by the plans. 
   c.  Continued Vesting of Equity Awards .  You hold outstanding stock options and restricted stock units awards ( Equity Awards ) under the Company s equity compensation plans and individual award agreements (collectively, the  Equity Award Agreements ), as set forth on  Exhibit B . By your signature to this Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that the Equity Awards set forth on  Exhibit B  represent all of your outstanding rights to Company equity securities.  Vesting of the Equity Awards will cease upon your termination of employment.  If a  

change in control is consummated prior to the Separation Date and the successor company does not assume your Equity Awards, then they will fully vest immediately prior to the change in control.  
 d.  Separation from Employment Following Execution of this Agreement and During the Transition Period .  Employee s employment during the period following the date on which she executes this Agreement, including during the Transition Period, shall continue until the Separation Date unless Employee voluntarily separates from employment with the Company or Company has Good Cause to terminate Employee. If Employee voluntarily separates from employment prior to September 8, 2016, she waives any right to be paid the Transition Salary for the period following the date on which she voluntarily separates from employment and to any unvested Equity Awards; however, Employee would receive the separation benefits set forth in Section 2(e)(i) if she executes the Supplemental Release and it becomes effective. If the Company terminates the Employee for Good Cause or Employee voluntarily separates from employment prior to August 9, 2016, Employee forfeits and waives the right to any unpaid portion of the Transition Salary, to any unvested Equity Awards, and to the severance benefits set forth in Section 2(e).  Good Cause  for purpose of this section shall be defined as Employee s material breach of the Confidentiality Agreement, material breach of Sections 2(a), 5, 6 or 10 of this Agreement, material failure to perform Employee s duties as Chief Financial Officer, material failure to provide the Transition Services, actions that may harm the Company, violation of Company policy or agreement, theft, embezzlement, or fraud or any material act of dishonesty or willful misfeasance in connection with Employee s activities on behalf of Company. 
 e.  Separation Benefits :  If in good faith you cooperatively and diligently provide the Transition Services set forth in this Agreement and execute the Supplemental Release, the Company will, upon the effectiveness of the Supplemental Release, provide you with the following: 
 i.  Severance . The Company agrees to pay you a lump sum in the gross amount of $ 248,667 , less applicable deductions and withholding, which constitutes  eight (8) months  of your current regular base salary.  This payment shall be made to you within ten (10) business days following the effective date of the Supplemental Release. 
 ii.  Unemployment Claim .  The Company agrees not to contest any unemployment insurance claim you may file after the Separation Date though it will respond truthfully to any inquiries it receives from the applicable unemployment division office regarding your employment. Nothing in this section shall prohibit or impair you or the Company from complying with all applicable laws, nor shall this Agreement be construed to obligate either party to commit (or aid or abet in the commission of) any unlawful act. 
 f.  Acknowledgement .  By signing below, you acknowledge that you are receiving the consideration outlined in this Section 2 in consideration for waiving your rights to claims and your covenant not to sue referred to in this Agreement.  You further acknowledge that you would not otherwise be entitled to this consideration and that, except for the consideration in Section 2(e), you are not entitled to and will not receive any additional compensation, severance, or benefits after the Separation Date.   

3.   Benefits  :  Your health insurance benefits shall cease on the last day of the month in which your Separation Date occurs, subject to your right to continue your health insurance under COBRA.  Your participation in all benefits and incidents of employment, including, but not limited to, vesting in stock options and restricted stock units, will cease as of the Separation Date.  
 4.  Return of Company Property :  Upon the Separation Date, or upon the Company s request ,you agree to return to the Company all property or data of the Company of any type whatsoever that has been in your possession or control at any time, including, but not limited to, Company files, notes, drawings, records, business plans and forecasts, financial information, specifications, computer-recorded information, tangible property (including, but not limited to, computers, cell phones or PDAs), credit cards, entry cards, identification badges, keys, and any materials of any kind that contain or embody proprietary or confidential information of the Company (and all reproductions thereof).   
   5.  Confidential Information :   
 a. You hereby reaffirm and agree to abide by the terms of the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement (the  Confidentiality Agreement ) that you signed on or around August 4, 2015 (the  Confidentiality Agreement ), specifically including the provisions therein regarding nondisclosure of the Company s trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information. You acknowledge that as a result of your employment with the Company you have had access to the Company s Proprietary Information (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement), that you will hold all Proprietary Information in strictest confidence and that you will not make use of such Proprietary Information on behalf of anyone.   
   6.  Non-Solicitation : You further agree that for a period twelve (12) months immediately following the Separation Date, you will not, either directly or indirectly, solicit any of the Company s employees to leave their employment or attempt to solicit employees of the Company, either for yourself or for any other person or entity. 
   7.  General Release and Waiver of Claims :   
   a. In exchange for the consideration provided under Section 2 (Continued Employment; Other Release Consideration) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law, you hereby release and waive any and all claims, whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected that you may possess against the Company and its current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, attorneys, shareholders, administrators, affiliates, benefit plans, plan administrators, insurers, trustees, divisions, and subsidiaries, and predecessor and successor corporations and assigns (collectively the  Releasees ), including, but not limited to, the following: (a) claims arising under the federal or any state constitution; (b) claims arising under the federal or any state or municipal statute, including but not limited to the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), the California Family Rights Act (CFRA), the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), the California Labor Code, Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, as amended, and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act;  (c) claims arising under  

federal, state or local laws prohibiting discrimination   in employment; (d)   claims for wrongful termination, breach of contract, breach of public policy, physical or mental harm or distress, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, negligence, defamation;   (e)   any claim for attorneys  fees and costs; (f) any and all claims relating to, or arising from, your right to purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company; and (g) any and all other claims arising from your employment or other business relationship with the Company or the termination of that relationship. You agree that you will not file any legal action asserting any such claims, such as by suing or in any manner instituting, prosecuting, or pursuing any claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind.  You agree that the release set forth in this section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released.  This release does not extend to any obligations incurred under this Agreement.  This release does not release claims that cannot be released as a matter of law.  
 b. You acknowledge that you have been advised to consult with legal counsel and are familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542, a statute that otherwise prohibits the release of unknown claims. By signing below, you expressly waive any benefits of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, or other state statute or common law principles of similar effect, which provides as follows: 
  A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.  
 Being aware of said code section, you agree to expressly waive any rights you may have thereunder, as well as under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect. 
 c. Employee does not intend to release claims that she may not release as a matter of law, including but not limited to claims for indemnity under California Labor Code section 2802.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, any dispute regarding the scope of this general release shall be determined by an arbitrator under the procedures set forth in the arbitration clause below. 
         8.  ADEA Waiver:     You acknowledge that you are knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing any rights you may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ( ADEA Waiver ).  You also acknowledge that the separation compensation given for the ADEA Waiver is in addition to anything of value to which you were already entitled.  You further acknowledge and agree that you have been advised by this writing, as required by the ADEA, that:  (a) your ADEA Waiver does not apply to any rights or claims that arise after the Effective Date of this Agreement; (b) you should consult with an attorney  prior  to signing this Agreement; (c) you have twenty-one (21) days to consider this Agreement (although you may choose to waive the time period allotted for considering this Agreement and voluntarily sign it sooner); (d) you have seven (7) days following the date you sign this Agreement to revoke the ADEA Waiver (in a written revocation sent to me); (f) the ADEA Waiver will not be effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired, which will be the eighth (8 th ) day after you sign this Agreement provided that you have not otherwise exercised your right to  

revoke the agreement    ; and (g) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes you from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this ADEA Waiver, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. The parties agree that changes, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the 21-day period. Lastly, your general release of claims, except for the ADEA Waiver, is effective immediately and not revocable.    Covenant Not to Sue  :      
 a. To the fullest extent permitted by law, at no time subsequent to the execution of this Agreement will Employee pursue, or cause or knowingly permit the prosecution, in any state, federal or foreign court, or before any local, state, federal or foreign administrative agency, or any other tribunal, any charge, claim or action of any kind, nature and character whatsoever, known or unknown, which she may now have, have ever had, or may in the future have against Releasees, which is based in whole or in part on any matter covered by this Agreement. By signing below Employee represents that she has no lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in her name, or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the Company or any of the other Releasees.  Employee also represents that she does not intend to bring any claims on her own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity against the Company or any of the other Releasees. The Company represents that it currently has no lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in its name, or on behalf of any person or entity, against Employee. 
 b. Nothing in this section shall prohibit you from filing a charge or complaint with or participate in a charge by a government agency such as but not limited to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the National Labor Relations Board, any other local, state, or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, against the Company.  However, you understand and agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you are releasing any and all individual claims for relief and that you will not accept any monetary judgment from such a claim.  You further understand that any and all subsequent disputes between you and the Company, including but not limited to, wage disputes, shall be resolved through arbitration as provided below, except as required by applicable law.  By signing below, you represent that you have made no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, cause of action, or other matter waived or released by this Agreement. 
     9.  Nondisparagement :  You agree that you will refrain from any disparagement, defamation, libel, or slander of any of the Releasees.  You further agree to refrain from any tortious interference with the contracts and relationships of any of the Releasees. The Company agrees that it will direct Steven Boal and Mir Aamir to refrain from any disparagement, defamation, libel, or slander of Employee for so long as each is an employee or director or officer of the Company. In addition, for the next year, upon your reasonable request, Steven Boal will provide information about Employee to a prospective employer so long as she agrees to release and hold harmless both Mr. Boal and the Company from any and all liability that may potentially result from the release and/or use of such information. This information shall include, but is not limited to, Mr. Boal s truthful assessment of Employee s accomplishments at the Company while serving as the Company s CFO, Employee s strengths in this position and as an administrator, and Employee s areas for improvement. Nothing in this section shall prohibit Employee, the Company, and Messrs. Boal and Aamir from providing truthful information in response to a subpoena or other legal process.  Employee agrees promptly to notify the Company upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order, and to furnish, within three (3)  

business days of its receipt, a copy of such subpoena or other court order. If approached by anyone for counsel or assistance in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints against any of the Releasees, Employee agrees to state no more than that she cannot provide counsel or assistance. Also, Employee agrees that she will not knowingly encourage, counsel, or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against any of the Releasees, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in this Agreement.  
             10.  Arbitration     :          THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO, THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, AND ANY OF THE MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, BEFORE JUDICIAL ARBITRATION   MEDIATION SERVICES ( JAMS ), PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES   PROCEDURES ( JAMS RULES ) AND SHALL BE BROUGHT IN EMPLOYEE S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF, REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, COLLECTIVE OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.  THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, EMPLOYEE UNDERSTANDS THAT EMPLOYEE MAY BRING A PROCEEDING AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL AS PERMITTED BY LAW.  THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ADMINISTER AND CONDUCT ANY ARBITRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH CALIFORNIA LAW, INCLUDING THE CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE, AND THE ARBITRATOR SHALL APPLY SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL CALIFORNIA LAW TO ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ANY CONFLICT-OF-LAW PROVISIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION.  TO THE EXTENT THAT THE JAMS RULES CONFLICT WITH CALIFORNIA LAW, CALIFORNIA LAW SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE.  THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL, CONCLUSIVE, AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION.  THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD.  THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, AND EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL AWARD ATTORNEYS  FEES AND COSTS TO THE PREVAILING PARTY, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW.  THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.  SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN. 

11.   Tax Consequences  :  The Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the tax consequences of the payments and any other consideration provided to you or made on your behalf under the terms of this Agreement.  You agree and understand that you are responsible for payment, if any, of local, state, and/or federal taxes on the payments and any other consideration provided hereunder by the Company and any penalties or assessments thereon.  You further agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any claims, demands, deficiencies, penalties, interest, assessments, executions, judgments, or recoveries by any government agency against the Company for any amounts claimed due on account of (a) your failure to pay or delayed payment of federal or state taxes, or (b) damages sustained by the Company by reason of any such claims, including attorneys  fees and costs.  
 12.  Section 409A : The Company intends that all payments under the Agreement are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended and the final Treasury Regulations and official IRS guidance thereunder (collectively,  Section 409A ). To the extent it is necessary to avoid subjecting you to an additional tax under Section 409A, payment of all or a portion of the severance-related amounts described in this Agreement and any other separation payments or separation benefits, that in each case, when considered together are considered deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A (collectively,  Deferred Payments ) will be delayed until the date that is six months and one day following your separation from service; provided, however, that in the event of your death following your separation from service but before the six month anniversary of your separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this sentence will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of your death, and any other payments or benefits due will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to them. You and the Company agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to you under Section 409A. However, the Company does not guarantee that any payments or benefits under this Agreement or otherwise comply with Section 409A and you are solely responsible for the payment of all taxes owed on account of all such payments and benefits. 
 13.  Attorneys  Fees :  Except with regard to a legal action challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA Waiver, if any action is brought to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys  fees, costs and expenses from the other party, in addition to any other relief to which the prevailing party may be entitled. 
 14.  Breach :  In addition to the rights provided in the  Attorneys  Fees  section above, you acknowledge and agree that any material breach of this Agreement, unless such breach constitutes a legal action by you challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the waiver herein under the ADEA, or of any provision of the Confidentiality Agreement shall entitle the Company immediately to recover and/or cease providing the consideration provided to you under this Agreement and to obtain damages, except as prohibited by law. 

15.   No Mitigation or Set-Off  .  Employee shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payments due to be paid by Company under this Agreement, and the Company s obligations to make payments under this Agreement shall not be reduced or otherwise affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or any other claim, right or action which the Company may have, or otherwise assert against Employee  
 16.  No Admission of Liability :  This Agreement is not and shall not be construed or contended by you to be an admission or evidence of any wrongdoing or liability on the part of the Releasees.  Consistent with the foregoing, you further agree that neither this Agreement nor the fact of its delivery to you shall be admissible in any proceeding as evidence of unlawful or improper conduct by the Company.  The Company expressly disclaims any liability to you arising out of your employment with, or separation of employment from, the Company, or otherwise. This Agreement shall be afforded the maximum protection allowable under California Evidence Code Section 1152 and/or any other state or federal provisions of similar effect. 
 17.  Complete and Voluntary Agreement :  This Agreement, together with the Confidentiality Agreement, any Equity Award Agreements, and Exhibit A hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between you and Releasees with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations and agreements, whether written or oral, relating to such subject matter, including but not limited to, the employment offer letter.  Employee acknowledges that neither Releasees nor their agents or attorneys have made any promise, representation or warranty whatsoever, either express or implied, written or oral, which is not contained in this Agreement for the purpose of inducing her to execute the Agreement, and she acknowledges that she has executed this Agreement in reliance only upon such promises, representations and warranties as are contained herein, and that she is executing this Agreement voluntarily, free of any duress or coercion.  Specifically, Employee acknowledges that: (a) she has read this Agreement; (b) she has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of her own choice; (c) Employee understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains; and (d) Employee is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. In addition, the Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and to bind the Company and all who may claim through it to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Employee represents and warrants that she has the capacity to act on her own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through her to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Employee and the Company warrant and represent that there are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise of or against any of the claims or causes of action released herein. 
 18.  Severability :  The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any part of it is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the other parts shall remain fully valid and enforceable.  Specifically, should a court, arbitrator, or government agency conclude that a particular claim may not be released as a matter of law, this Agreement, including but not limited to the general release, the waiver of unknown claims and the covenant not to sue, shall continue in full force and effect. 
   19.  Modification; Counterparts; Facsimile/PDF Signatures :  It is expressly agreed that this Agreement may not be altered, amended, modified, or otherwise changed in any respect  

except by another written agreement that specifically refers to this Agreement, executed by authorized representatives of each of the parties to this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Execution of a facsimile or PDF copy shall have the same force and effect as execution of an original.  
 20.  Effective Date :  You have twenty-one (21) days to consider and execute this Agreement. Both you and the Company will have seven (7) days after you sign this Agreement to revoke it. This Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8 th ) day after it has been signed by you, so long as it has also been signed by the Company and has not been revoked before that date (the  Effective Date ). 
 21.  Governing Law :  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard for choice-of-law provisions.  You consent to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the State of California. 
 22.  Protected Activity Not Prohibited :  You understand that nothing in this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement shall in any way limit or prohibit you from engaging for a lawful purpose in any Protected Activity.  For purposes of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement,  Protected Activity  shall mean filing a charge or complaint, or otherwise communicating, cooperating, or participating with, any state, federal, or other governmental agency, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and the National Labor Relations Board.  Notwithstanding any restrictions set forth in this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement, you understand that you are not required to obtain authorization from the Company prior to disclosing information to, or communicating with, such agencies, nor are you obligated to advise the Company as to any such disclosures or communications.  Notwithstanding, in making any such disclosures or communications, you agree to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any information that may constitute Company Confidential Information under the Confidentiality Agreement to any parties other than the relevant government agencies.  You further understand that  Protected Activity  does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged communications, and that any such disclosure without the Company s written consent shall constitute a breach of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement.  In addition, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you are notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official (directly or indirectly) or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if (and only if) such filing is made under seal. In addition, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the individual s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

AGREED:  

QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC.  

By:  

/s/ Michael Carrillo Bourque  

Michael Carrillo Bourque  

VP of Human Resources  

By signing below, you acknowledge and agree that you have carefully read this Agreement, including the waivers, releases and obligations described in this Agreement, that you understand its final and binding effect, and that the only promises made to you to sign this Agreement are those stated herein and you are signing this Agreement voluntarily, without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing Quotient Technology Inc. of all claims. 

READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED  

/s/ Jennifer Ceran  

Jennifer Ceran  

Date: August 2, 2016  

EXHIBIT A  
 SUPPLEMENTAL RELEASE 
 This Supplemental Release Agreement ( Supplemental Release ) is made by and between Jennifer Ceran ( Employee ) and Quotient Technology Inc. (f/k/a Coupons.com Incorporated) ( Company ) (jointly referred to as the  Parties ). Terms capitalized herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Terms of Separation   Release of Claims dated ___________, 2016 (the  Agreement ) by and between the Parties to which this Exhibit is attached. 

1.   
 
 In consideration for the severance benefits described in Section 2(e) of the Agreement, Employee hereby extends her release and waiver of claims to any claims that may have arisen between the Effective Date (as defined in the Agreement) and the Supplemental Release Effective Date (as defined below).    

2.   
 
 Employee and Company acknowledge that the terms of the Agreement, including but not limited to the releases and covenants in Sections 5 through 9 of the Agreement, apply to this Supplemental Release and are incorporated herein to the extent they are not inconsistent with the express terms of this Supplemental Release.    

3.   
 
 Employee represents that she been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Supplemental Release by legal counsel of her own choice.    

4.   
 
 Employee represents that she has carefully read and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Supplemental Release.    

5.   
 
 Employee acknowledges that other than the consideration set forth in Section 2(e) of the Agreement, on or before the Separation Date, the Company provided her final payment for all wages, salary, bonuses, outstanding reimbursable expenses, commissions or draws, incentive payments, accrued vacation, premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, stock, stock options, restricted stock units, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to her from the Company as of the Separation Date, less applicable payroll deductions and tax withholdings.    

6.   
 
 Employee hereby warrants that she returned to the Company all property or data of the Company of any type whatsoever that has been in her possession or control at any time, including, but not limited to, Company files, notes, drawings, records, business plans and forecasts, financial information, specifications, computer-recorded information, tangible property (including, but not limited to, computers, cell phones or PDAs), credit cards, entry cards, identification badges, keys, and any materials of any kind that contain or embody proprietary or confidential information of the Company (and all reproductions thereof).  Her signature below constitutes her certification under penalty of perjury that she have returned all documents (whether in digital or hard-copy format) and other items provided to her by the Company, developed or obtained by me in connection with my employment with the Company, or otherwise belonging to the Company.      

Employee understands she cannot sign this Supplemental Release before her date of employment with the Company terminates and that she has twenty-one (21) days after the date her employment with Company terminates to consider and execute this Supplemental Release. Both Employee and the Company will have seven (7) days after she signs this Supplemental Release to revoke it. This Supplemental Release   will become effective on the eighth (8   th   ) day after it has been signed by Employee, so long as it has also been signed by the Company and has not been revoked before that date (the  Supplemental Release Effective Date ).  

Agreed and accepted:  

Jennifer Ceran  

Quotient Technology Inc.  

/s/ Jennifer Ceran  

By: :  

/s/ Michael Carrillo Bourque  

Its:  
 
 VP of Human Resources  

Date: September 9, 2016  

Date: September 19, 2016  

EXHIBIT B  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 quot-ex102_259.htm
 EX-10.2 OFFER LETTER OF EMPLOYMENT WITH RONALD J. FIOR

quot-ex102_259.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
   
 July 25, 2016 
 Ronald J. Fior 
 Dear Ron, 
 Quotient Technology Inc. ( Quotient  or the  Company ) is pleased and proud to extend to you an offer of employment with Quotient as our  Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer . This position will report to  Steven Boal , in the Mountain View, CA office, and we look forward to your starting on or about August 10, 2016.  At Quotient, we know that people are our most important asset, and we are happy to offer you a comprehensive compensation package which includes the following: 

An annual base salary of $370,000, paid on a semi-monthly basis, less all applicable withholding and deductions.  Currently, the Company s salary payroll dates are the 15 th  and the last working day of each month.      

The opportunity to earn an annual, discretionary bonus of up to 50% of your base salary (less all applicable withholding and deductions). This bonus is based upon your successful completion of objectives, your overall performance and the Company s overall performance to be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. The bonus will be prorated to your start date in your first year of employment. You must remain an employee of the Company through each bonus payment date in order to receive your bonus.     

A benefits package (subject to eligibility) which includes medical, dental, and vision coverage.  You may also be eligible to participate in Quotient s 401(k) plan, which currently includes a company match of up to $6,000 annually.  The complete benefits package is outlined in the attached benefits summary.     

Subject to the approval of Quotient s Board of Directors (the  Board ) or its Compensation Committee, you will be granted restricted stock units (the  RSUs ) to acquire 85,000 shares of Quotient s Common Stock.  The RSUs will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to awards granted under Quotient s equity incentive plan ( Plan ), as described in the Plan and the applicable award agreement.  The RSUs will vest twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares on the one (1) year anniversary of your employment start date or other vesting commencement date, as determined by the Board or its Compensation Committee (the  Vesting Commencement Date ), and twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares each year thereafter on the same day of the year as the Vesting Commencement Date, as further described in the Plan and the applicable award agreement.  No right to any stock is earned or accrued until such time that vesting occurs, nor does the grant confer any right to continue vesting or employment.      

 400 Logue Avenue, Mountain View, CA 94043      O  650.605.4600      F  650.605.4700      W  quotient.com 

Subject to the approval of   the Board or its Compensation Committee, you will be granted an option to purchase 185,000 shares of Quotient s Common Stock ( Option ). The exercise price per share of the Option will be equal to the fair market value per share on the date the Option is   granted, which will be the later of 3   rd    trading day following the release of the Company s prior quarter results of operations and your employment state date. The Option will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to options granted under the Pl  an and the applicable stock option agreement. Twenty-five percent (25%) of the shares subject to the Option vest on the one (1) year anniversary of your Vesting Commencement Date, and one forty-eighth (1/48) of the shares subject to the Option will vest ea  ch month thereafter on the same day of the month as the Vesting Commencement Date, as further described in the Plan and the applicable stock option agreement.     

Subject to the approval of the Board or its Compensation Committee, you will be permitted to enter into the Company s standard Change of Control Severance Agreement (the  Severance Agreement ) based on your position with the Company.  The Severance Agreement will set forth the severance payments and benefits to which you would be entitled in connection with certain terminations of employment, as set forth in the Severance Agreement.  A copy of the Severance Agreement is attached.     

 We also do have conditions of employment (many legally mandated), a few of which we need to highlight for you in this letter.  In order to go forward as an employee of Quotient, you will need to understand and agree to the following: 

We require a fully signed and executed     At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement (the  Confidentiality Agreement ).      This is being provided to you with this offer, and, your signed copy will be provided to you on or after your last day of employment. In the event of any dispute or claim relating to or arising out of our employment relationship, you and the Company agree that (i) any and all disputes between you and the Company shall be fully and finally resolved by binding arbitration, (ii) you are waiving any and all rights to a jury trial but all court remedies will be available in arbitration, (iii) all disputes shall be resolved by a neutral arbitrator who shall issue a written opinion, (iv) the arbitration shall provide for adequate discovery, and (v) the Company shall pay all the arbitration fees, except an amount equal to the filing fees you would have paid had you filed a complaint in a court of law. Please note that we must receive your signed Confidentiality Agreement before your first day of employment.     

In addition, by signing this letter, you confirm that you are under no contractual or other obligations that would prohibit you from, or that would conflict or that are inconsistent with your performing your duties with Quotient.  Lastly, we fully expect that you will comply with any prior employers  agreements of this nature or any other obligations you may have to a former employer or otherwise.     

 Page 2 

All employment with Quotient is  at-will,    meaning that either you or Quotient may terminate   your employment at any time and for any reason or for no reason, with or without cause. Any contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this offer. This is the full and complete agreement between you and Quotient regarding thi  s term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as Quotient s policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the  at will  nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and Q  uotient s Chief Executive Officer. We request that, in the event of resignation, you give the Company at least two weeks  notice.     

During the period that you are employed by Quotient, you agree to not engage in any employment, business or activity that is in any way competitive with the business or proposed business of Quotient.  Please disclose to Quotient in writing any other employment, business or activity that you are currently associated with or participate in that competes with Quotient.  You may not assist any other person or organization in competing with Quotient or in preparing to engage in competition with the business or proposed business of Quotient.     

On your first day of work, please bring documentation demonstrating that you have authorization to work in the United States.  A list of required documents will be provided to you prior to your start date.  If you have questions about this requirement, which applies to U.S. citizens and non-U.S. citizens alike, you may contact our Human Resources office at (650) 605-4600w.     

The Company will undertake a background investigation and reference check in accordance with applicable law. This investigation and reference check may include a consumer report, as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), 15 U.S.C. 1681a, and/or an investigative consumer report, as defined by FCRA, 15 U.S.C 1681a, and California Civil Code 1786.2(c). This investigation will also include a consumer credit report, as defined by the California Civil Code 1785.3(c), which is being requested because your position will be managerial; you will have access to confidential or proprietary information of the type described in California Labor Code   1024.5(a)(7); your role will involve regular access to bank or credit card information, social security numbers and dates of birth (excluding ordinary retail work); you will be a named signatory on the Company s bank or credit card account; you will be authorized to transfer money on the Company s behalf; you will be authorized to enter into financial contracts on the Company s behalf; and your role will involve regular access to cash of $10,000 or more during the workday that belongs to the Company or its clients and customers. This job offer is contingent upon a clearance of such a background investigation and/or reference check, and upon your written authorization to obtain a consumer report, consumer credit report and/or investigative consumer report. Refer to the attached Background and Credit Check Disclosure and Authorization for important disclosures and a written authorization form.     

 Page 3 

This letter, along with the Severance Agreement and the   Confidentiality Agreement  , set forth the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede and replace any prior understanding or agreements, w  hether oral, written or implied, between you and Quotient regarding the matters described in this letter.    
 We would be delighted if you would accept this offer, with all the terms and conditions listed above, by signing and dating both the original of this letter as well as the Confidentiality Agreement and return them to me.  This offer, if not accepted, will expire at the close of business on July 28, 2016 
 We cannot tell you how excited we are that you are making the decision to join Quotient!  If you have any questions concerning this offer, please call me at (650) 605-4665. 

Very truly yours,  

Quotient Technology Inc.  

By: Michael Carrillo Bourque  

Title: Vice President of Human Resources  

Page 4 

Agreed to and accepted:  
   
 You acknowledge that you have carefully read and considered all provisions of this letter and the attachments and agree that all of the restrictions set forth herein are fair and reasonably required to protect the interests of Quotient.  You acknowledge that you have received a copy of this letter and the attachments as signed by you.  You acknowledge that, prior to signing this Agreement, you have had an opportunity to seek the advice of independent counsel of your choice relating to the terms of this letter and the attachments. 

/s/ Ronald J. Fior  

Ronald J. Fior  

Enclosures: 

At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement      

Change of Control Severance Agreement     

Employment Application     

Background Check Authorization     

Benefits Summary     

Page 5  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 quot-ex103_258.htm
 EX-10.3 CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT WITH STEVEN R. BOAL

quot-ex103_258.htm

Exhibit 10.3 
 QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC. 
 CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Change of Control Severance Agreement (the   Agreement  ) is made and entered into by and between Steven Boal (  Executive  ) and Quotient Technology Inc. (the   Company  ), effective as of August 2, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ). 
  RECITALS  
 1. The Compensation Committee (the   Committee  ) of the Board of Directors of the Company (the   Board  ) believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders (i) to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication and objectivity of Executive, and (ii) to provide Executive with an incentive to continue Executive s employment prior to a Change of Control and to motivate Executive to maximize the value of the Company upon a Change of Control for the benefit of its stockholders. 
 2. The Committee believes that it is imperative to provide Executive with certain severance benefits upon Executive s termination of employment under certain circumstances.  These benefits will provide Executive with enhanced financial security and incentive and encouragement to remain with the Company.   
 3. Certain capitalized terms used in the Agreement are defined in Section 6 below. 
  AGREEMENT  
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1.  Term of Agreement .  This Agreement will have a term of three (3) years commencing on the Effective Date (the   Term  ) and any obligations of the Company hereunder will lapse upon the completion of the Term.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, (a) if a Change of Control occurs when there are fewer than twelve (12) months remaining during the Term, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is twelve (12) months following the effective date of the Change of Control, or (b) if an initial occurrence of an act or omission by the Company constituting the grounds for  Good Reason  in accordance with Section 6(h) hereof has occurred (the   Initial Grounds  ), and the expiration date of the Cure Period (as such term is used in Section 6(h)) with respect to such Initial Grounds could occur following the expiration of the Term, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is thirty (30) days following the expiration of the Cure Period, but such extension of the term will only apply with respect to the Initial Grounds.  If Executive becomes entitled to benefits under Section 3 during the term of this Agreement, the Agreement will not terminate until all of the obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied. 

2.   At-Will Employment  .  The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law.  As an at-will employee, either the Company or Executive may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without Cause.  
   3.  Severance Benefits . 
 (a)  Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason Outside of the Change of Control Period  .  If the Company terminates Executive s employment with the Company without Cause (and not by reason of Executive s death or Disability) or if Executive resigns from such employment for Good Reason, and, in each case, such termination occurs outside of the Change of Control Period, then subject to Section 4, Executive will receive the following:  
 (i)  Accrued Compensation .  The Company will pay Executive all accrued but unpaid vacation (if any), expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements when legally required.   
 (ii)  Severance Payment .  Executive will receive a lump-sum payment (less applicable withholding taxes) equal to one hundred percent (100%) of Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination date (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction).   
 (iii)  COBRA Payment .  The Company will provide to Executive a taxable lump-sum payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executive s group health coverage in effect on the date of Executive s termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), multiplied by twelve (12), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage (the   COBRA Payment  ).  For the avoidance of doubt, the COBRA Payment may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings.   
 (b)  Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason During the Change of Control Period  .  If the Company terminates Executive s employment with the Company without Cause (and not by reason of Executive s death or Disability) or if Executive resigns from such employment for Good Reason, and, in each case, such termination occurs during the Change of Control Period, then subject to Section 4, Executive will receive the following:   
 (i)  Accrued Compensation .  The Company will pay Executive all accrued but unpaid vacation (if any), expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements when legally required.   
   
 -2- 

(ii)   Severance Payment  .  Executive will receive a lump-sum payment (less applicable withholding taxes) equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of Executive s   annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to   Executive   s termination date (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction) or, if greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control  .    
 (iii)  Bonus Payment.   Executive will receive a lump-sum payment (less applicable withholding taxes) equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of Executive s annual bonus for the year of termination at target level as in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination date (and for purposes of clarification, if Executive s annual bonus target is expressed as a percentage of Executive s annual base salary and Executive s termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then the payment to be made pursuant to this section will be calculated based on Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction), or, if greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control.   
 (iv)  COBRA Payment .  The Company will provide to Executive a taxable lump-sum payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executive s group health coverage in effect on the date of Executive s termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), multiplied by eighteen (18), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage (the   Change of Control COBRA Payment  ).  For the avoidance of doubt, the Change of Control COBRA Payment may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings.   
 (v)  Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards .  One hundred percent (100%) of Executive s then-outstanding and unvested Equity Awards will become vested in full and in the case of stock options and stock appreciation rights, will become exercisable (for avoidance of doubt, no more than one hundred percent (100%) of the shares subject to the outstanding portion of the Equity Awards may vest and become exercisable under this provision).  In the case of Equity Awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals and other vesting criteria will be treated as set forth in Executive s Equity Award agreement governing such Equity Award.  For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company terminates Executive s employment with the Company without Cause (and not by reason of Executive s death or Disability) or if Executive resigns from such employment for Good Reason prior to a Change of Control, then any unvested portion of Executive s outstanding Equity Awards will remain outstanding for three (3) months or the occurrence of a Change of Control (whichever is earlier) so that any acceleration benefits can be provided if a Change of Control occurs within three (3) months following such termination (provided that in no event will the Equity Awards remain outstanding beyond the Equity Award s maximum term or expiration date).  In such case, if no Change of Control occurs within three (3) months following Executive s termination, any unvested portion of Executive s Equity Awards automatically will be forfeited without having vested.   
   (c)  Voluntary Resignation; Termination for Cause .  If Executive s employment with the Company terminates (i) voluntarily by Executive (other than for Good Reason) or  
   
 -3- 

(ii) for Cause by the Company, then Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company (if any).  
 (d)  Disability; Death .  If the Company terminates Executive s employment as a result of Executive s Disability, or Executive s employment terminates due to Executive s death, then Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing written severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company (if any). 
 (e)  Exclusive Remedy .  In the event of a termination of Executive employment as set forth in Section 3(a) or Section 3(b) of this Agreement, the provisions of Section 3 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which Executive or the Company otherwise may be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity, or under this Agreement (other than the payment of accrued but unpaid wages, as required by law, and any unreimbursed reimbursable expenses).  Executive will be entitled to no benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon a termination of employment other than those benefits expressly set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, the payments and benefits under Section 3(b) of this Agreement are in place of and not in addition to, any payments to which Executive may have become entitled under Section 3(a) of this Agreement.  To the extent Executive received or began receiving payment under Section 3(a) of this Agreement, and, due to a Change of Control, becomes eligible for payments under Section 3(b) of this Agreement, the payments previously made under Section 3(a) of this Agreement will be deemed to have been made under Section 3(b) of this Agreement.   
     4.  Conditions to Receipt of Severance; No Duty to Mitigate  
     (a)  Release of Claims Agreement .  The receipt of any severance payments or benefits (other than the accrued benefits set forth in Section 3(a)(i) or Section 3(b)(i)) pursuant to this Agreement is subject to Executive signing and not revoking the Company s then-standard separation agreement and release of claims (which may include an agreement not to disparage the Company, restrictive covenants (which may include non-solicit or non-competition provisions as permitted by law), and other standard terms and conditions) (the   Release   and such requirement, the   Release Requirement  ), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination of employment (the   Release Deadline  ).  Any severance payments or benefits under this Agreement will be paid on the first regular payroll pay day following the Release Deadline, or, if later, (A) with respect to the benefits provided in Section 3(b)(ii), 3(b)(iii), 3(b)(iv) or 3(b)(v) and in each case, to the extent not already provided under Section 3(a), if the Executive s termination date occurs within the Change of Control Period but prior to the closing of the Change of Control, on the date of the closing of the Change of Control or (B) such time as required by Section 4(c)(iii), except that the acceleration of vesting of Equity Awards not subject to Section 409A will become effective on the tenth (10th) day following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable (the   Release Effective Date  ) and the acceleration of vesting of Equity Awards subject to Section 409A will become effective on the Release Deadline, or, in either event, if later, with respect to the benefits provided in Section 3(b)(v), if Executive s termination date occurs within  
   
 -4- 

the Change of Control Period but prior to the closing of the Change of Control, on the date of the closing of the Change of Control.  If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline,   Executive   will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under this Agreement.  In no event will severance payments or benefits be paid or provided until the Release actually becomes effective and irrevocable.  
       (b)  Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreements     .  Executive s receipt of any payments or benefits under Section 3 (other than the accrued benefits set forth in Section 3(a)(i) or Section 3(b)(i)) will be subject to Executive continuing to comply with the terms of the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement between the Company and Executive, as such agreement may be amended from time to time.  
   (c)  Section 409A . 
 (i)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits, are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (   Section 409A   ) (together, the    Deferred Payments   ) will be paid or otherwise provided until Executive has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A.  Similarly, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(b)(9) will be payable until Executive has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A.    In no event will   Executive   have discretion to determine the taxable year of payment of any Deferred Payments.     
 (ii)  It is intended that none of the severance payments under this Agreement will constitute Deferred Payments but rather will be exempt from Section 409A as a payment that would fall within the  short-term deferral period  as described in Section 4(c)(iv) below or resulting from an involuntary separation from service as described in Section 4(c)(v) below.    
 (iii)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executive s separation from service (other than due to death), then the Deferred Payments, if any, that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executive s separation from service, will become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive s separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Payments, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following Executive s separation from service, but before the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive s death and all other Deferred Payments will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.  Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment under Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations.  
   
 -5- 

(iv)   Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the  short-term deferral  rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.  
 (v)  Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.   
 (vi)  The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be exempt or so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition before actual payment to Executive under Section 409A.  In no event will the Company reimburse Executive for any taxes that may be imposed on Executive as a result of Section 409A.  
 5.  Limitation on Payments .  In the event that the severance and other benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable to Executive (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this Section 5, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive s benefits under Section 3 will be either: 
 (a) delivered in full, or 
 (b) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, 
   whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code.  If a reduction in severance and other benefits constituting  parachute payments  is necessary so that benefits are delivered to a lesser extent, reduction will occur in the following order: (i) reduction of cash payments in reverse chronological order (that is, the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced); (ii) cancellation of Equity Awards that were granted  contingent on a change in ownership or control  within the meaning of Code Section 280G (if two or more Equity Awards are granted on the same date, each award will be reduced on a pro-rata basis); (iii) reduction of the accelerated vesting of Equity Awards in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (i.e., the vesting of the most recently granted Equity Awards will be cancelled first and if more than one Equity Award was made to Executive on the same date of grant, all such awards will have their acceleration of vesting reduced pro rata) unless Executive elects in writing a different order for cancellation; and (iv) reduction of employee benefits in reverse chronological order (i.e., the benefit owed on the latest date following  
   
 -6- 

the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the first benefit to be reduced).  In no event will the Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of payment reductions.  
 Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section 5 will be made in writing by the Company s independent public accountants immediately prior to a Change of Control or such other person or entity to which the parties mutually agree (the   Firm  ), whose determination will be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company.  For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 5, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code.  The Company and Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section.  The Company will bear all costs the Firm may incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 5.  
   6.  Definition of Terms .  The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings: 
 (a)  Cause .    Cause   means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) Executive s conviction of, or plea of  no contest  to, a felony or any crime involving fraud or embezzlement; (ii) Executive s intentional misconduct; (iii) Executive s material failure to perform his or her employment duties; (iv) Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any other party to whom Executive owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of his or her relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (v) an act of material fraud or dishonesty against the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (vi) Executive s material violation of any policy of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or material breach of any written agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (vii) Executive s failure to cooperate with the Company in any investigation or formal proceeding .  
 The foregoing definition does not in any way limit the Company s ability to terminate Executive s employment relationship at any time as provided in Section 2 above, and the term  Company  will be interpreted to include any subsidiary, parent, affiliate or successor thereto, if applicable. 
 (b)  Change of Control.     Change of Control   means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 (i) any  person  (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities; or 
 (ii) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; or 
   
 -7- 

(iii)   the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least 50% of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or  
 (iv) a change in the composition of the Board, as a result of which less than a majority of the directors are Incumbent Directors.   Incumbent Directors   means directors who either (A) are directors of the Company as of the effective date of this Policy, or (B) are elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of the directors of the Company at the time of such election or nomination (but will not include an individual whose election or nomination is in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the election of directors to the Company). 
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be a Change of Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A.    Further and for purposes of clarity, a transaction will not constitute a Change of Control if its primary purposes is to:  (x) change the state of the Company s incorporation, or (y) create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
 (c)  Change of Control Period .    Change of Control Period   means the period beginning three (3) months prior to, and ending twelve (12) months following, the first Change of Control to occur after the Effective Date. 
 (d)  COBRA .    COBRA   means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. 
 (e)  Code .   Code   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (f)  Disability .    Disability   means the total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code unless the Company maintains a long-term disability plan at the time Executive s termination, in which case, the determination of disability under such plan also will be considered  Disability  for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (g)  Equity Awards .    Equity Awards   means Executive s outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance stock units and any other Company equity compensation awards. 
   (h)  Good Reason .    Good Reason   means Executive s termination of his or her employment in accordance with the next sentence after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without Executive s express written consent: (i) a material reduction of Executive s duties, authorities, or responsibilities relative to Executive s duties, authorities, or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction; (ii) a material reduction by the Company in Executive s rate of annual base salary; provided, however, that, a reduction of annual base salary that also applies to substantially all other similarly situated employees of the  
   
 -8- 

Company will not constitute  Good Reason  (iii) a material change in the geographic location of Executive s primary work facility or location; provided, that a relocation of less than thirty-five (35) miles from Executive s then present location will not be considered a material change in geographic location; or (iv) the failure of the Company to obtain from any successor or transferee of the Company an express written and unconditional assumption of the Company s obligations to Executive under this Agreement.  In order for Executive s termination of his or her employment to be for Good Reason, Executive must not terminate employment with the Company without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for  Good Reason  within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for  Good Reason  and a cure period of thirty (30) days following the date of written notice (the    Cure Period   ), such grounds must not have been cured during such time, and Executive must terminate his or her employment within thirty (30) days following the Cure Period.      
 (i)  Section 409A Limit .    Section 409A Limit   will mean two (2) times the lesser of: (i) Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during Executive s taxable year preceding the Executive s taxable year of Executive s termination of employment as determined under, and with such adjustments as are set forth in, Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated. 
   7.  Successors . 
   (a)  The Company s Successors .  Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company s business and/or assets will assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession.  For all purposes under this Agreement, the term  Company  will include any successor to the Company s business and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 7(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law. 
 (b)  Executive s Successors .  The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
   8.  Notice . 
     (a)  General .  Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when sent electronically or personally delivered when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid or when delivered by a private courier service such as UPS, DHL or Federal Express that has tracking capability.  In the case of Executive, notices will  
   
 -9- 

be sent to the e-mail address or addressed to Executive at the home address, in either case which Executive most recently communicated to the Company in writing.  In the case of the Company, electronic notices will be sent to the e-mail address of the Chief Executive Officer and the General Counsel and mailed notices will be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices will be directed to the attention of its Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel.  
 (b)  Notice of Termination .  Any termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 8(a) of this Agreement.  Such notice will indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than ninety (90) days after the giving of such notice).   
 9.  Resignation .  Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive will be deemed to have resigned from all officer and/or director positions held at the Company and its affiliates voluntarily, without any further required action by Executive, as of the end of Executive s employment and Executive, at the Board s request, will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect Executive s resignation. 
 10.  Arbitration . 
 (a)  Arbitration .  In consideration of Executive s employment with the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment - related disputes, and Executive s receipt of the compensation, pay raises and other benefits paid to Executive by the Company, at present and in the future, Executive agrees that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, stockholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from Executive s employment with the Company or termination thereof, including any breach of this Agreement, will be subject to binding arbitration under the Arbitration Rules set forth in California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1280 through 1294.2, including Section 1281.8 (the   Act  ), and pursuant to California law.  The Federal Arbitration Act will also apply with full force and effect, notwithstanding the application of procedural rules set forth under the Act. 
 (b)  Dispute Resolution .   Disputes that Executive agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a trial by jury, include any statutory claims under local, state, or federal law , including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Sarbanes Oxley Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, the California Labor Code, claims of harassment, discrimination, and wrongful termination, and any statutory or common law claims.  Executive further understands that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with Executive. 
   (c)  Procedure .  Executive agrees that any arbitration will be administered by the Judicial Arbitration   Mediation Services, Inc. (  JAMS  ), pursuant to its Employment Arbitration  
   
 -10- 

Rules   Procedures (the    JAMS Rules   ).  The arbitrator will have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and/or adjudication, motions to dismiss and demurrers, and motions for class certification, prior to any arbitration hearing.  The arbitrator will have the power to award any remedies available under applicable law, and the arbitrator will award attorneys  fees and costs to the prevailing party, except as prohibited by law.  The Company will pay for any administrative or hearing fees charged by the administrator or JAMS, and all arbitrator s fees, except that Executive will pay any filing fees associated with any arbitration that Executive initiates, but only so much of the filing fee as Executive would have instead paid had Executive filed a complaint in a court of law.  Executive agrees that the arbitrator will administer and conduct any arbitration in accordance with California law, including the California Code of Civil Procedure and the California Evidence Code, and that the arbitrator will apply substantive and procedural California law to any dispute or claim, without reference to the rules of conflict of law.  To the extent that the JAMS Rules conflict with California law, California law will take precedence.  The decision of the arbitrator will be in writing.  Any arbitration under this Agreement will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California.  
 (d)  Remedy .  Except as provided by the Act, arbitration will be the sole, exclusive, and final remedy for any dispute between Executive and the Company.   Accordingly, except as provided by the Act and this Agreement, neither Executive nor the Company will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration .  Notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have the authority to disregard or refuse to enforce any lawful Company policy, and the arbitrator will not order or require the Company to adopt a policy not otherwise required by law which the Company has not adopted. 
 (e)  Administrative Relief .  Executive is not prohibited from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, state, or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, including, but not limited to, the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or the Workers  Compensation Board.  However, Executive may not pursue court action regarding any such claim, except as permitted by law. 
 (f)  Voluntary Nature of Agreement .  Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone else.  Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive has carefully read this Agreement and that Executive has asked any questions needed for Executive to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and fully understands it, including that  EXECUTIVE IS WAIVING EXECUTIVE S RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL .  Finally, Executive agrees that Executive has been provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of Executive s choice before signing this Agreement. 
 11.  Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a)  No Duty to Mitigate .  Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source. 
   
 -11- 

(b)   Waiver  .  No provision of this Agreement will be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive).  No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.  
 (c)  Headings .  All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
 (d)  Entire Agreement .  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Accordingly, by executing this Agreement and both during and following the Term, Executive hereby forfeits and waives any rights to severance or change of control benefits set forth in any employment agreement, offer letter and/or Equity Award agreement, except as set forth in this Agreement.  For purposes of clarification, following the Term, Executive will not be eligible to receive severance or change of control benefits set forth in any employment agreement, offer letter and/or Equity Award agreement.  No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto and which specifically mention this Agreement. 
 (e)  Choice of Law .  The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions).  Any claims or legal actions by one party against the other arising out of the relationship between the parties contemplated herein (whether or not arising under this Agreement) will be commenced or maintained in any state or federal court located in the jurisdiction where Executive resides, and Executive and the Company hereby submit to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court. 
 (f)  Severability .  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect. 
 (g)  Withholding .  All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable income, employment and other taxes. 
 (h)  Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 [Signature Page to Follow] 
   
 -12- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year set forth below.  

COMPANY  

QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC.  

By:  

/s/ Connie Chen  

Title:  

General Counsel  

Date:  

August 2, 2016  

[Signature page of the Change of Control Severance Agreement] 
   
 -13-  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 quot-ex104_256.htm
 EX-10.4 CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT WITH MIR AAMIR

quot-ex104_256.htm

Exhibit 10.4 
 QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC. 
 CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Change of Control Severance Agreement (the   Agreement  ) is made and entered into by and between Mir Aamir (  Executive  ) and Quotient Technology Inc. (the   Company  ), effective as of August 2, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ). 
  RECITALS  
 1. The Compensation Committee (the   Committee  ) of the Board of Directors of the Company (the   Board  ) believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders (i) to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication and objectivity of Executive, and (ii) to provide Executive with an incentive to continue Executive s employment prior to a Change of Control and to motivate Executive to maximize the value of the Company upon a Change of Control for the benefit of its stockholders. 
 2. The Committee believes that it is imperative to provide Executive with certain severance benefits upon Executive s termination of employment under certain circumstances.  These benefits will provide Executive with enhanced financial security and incentive and encouragement to remain with the Company.   
 3. Certain capitalized terms used in the Agreement are defined in Section 6 below. 
  AGREEMENT  
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1.  Term of Agreement .  This Agreement will have a term of three (3) years commencing on the Effective Date (the   Term  ) and any obligations of the Company hereunder will lapse upon the completion of the Term.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, (a) if a Change of Control occurs when there are fewer than twelve (12) months remaining during the Term, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is twelve (12) months following the effective date of the Change of Control, or (b) if an initial occurrence of an act or omission by the Company constituting the grounds for  Good Reason  in accordance with Section 6(h) hereof has occurred (the   Initial Grounds  ), and the expiration date of the Cure Period (as such term is used in Section 6(h)) with respect to such Initial Grounds could occur following the expiration of the Term, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is thirty (30) days following the expiration of the Cure Period, but such extension of the term will only apply with respect to the Initial Grounds.  If Executive becomes entitled to benefits under Section 3 during the term of this Agreement, the Agreement will not terminate until all of the obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied. 

2.   At-Will Employment  .  The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law.  As an at-will employee, either the Company or Executive may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without Cause.  
   3.  Severance Benefits . 
 (a)  Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason Outside of the Change of Control Period  .  If the Company terminates Executive s employment with the Company without Cause (and not by reason of Executive s death or Disability) or if Executive resigns from such employment for Good Reason, and, in each case, such termination occurs outside of the Change of Control Period, then subject to Section 4, Executive will receive the following:  
 (i)  Accrued Compensation .  The Company will pay Executive all accrued but unpaid vacation (if any), expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements when legally required.   
 (ii)  Severance Payment .  Executive will receive a lump-sum payment (less applicable withholding taxes) equal to one hundred percent (100%) of Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination date (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction).   
 (iii)  COBRA Payment .  The Company will provide to Executive a taxable lump-sum payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executive s group health coverage in effect on the date of Executive s termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), multiplied by twelve (12), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage (the   COBRA Payment  ).  For the avoidance of doubt, the COBRA Payment may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings.   
 (iv)  Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards .  Twenty-five (25%) percent of the total number of shares subject to the following Equity Awards will vest and become exercisable, as applicable (for avoidance of doubt, no more than one hundred percent (100%) of the shares subject to the outstanding portion of the following Equity Awards may vest and become exercisable under this provision): (A) the restricted stock unit award granted to Executive on November 14, 2013, to acquire 959,932 shares (on a pre-split basis) of the Company s common stock, and (B) the stock option award granted to Executive on November 14, 2013, to purchase 959,932 shares (on a pre-split basis) of the Company s common stock.   
   
 -2- 

(b)     Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason During the Change of Control Period  .    If   the Company terminates   Executive   s employment with the Company without Cause (and not by reason of Executive s death or Disability) or if   Executive   resigns from such employment for Good Reason, and, in each case, such termination occurs   during the Change of Control Period  , then subject to Section 4,   Executive   will receive the following:   
 (i)  Accrued Compensation .  The Company will pay Executive all accrued but unpaid vacation (if any), expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements when legally required.   
 (ii)  Severance Payment .  Executive will receive a lump-sum payment (less applicable withholding taxes) equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination date (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction) or, if greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control.   
 (iii)  Bonus Payment.   Executive will receive a lump-sum payment (less applicable withholding taxes) equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of Executive s annual bonus for the year of termination at target level as in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination date (and for purposes of clarification, if Executive s annual bonus target is expressed as a percentage of Executive s annual base salary and Executive s termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then the payment to be made pursuant to this section will be calculated based on Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction), or, if greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control.   
 (iv)  COBRA Payment .  The Company will provide to Executive a taxable lump-sum payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executive s group health coverage in effect on the date of Executive s termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), multiplied by eighteen (18), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage (the   Change of Control COBRA Payment  ).  For the avoidance of doubt, the Change of Control COBRA Payment may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings.   
   (v)  Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards .  One hundred percent (100%) of Executive s then-outstanding and unvested Equity Awards will become vested in full and in the case of stock options and stock appreciation rights, will become exercisable (for avoidance of doubt, no more than one hundred percent (100%) of the shares subject to the outstanding portion of the Equity Awards may vest and become exercisable under this provision).  In the case of Equity Awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals and other vesting criteria will be treated as set forth in Executive s Equity Award agreement governing such Equity Award.  For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company terminates  
   
 -3- 

Executive   s employment with the Company without Cause (and not by reason of Executive s death or Disability) or if   Executive   resigns from such employment for Good Reason   prior to a Change of Control, then any unvested portion of Executive s outstanding Equity Awards will remain outstanding for three (3) months or the occurrence of a Change of Control (whichever is earlier) so that any acceleration benefits can be provided if a Change of Control occurs within three (3) months following such termination (provided that in no event will the Equity Awards remain outstanding beyond the Equity Award s maximum term or expiration date).  In such case, if no Change of Control occurs within three (3) months following Executive s termination, any unvested portion of Executive s Equity Awards automatically will be forfeited without having vested.    
 (c)  Voluntary Resignation; Termination for Cause .  If Executive s employment with the Company terminates (i) voluntarily by Executive (other than for Good Reason) or (ii) for Cause by the Company, then Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company (if any). 
 (d)  Disability; Death .  If the Company terminates Executive s employment as a result of Executive s Disability, or Executive s employment terminates due to Executive s death, then Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing written severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company (if any). 
 (e)  Exclusive Remedy .  In the event of a termination of Executive employment as set forth in Section 3(a) or Section 3(b) of this Agreement, the provisions of Section 3 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which Executive or the Company otherwise may be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity, or under this Agreement (other than the payment of accrued but unpaid wages, as required by law, and any unreimbursed reimbursable expenses).  Executive will be entitled to no benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon a termination of employment other than those benefits expressly set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, the payments and benefits under Section 3(b) of this Agreement are in place of and not in addition to, any payments to which Executive may have become entitled under Section 3(a) of this Agreement.  To the extent Executive received or began receiving payment under Section 3(a) of this Agreement, and, due to a Change of Control, becomes eligible for payments under Section 3(b) of this Agreement, the payments previously made under Section 3(a) of this Agreement will be deemed to have been made under Section 3(b) of this Agreement.   
     4.  Conditions to Receipt of Severance; No Duty to Mitigate  
     (a)  Release of Claims Agreement .  The receipt of any severance payments or benefits (other than the accrued benefits set forth in Section 3(a)(i) or Section 3(b)(i)) pursuant to this Agreement is subject to Executive signing and not revoking the Company s then-standard separation agreement and release of claims (which may include an agreement not to disparage the Company, restrictive covenants (which may include non-solicit or non-competition provisions as permitted by law), and other standard terms and conditions) (the   Release   and  
   
 -4- 

such requirement, the    Release Requirement   ), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following   Executive   s termination of employment (the    Release Deadline   ).  Any severance payments or benefits under this Agreement will be paid on the first regular payroll pay day following the Release Deadline, or, if later, (A) with respect to the benefits provided in Section 3(b)(ii), 3(b)(iii), 3(b)(iv) or 3(b)(v) and in each case, to the extent not already provided under Section 3(a), if   the   Executive   s termination date occurs within the Change of Control Period but prior to the closing of the Change of Control, on the date of the closing of the Change of Control or (B)   such time as required by Section 4(c)(iii), except that the acceleration of vesting of Equity Awards not subject to Section 409A will become effective on the tenth (10th) day following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable (the    Release Effective Date   ) and the acceleration of vesting of Equity Awards subject to Section 409A will become effective on the Release Deadline, or, in either event, if later, with respect to the benefits provided in Section 3(b)(v), if   Executive   s termination date occurs within the Change of Control Period but prior to the closing of the Change of Control, on the date of the closing of the Change of Control.  If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline,   Executive   will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under this Agreement.  In no event will severance payments or benefits be paid or provided until the Release actually becomes effective and irrevocable.  
       (b)  Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreements     .  Executive s receipt of any payments or benefits under Section 3 (other than the accrued benefits set forth in Section 3(a)(i) or Section 3(b)(i)) will be subject to Executive continuing to comply with the terms of the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement between the Company and Executive, as such agreement may be amended from time to time.  
   (c)  Section 409A . 
 (i)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits, are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (   Section 409A   ) (together, the    Deferred Payments   ) will be paid or otherwise provided until Executive has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A.  Similarly, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(b)(9) will be payable until Executive has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A.    In no event will   Executive   have discretion to determine the taxable year of payment of any Deferred Payments.     
 (ii)  It is intended that none of the severance payments under this Agreement will constitute Deferred Payments but rather will be exempt from Section 409A as a payment that would fall within the  short-term deferral period  as described in Section 4(c)(iv) below or resulting from an involuntary separation from service as described in Section 4(c)(v) below.    
   
 -5- 

(iii)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if   Executive   is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of   Executive   s separation from service (other than due to death), then the Deferred Payments, if any, that are payable within the first six (6) months following   Executive   s separation from service, will become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of   Executive   s separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Payments, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if   Executive   dies following   Executive   s separation from service, but before the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of   Executive   s death and all other Deferred Payments will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.  Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment under Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations.  
 (iv)  Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the  short-term deferral  rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.  
 (v)  Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.   
 (vi)  The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be exempt or so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition before actual payment to Executive under Section 409A.  In no event will the Company reimburse Executive for any taxes that may be imposed on Executive as a result of Section 409A.  
 5.  Limitation on Payments .  In the event that the severance and other benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable to Executive (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this Section 5, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive s benefits under Section 3 will be either: 
 (a) delivered in full, or 
 (b) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, 
   
 -6- 

whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such   benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code.  If a reduction in severance and other benefits constituting  parachute payments  is necessary so that benefits are delivered to a lesser extent,   reduction will occur in the following order: (i) reduction of cash payments in reverse chronological order (that is, the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced); (ii) cancellation of Equity Awards that were granted  contingent on a change in ownership or control  within the meaning of Code Section 280G (if two or more Equity Awards are granted on the same date, each award will be reduced on a pro-rata basis); (iii) reduction of the accelerated vesting of Equity Awards in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (i.e., the vesting of the most recently granted Equity Awards will be cancelled first and if more than one Equity Award was made to Executive on the same date of grant, all such awards will have their acceleration of vesting reduced pro rata) unless Executive elects in writing a different order for cancellation; and (iv) reduction of employee benefits in reverse chronological order (i.e., the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the first benefit to be reduced).  In no event will the Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of payment reductions.  
 Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section 5 will be made in writing by the Company s independent public accountants immediately prior to a Change of Control or such other person or entity to which the parties mutually agree (the   Firm  ), whose determination will be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company.  For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 5, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code.  The Company and Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section.  The Company will bear all costs the Firm may incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 5.  
   6.  Definition of Terms .  The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings: 
 (a)  Cause .    Cause   means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) Executive s conviction of, or plea of  no contest  to, a felony or any crime involving fraud or embezzlement; (ii) Executive s intentional misconduct; (iii) Executive s material failure to perform his or her employment duties; (iv) Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any other party to whom Executive owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of his or her relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (v) an act of material fraud or dishonesty against the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (vi) Executive s material violation of any policy of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or material breach of any written agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (vii) Executive s failure to cooperate with the Company in any investigation or formal proceeding .  
   
 -7- 

The foregoing definition does not in any way limit the Company s ability to terminate Executive s employment relationship at any time as provided in Section 2 above, and the term  Company  will be interpreted to include any subsidiary, parent, affiliate or successor thereto, if applicable.  
 (b)  Change of Control.     Change of Control   means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 (i) any  person  (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities; or 
 (ii) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; or 
 (iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least 50% of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or 
 (iv) a change in the composition of the Board, as a result of which less than a majority of the directors are Incumbent Directors.   Incumbent Directors   means directors who either (A) are directors of the Company as of the effective date of this Policy, or (B) are elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of the directors of the Company at the time of such election or nomination (but will not include an individual whose election or nomination is in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the election of directors to the Company). 
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be a Change of Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A.    Further and for purposes of clarity, a transaction will not constitute a Change of Control if its primary purposes is to:  (x) change the state of the Company s incorporation, or (y) create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
 (c)  Change of Control Period .    Change of Control Period   means the period beginning three (3) months prior to, and ending twelve (12) months following, the first Change of Control to occur after the Effective Date. 
 (d)  COBRA .    COBRA   means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. 
 (e)  Code .   Code   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
   
 -8- 

(f)   Disability  .     Disability    means the total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code unless the Company maintains a long-term disability plan at the time Executive s termination, in which case, the determination of disability under such plan also will be considered  Disability  for purposes of this Agreement.  
 (g)  Equity Awards .    Equity Awards   means Executive s outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance stock units and any other Company equity compensation awards. 
 (h)  Good Reason .    Good Reason   means Executive s termination of his or her employment in accordance with the next sentence after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without Executive s express written consent: (i) a material reduction of Executive s duties, authorities, or responsibilities relative to Executive s duties, authorities, or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction; (ii) a material reduction by the Company in Executive s rate of annual base salary; provided, however, that, a reduction of annual base salary that also applies to substantially all other similarly situated employees of the Company will not constitute  Good Reason  (iii) a material change in the geographic location of Executive s primary work facility or location; provided, that a relocation of less than thirty-five (35) miles from Executive s then present location will not be considered a material change in geographic location; or (iv) the failure of the Company to obtain from any successor or transferee of the Company an express written and unconditional assumption of the Company s obligations to Executive under this Agreement.  In order for Executive s termination of his or her employment to be for Good Reason, Executive must not terminate employment with the Company without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for  Good Reason  within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for  Good Reason  and a cure period of thirty (30) days following the date of written notice (the   Cure Period  ), such grounds must not have been cured during such time, and Executive must terminate his or her employment within thirty (30) days following the Cure Period.     
 (i)  Section 409A Limit .    Section 409A Limit   will mean two (2) times the lesser of: (i) Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during Executive s taxable year preceding the Executive s taxable year of Executive s termination of employment as determined under, and with such adjustments as are set forth in, Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated. 
   7.  Successors . 
     (a)  The Company s Successors .  Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company s business and/or assets will assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession.  For all purposes under this Agreement, the term  Company  will  
   
 -9- 

include any successor to the Company s business and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 7(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law.  
 (b)  Executive s Successors .  The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
   8.  Notice . 
   (a)  General .  Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when sent electronically or personally delivered when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid or when delivered by a private courier service such as UPS, DHL or Federal Express that has tracking capability.  In the case of Executive, notices will be sent to the e-mail address or addressed to Executive at the home address, in either case which Executive most recently communicated to the Company in writing.  In the case of the Company, electronic notices will be sent to the e-mail address of the Chief Executive Officer and the General Counsel and mailed notices will be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices will be directed to the attention of its Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel. 
 (b)  Notice of Termination .  Any termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 8(a) of this Agreement.  Such notice will indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than ninety (90) days after the giving of such notice).   
 9.  Resignation .  Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive will be deemed to have resigned from all officer and/or director positions held at the Company and its affiliates voluntarily, without any further required action by Executive, as of the end of Executive s employment and Executive, at the Board s request, will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect Executive s resignation. 
 10.  Arbitration . 
   (a)  Arbitration .  In consideration of Executive s employment with the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment - related disputes, and Executive s receipt of the compensation, pay raises and other benefits paid to Executive by the Company, at present and in the future, Executive agrees that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, stockholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from Executive s employment with the Company or termination thereof, including any breach of this Agreement, will be subject to binding arbitration under the Arbitration Rules set forth in California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1280 through 1294.2, including Section 1281.8 (the  
   
 -10- 

Act   ), and pursuant to California law.  The Federal Arbitration Act will also apply with full force and effect, notwithstanding the application of procedural rules set forth under the Act.  
 (b)  Dispute Resolution .   Disputes that Executive agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a trial by jury, include any statutory claims under local, state, or federal law , including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Sarbanes Oxley Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, the California Labor Code, claims of harassment, discrimination, and wrongful termination, and any statutory or common law claims.  Executive further understands that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with Executive. 
 (c)  Procedure .  Executive agrees that any arbitration will be administered by the Judicial Arbitration   Mediation Services, Inc. (  JAMS  ), pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules   Procedures (the   JAMS Rules  ).  The arbitrator will have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and/or adjudication, motions to dismiss and demurrers, and motions for class certification, prior to any arbitration hearing.  The arbitrator will have the power to award any remedies available under applicable law, and the arbitrator will award attorneys  fees and costs to the prevailing party, except as prohibited by law.  The Company will pay for any administrative or hearing fees charged by the administrator or JAMS, and all arbitrator s fees, except that Executive will pay any filing fees associated with any arbitration that Executive initiates, but only so much of the filing fee as Executive would have instead paid had Executive filed a complaint in a court of law.  Executive agrees that the arbitrator will administer and conduct any arbitration in accordance with California law, including the California Code of Civil Procedure and the California Evidence Code, and that the arbitrator will apply substantive and procedural California law to any dispute or claim, without reference to the rules of conflict of law.  To the extent that the JAMS Rules conflict with California law, California law will take precedence.  The decision of the arbitrator will be in writing.  Any arbitration under this Agreement will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California. 
 (d)  Remedy .  Except as provided by the Act, arbitration will be the sole, exclusive, and final remedy for any dispute between Executive and the Company.   Accordingly, except as provided by the Act and this Agreement, neither Executive nor the Company will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration .  Notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have the authority to disregard or refuse to enforce any lawful Company policy, and the arbitrator will not order or require the Company to adopt a policy not otherwise required by law which the Company has not adopted. 
 (e)  Administrative Relief .  Executive is not prohibited from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, state, or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, including, but not limited to, the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or the Workers  Compensation Board.  However, Executive may not pursue court action regarding any such claim, except as permitted by law. 
   
 -11- 

(f)   Voluntary Nature of Agreement  .  Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone else.  Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive has carefully read this Agreement and that Executive has asked any questions needed for Executive to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and fully understands it, including that   EXECUTIVE IS WAIVING EXECUTIVE S RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL  .  Finally, Executive agrees that Executive has been provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of Executive s choice before signing this Agreement.  
 11.  Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a)  No Duty to Mitigate .  Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source. 
 (b)  Waiver .  No provision of this Agreement will be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive).  No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 (c)  Headings .  All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
 (d)  Entire Agreement .  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Accordingly, by executing this Agreement and during the Term only, Executive hereby forfeits and waives any rights to severance or change of control benefits set forth in any employment agreement, offer letter and/or Equity Award agreement, except as set forth in this Agreement.  For purposes of clarification, following the Term, Executive remains eligible to receive severance or change of control benefits set forth in any employment agreement, offer letter and/or Equity Award agreement.  No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto and which specifically mention this Agreement. 
 (e)  Choice of Law .  The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions).  Any claims or legal actions by one party against the other arising out of the relationship between the parties contemplated herein (whether or not arising under this Agreement) will be commenced or maintained in any state or federal court located in the jurisdiction where Executive resides, and Executive and the Company hereby submit to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court. 
   
 -12- 

(f)   Severability  .  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect.  
 (g)  Withholding .  All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable income, employment and other taxes. 
 (h)  Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 [Signature Page to Follow] 

-13- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year set forth below.  

COMPANY  

QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC.  

By:  

/s/ Steven Boal  

Title:  

CEO  

Date:  

August 2, 2016  

EXECUTIVE  

By:  

/s/ Mir Aamir  

Title:  

President and COO  

Date:  

August 2, 2016  

[Signature page of the Change of Control Severance Agreement] 
   
 -14-  

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 quot-ex105_257.htm
 EX-10.5 CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT WITH RONALD J. FIOR

quot-ex105_257.htm

Exhibit 10.5 
 QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC. 
 CHANGE OF CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Change of Control Severance Agreement (the   Agreement  ) is made and entered into by and between Ronald J. Fior (  Executive  ) and Quotient Technology Inc. (the   Company  ), effective as of August 2, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ). 
  RECITALS  
 1. The Compensation Committee (the   Committee  ) of the Board of Directors of the Company (the   Board  ) believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders (i) to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication and objectivity of Executive, and (ii) to provide Executive with an incentive to continue Executive s employment prior to a Change of Control and to motivate Executive to maximize the value of the Company upon a Change of Control for the benefit of its stockholders. 
 2. The Committee believes that it is imperative to provide Executive with certain severance benefits upon Executive s termination of employment under certain circumstances.  These benefits will provide Executive with enhanced financial security and incentive and encouragement to remain with the Company.   
 3. Certain capitalized terms used in the Agreement are defined in Section 6 below. 
  AGREEMENT  
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1.  Term of Agreement .  This Agreement will have a term of three (3) years commencing on the Effective Date (the   Term  ) and any obligations of the Company hereunder will lapse upon the completion of the Term.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, (a) if a Change of Control occurs when there are fewer than twelve (12) months remaining during the Term, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is twelve (12) months following the effective date of the Change of Control, or (b) if an initial occurrence of an act or omission by the Company constituting the grounds for  Good Reason  in accordance with Section 6(h) hereof has occurred (the   Initial Grounds  ), and the expiration date of the Cure Period (as such term is used in Section 6(h)) with respect to such Initial Grounds could occur following the expiration of the Term, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is thirty (30) days following the expiration of the Cure Period, but such extension of the term will only apply with respect to the Initial Grounds.  If Executive becomes entitled to benefits under Section 3 during the term of this Agreement, the Agreement will not terminate until all of the obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied. 

2.   At-Will Employment  .  The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law.  As an at-will employee, either the Company or Executive may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without Cause.  
   3.  Severance Benefits . 
 (a)  Termination without Cause Outside of the Change of Control Period  .  If the Company terminates Executive s employment with the Company without Cause (and not by reason of Executive s death or Disability), and such termination occurs outside of the Change of Control Period, then subject to Section 4, Executive will receive the following:  
 (i)  Accrued Compensation .  The Company will pay Executive all accrued but unpaid vacation (if any), expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements when legally required.   
 (ii)  Severance Payment .  Executive will receive a lump-sum payment (less applicable withholding taxes) equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination date.   
 (iii)  COBRA Payment .  The Company will provide to Executive a taxable lump-sum payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executive s group health coverage in effect on the date of Executive s termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), multiplied by nine (9), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage (the   COBRA Payment  ).  For the avoidance of doubt, the COBRA Payment may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings.   
 (b)  Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason During the Change of Control Period  .  If the Company terminates Executive s employment with the Company without Cause (and not by reason of Executive s death or Disability) or if Executive resigns from such employment for Good Reason, and, in each case, such termination occurs during the Change of Control Period, then subject to Section 4, Executive will receive the following:   
 (i)  Accrued Compensation .  The Company will pay Executive all accrued but unpaid vacation (if any), expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements when legally required.   
 (ii)  Severance Payment .  Executive will receive a lump-sum payment (less applicable withholding taxes) equal to one hundred percent (100%) of Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination date (or if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction) or, if greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control.   
   
 -2- 

(iii)   Bonus Payment.    Executive will receive a lump-sum payment (less applicable withholding taxes) equal to   one hundred percent (100%)   of Executive s annual bonus for the year of termination at target level as in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination date (and for purposes of clarification, if Executive s annual bonus target is expressed as a percentage of Executive s annual base salary and   Executive s termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in base salary, then the payment to be made pursuant to this section will be calculated based on Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such reduction)  , or, if greater, at the level in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control.  
 (iv)  COBRA Payment .  The Company will provide to Executive a taxable lump-sum payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executive s group health coverage in effect on the date of Executive s termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), multiplied by twelve (12), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage (the   Change of Control COBRA Payment  ).  For the avoidance of doubt, the Change of Control COBRA Payment may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings.   
 (v)  Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards .  One hundred percent (100%) of Executive s then-outstanding and unvested Equity Awards will become vested in full and in the case of stock options and stock appreciation rights, will become exercisable (for avoidance of doubt, no more than one hundred percent (100%) of the shares subject to the outstanding portion of the Equity Awards may vest and become exercisable under this provision).  In the case of Equity Awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals and other vesting criteria will be treated as set forth in Executive s Equity Award agreement governing such Equity Award.  For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company terminates Executive s employment with the Company without Cause (and not by reason of Executive s death or Disability) or if Executive resigns from such employment for Good Reason prior to a Change of Control, then any unvested portion of Executive s outstanding Equity Awards will remain outstanding for three (3) months or the occurrence of a Change of Control (whichever is earlier) so that any acceleration benefits can be provided if a Change of Control occurs within three (3) months following such termination (provided that in no event will the Equity Awards remain outstanding beyond the Equity Award s maximum term or expiration date).  In such case, if no Change of Control occurs within three (3) months following Executive s termination, any unvested portion of Executive s Equity Awards automatically will be forfeited without having vested.   
 (c)  Voluntary Resignation; Termination for Cause .  If Executive s employment with the Company terminates (i) voluntarily by Executive (other than for Good Reason during the Change of Control Period) or (ii) for Cause by the Company, then Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company (if any). 
   
 -3- 

(d)   Disability; Death  .  If the Company terminates Executive s employment as a result of Executive s Disability, or Executive s employment terminates due to Executive s death, then Executive will not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be established under the Company s then existing written severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company (if any).  
 (e)  Exclusive Remedy .  In the event of a termination of Executive employment as set forth in Section 3(a) or Section 3(b) of this Agreement, the provisions of Section 3 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which Executive or the Company otherwise may be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity, or under this Agreement (other than the payment of accrued but unpaid wages, as required by law, and any unreimbursed reimbursable expenses).  Executive will be entitled to no benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon a termination of employment other than those benefits expressly set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, the payments and benefits under Section 3(b) of this Agreement are in place of and not in addition to, any payments to which Executive may have become entitled under Section 3(a) of this Agreement.  To the extent Executive received or began receiving payment under Section 3(a) of this Agreement, and, due to a Change of Control, becomes eligible for payments under Section 3(b) of this Agreement, the payments previously made under Section 3(a) of this Agreement will be deemed to have been made under Section 3(b) of this Agreement.   
     4.  Conditions to Receipt of Severance; No Duty to Mitigate  
   (a)  Release of Claims Agreement .  The receipt of any severance payments or benefits (other than the accrued benefits set forth in Section 3(a)(i) or Section 3(b)(i)) pursuant to this Agreement is subject to Executive signing and not revoking the Company s then-standard separation agreement and release of claims (which may include an agreement not to disparage the Company, restrictive covenants (which may include non-solicit or non-competition provisions as permitted by law), and other standard terms and conditions) (the   Release   and such requirement, the   Release Requirement  ), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination of employment (the   Release Deadline  ).  Any severance payments or benefits under this Agreement will be paid on the first regular payroll pay day following the Release Deadline, or, if later, (A) with respect to the benefits provided in Section 3(b)(ii), 3(b)(iii), 3(b)(iv) or 3(b)(v) and in each case, to the extent not already provided under Section 3(a), if the Executive s termination date occurs within the Change of Control Period but prior to the closing of the Change of Control, on the date of the closing of the Change of Control or (B) such time as required by Section 4(c)(iii), except that the acceleration of vesting of Equity Awards not subject to Section 409A will become effective on the tenth (10th) day following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable (the   Release Effective Date  ) and the acceleration of vesting of Equity Awards subject to Section 409A will become effective on the Release Deadline, or, in either event, if later, with respect to the benefits provided in Section 3(b)(v), if Executive s termination date occurs within the Change of Control Period but prior to the closing of the Change of Control, on the date of the closing of the Change of Control.  If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, Executive will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under this Agreement.  In no event will severance payments or benefits be paid or provided until the Release actually becomes effective and irrevocable. 
   
 -4- 

(b)   Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreements      .    Executive s receipt of any payments or benefits under Section 3 (other than the accrued benefits set forth in Section 3(a)(i) or Section 3(b)(i)) will be subject to Executive continuing to comply with the terms of the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement between the Company and Executive, as such agreement may be amended from time to time.   
   (c)  Section 409A . 
 (i)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits, are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder (   Section 409A   ) (together, the    Deferred Payments   ) will be paid or otherwise provided until Executive has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A.  Similarly, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(b)(9) will be payable until Executive has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A.    In no event will   Executive   have discretion to determine the taxable year of payment of any Deferred Payments.     
 (ii)  It is intended that none of the severance payments under this Agreement will constitute Deferred Payments but rather will be exempt from Section 409A as a payment that would fall within the  short-term deferral period  as described in Section 4(c)(iv) below or resulting from an involuntary separation from service as described in Section 4(c)(v) below.    
 (iii)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executive s separation from service (other than due to death), then the Deferred Payments, if any, that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executive s separation from service, will become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive s separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Payments, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following Executive s separation from service, but before the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive s death and all other Deferred Payments will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.  Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment under Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations.  
 (iv)  Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the  short-term deferral  rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.  
   
 -5- 

(v)   Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.   
 (vi)  The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be exempt or so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition before actual payment to Executive under Section 409A.  In no event will the Company reimburse Executive for any taxes that may be imposed on Executive as a result of Section 409A.  
 5.  Limitation on Payments .  In the event that the severance and other benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable to Executive (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this Section 5, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive s benefits under Section 3 will be either: 
 (a) delivered in full, or 
 (b) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, 
 whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code.  If a reduction in severance and other benefits constituting  parachute payments  is necessary so that benefits are delivered to a lesser extent, reduction will occur in the following order: (i) reduction of cash payments in reverse chronological order (that is, the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced); (ii) cancellation of Equity Awards that were granted  contingent on a change in ownership or control  within the meaning of Code Section 280G (if two or more Equity Awards are granted on the same date, each award will be reduced on a pro-rata basis); (iii) reduction of the accelerated vesting of Equity Awards in the reverse order of date of grant of the awards (i.e., the vesting of the most recently granted Equity Awards will be cancelled first and if more than one Equity Award was made to Executive on the same date of grant, all such awards will have their acceleration of vesting reduced pro rata) unless Executive elects in writing a different order for cancellation; and (iv) reduction of employee benefits in reverse chronological order (i.e., the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the first benefit to be reduced).  In no event will the Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of payment reductions. 
   
 -6- 

Unless the Company and   Executive   otherwise agree in writing, any   determination required under this Section 5 will be made in writing by the Company s independent public accountants immediately prior to a Change of Control or such other person or entity to which the parties mutually agree (the    Firm   ), whose determination will be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company.  For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 5, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code.  The Company and Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section.  The Company will bear all costs the Firm may incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 5.   
   6.  Definition of Terms .  The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings: 
 (a)  Cause .    Cause   means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) Executive s conviction of, or plea of  no contest  to, a felony or any crime involving fraud or embezzlement; (ii) Executive s intentional misconduct; (iii) Executive s material failure to perform his or her employment duties; (iv) Executive s unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any other party to whom Executive owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of his or her relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (v) an act of material fraud or dishonesty against the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (vi) Executive s material violation of any policy of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or material breach of any written agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (vii) Executive s failure to cooperate with the Company in any investigation or formal proceeding .  
 The foregoing definition does not in any way limit the Company s ability to terminate Executive s employment relationship at any time as provided in Section 2 above, and the term  Company  will be interpreted to include any subsidiary, parent, affiliate or successor thereto, if applicable. 
 (b)  Change of Control.     Change of Control   means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 (i) any  person  (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities; or 
 (ii) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; or 
   (iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either  
   
 -7- 

by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least 50% of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or  
 (iv) a change in the composition of the Board, as a result of which less than a majority of the directors are Incumbent Directors.   Incumbent Directors   means directors who either (A) are directors of the Company as of the effective date of this Policy, or (B) are elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of the directors of the Company at the time of such election or nomination (but will not include an individual whose election or nomination is in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the election of directors to the Company). 
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be a Change of Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A.    Further and for purposes of clarity, a transaction will not constitute a Change of Control if its primary purposes is to:  (x) change the state of the Company s incorporation, or (y) create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
 (c)  Change of Control Period .    Change of Control Period   means the period beginning three (3) months prior to, and ending twelve (12) months following, the first Change of Control to occur after the Effective Date. 
 (d)  COBRA .    COBRA   means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. 
 (e)  Code .   Code   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (f)  Disability .    Disability   means the total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code unless the Company maintains a long-term disability plan at the time Executive s termination, in which case, the determination of disability under such plan also will be considered  Disability  for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (g)  Equity Awards .    Equity Awards   means Executive s outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance stock units and any other Company equity compensation awards. 
   (h)  Good Reason .    Good Reason   means Executive s termination of his or her employment in accordance with the next sentence after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without Executive s express written consent: (i) a material reduction of Executive s duties, authorities, or responsibilities relative to Executive s duties, authorities, or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction; (ii) a material reduction by the Company in Executive s rate of annual base salary; provided, however, that, a reduction of annual base salary that also applies to substantially all other similarly situated employees of the Company will not constitute  Good Reason  (iii) a material change in the geographic location of Executive s primary work facility or location; provided, that a relocation of less than thirty-five (35) miles from Executive s then present location will not be considered a material change in  
   
 -8- 

geographic location; or (iv) the failure of the Company to obtain from any successor or transferee of the Company an express written and unconditional assumption of the Company s obligations to Executive under this Agreement.  In order for Executive s termination of his or her employment to be for Good Reason, Executive must not terminate employment with the Company without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for  Good Reason  within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for  Good Reason  and a cure period of thirty (30) days following the date of written notice (the    Cure Period   ), such grounds must not have been cured during such time, and Executive must terminate his or her employment within thirty (30) days following the Cure Period.      
 (i)  Section 409A Limit .    Section 409A Limit   will mean two (2) times the lesser of: (i) Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during Executive s taxable year preceding the Executive s taxable year of Executive s termination of employment as determined under, and with such adjustments as are set forth in, Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated. 
   7.  Successors . 
   (a)  The Company s Successors .  Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company s business and/or assets will assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession.  For all purposes under this Agreement, the term  Company  will include any successor to the Company s business and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 7(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law. 
 (b)  Executive s Successors .  The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
   8.  Notice . 
     (a)  General .  Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when sent electronically or personally delivered when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid or when delivered by a private courier service such as UPS, DHL or Federal Express that has tracking capability.  In the case of Executive, notices will be sent to the e-mail address or addressed to Executive at the home address, in either case which Executive most recently communicated to the Company in writing.  In the case of the Company, electronic notices will be sent to the e-mail address of the Chief Executive Officer and the  
   
 -9- 

General Counsel and mailed notices will be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices will be directed to the attention of its Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel.  
 (b)  Notice of Termination .  Any termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 8(a) of this Agreement.  Such notice will indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than ninety (90) days after the giving of such notice).   
 9.  Resignation .  Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive will be deemed to have resigned from all officer and/or director positions held at the Company and its affiliates voluntarily, without any further required action by Executive, as of the end of Executive s employment and Executive, at the Board s request, will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect Executive s resignation. 
 10.  Arbitration . 
 (a)  Arbitration .  In consideration of Executive s employment with the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment - related disputes, and Executive s receipt of the compensation, pay raises and other benefits paid to Executive by the Company, at present and in the future, Executive agrees that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, stockholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from Executive s employment with the Company or termination thereof, including any breach of this Agreement, will be subject to binding arbitration under the Arbitration Rules set forth in California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1280 through 1294.2, including Section 1281.8 (the   Act  ), and pursuant to California law.  The Federal Arbitration Act will also apply with full force and effect, notwithstanding the application of procedural rules set forth under the Act. 
 (b)  Dispute Resolution .   Disputes that Executive agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a trial by jury, include any statutory claims under local, state, or federal law , including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Sarbanes Oxley Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, the California Labor Code, claims of harassment, discrimination, and wrongful termination, and any statutory or common law claims.  Executive further understands that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with Executive. 
   (c)  Procedure .  Executive agrees that any arbitration will be administered by the Judicial Arbitration   Mediation Services, Inc. (  JAMS  ), pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules   Procedures (the   JAMS Rules  ).  The arbitrator will have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and/or adjudication, motions to dismiss and demurrers, and motions for class  
   
 -10- 

certification, prior to any arbitration hearing.  The arbitrator will have the power to award any remedies available under applicable law, and the arbitrator will award attorneys  fees and costs to the prevailing party, except as prohibited by law.  The Company will pay for any administrative or hearing fees charged by the administrator or JAMS, and all arbitrator s fees, except that Executive will pay any filing fees associated with any arbitration that Executive initiates, but only so much of the filing fee as Executive would have instead paid had Executive filed a complaint in a court of law.  Executive agrees that the arbitrator will administer and conduct any arbitration in accordance with California law, including the California Code of Civil Procedure and the California Evidence Code, and that the arbitrator will apply substantive and procedural California law to any dispute or claim, without reference to the rules of conflict of law.  To the extent that the JAMS Rules conflict with California law, California law will take precedence.  The decision of the arbitrator will be in writing.  Any arbitration under this Agreement will be conducted in Santa Clara County, California.  
 (d)  Remedy .  Except as provided by the Act, arbitration will be the sole, exclusive, and final remedy for any dispute between Executive and the Company.   Accordingly, except as provided by the Act and this Agreement, neither Executive nor the Company will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration .  Notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have the authority to disregard or refuse to enforce any lawful Company policy, and the arbitrator will not order or require the Company to adopt a policy not otherwise required by law which the Company has not adopted. 
 (e)  Administrative Relief .  Executive is not prohibited from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, state, or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, including, but not limited to, the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or the Workers  Compensation Board.  However, Executive may not pursue court action regarding any such claim, except as permitted by law. 
 (f)  Voluntary Nature of Agreement .  Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone else.  Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive has carefully read this Agreement and that Executive has asked any questions needed for Executive to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and fully understands it, including that  EXECUTIVE IS WAIVING EXECUTIVE S RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL .  Finally, Executive agrees that Executive has been provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of Executive s choice before signing this Agreement. 
 11.  Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a)  No Duty to Mitigate .  Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source. 
   (b)  Waiver .  No provision of this Agreement will be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by  
   
 -11- 

Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive).  No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.  
 (c)  Headings .  All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
 (d)  Entire Agreement .  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Accordingly, by executing this Agreement and both during and following the Term, Executive hereby forfeits and waives any rights to severance or change of control benefits set forth in any employment agreement, offer letter and/or Equity Award agreement, except as set forth in this Agreement.  For purposes of clarification, following the Term, Executive will not be eligible to receive severance or change of control benefits set forth in any employment agreement, offer letter and/or Equity Award agreement.  No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto and which specifically mention this Agreement. 
 (e)  Choice of Law .  The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions).  Any claims or legal actions by one party against the other arising out of the relationship between the parties contemplated herein (whether or not arising under this Agreement) will be commenced or maintained in any state or federal court located in the jurisdiction where Executive resides, and Executive and the Company hereby submit to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court. 
 (f)  Severability .  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect. 
 (g)  Withholding .  All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable income, employment and other taxes. 
 (h)  Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 [Signature Page to Follow] 
   
 -12- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year set forth below.  

COMPANY  

QUOTIENT TECHNOLOGY INC.  

By:  

Steven Boal  

Title:  

CEO  

Date:  

August 2, 2016  

[Signature page of the Change of Control Severance Agreement] 
   
 -13-  

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 quot-ex106_606.htm
 EX-10.6 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

quot-ex106_606.htm

Exhibit 10.6 
   
 QUOTIENT   TECHNOLOGY   INC. 
 RESTRICTED   STOCK   UNITS   AGREEMENT 
 (For U.S.   Participants [  Double Trigger Acceleration]) 

Quotient Technology Inc. (f/k/a   Coupons.com   Incorporated)   has   granted to the   Participant   named   in   the    Notice     of     Grant     of     Restricted     Stock     Units    (the       Grant     Notice    )   to   which   this   Restricted   Stock   Units   Agreement   (the       Agreement    )   is   attached   an   Award   consisting   of   Restricted   Stock   Units   (each   a       Unit    )   subject   to   the   terms    and    conditions   set   forth   in   the   Grant   Notice   and   this   Agreement.    The   Award   has   been   granted   pursuant   to   and   shall   in   all   respects   be   subject   to   the   terms   conditions   of   the   Quotient   Technology    Inc.    2013 Equity   Incentive   Plan   (the       Plan    ),   as   amended   to   the   Date   of   Grant,   the   provisions   of   which   are   incorporated   herein  by    reference.     By    signing the   Grant   Notice,   the   Participant:   (a) acknowledges   receipt   of   and   represents   that   the   Participant   has   read   and   is   familiar   with   the   Grant   Notice,   this   Agreement,   the   Plan   and   a  prospectus   for     the     Plan     prepared    in    connection   with the   registration     with     the     Securities     and     Exchange     Commission     of     the     shares     issuable     pursuant    to    the     Award     (the        Plan     Prospectus     ),    (b) accepts   the   Award   subject   to   all   of   the   terms   and   conditions   of   the   Grant   Notice,   this   Agreement   and   the   Plan   and   (c) agrees   to   accept   as   binding,   conclusive   and   final   all   decisions   or   interpretations   of   the   Committee   upon    any  questions   arising   under   the   Grant   Notice,   this Agreement or the Plan. 

1.   
 
    DEFINITIONS     AND     CONSTRUCTION  .     

1.1   Definitions  .      Unless     otherwise     defined     herein,     capitalized     terms     shall     have    the  meanings   assigned  to    such   terms  in the  Grant     Notice  or   the  Plan.  
   
   1.2   Construction  .      Captions     and     titles     contained    herein    are     for    convenience   only    and     shall    not    affect    the    meaning    or    interpretation    of    any    provision   of   this    Agreement.     Except     when     otherwise     indicated     by    the   context,   the    singular    shall    include    the    plural     and    the    plural     shall     include    the    singular.      Use     of    the    term      or     is   not    intended    to    be     exclusive,     unless    the   context  clearly     requires   otherwise.  

2.   
 
    ADMINISTRATION  .     

All   questions   of   interpretation   concerning   the   Grant   Notice,   this   Agreement,   the   Plan   or    any    other   form   of   agreement   or   other   document   employed    by    the   Company   in   the   administration   of   the   Plan   or   the   Award   shall   be   determined    by    the   Committee.    All   such   determinations    by    the   Committee   shall   be   final,   binding   and   conclusive   upon   all   persons   having   an   interest   in   the   Award,   unless   fraudulent   or   made   in   bad   faith.    Any    and   all   actions,   decisions   and   determinations   taken   or   made    by    the   Committee   in   the   exercise   of   its   discretion   pursuant   to   the   Plan   or   the   Award or   other   agreement   thereunder   (other   than   determining   questions   of   interpretation   pursuant   to   the   preceding   sentence)   shall   be   final,   binding   and   conclusive   upon   all   persons   having   an   interest   in   the   Award.    Any    Officer   shall   have   the   authority to   act   on   behalf    of    the   Company   with   respect   to   any   matter,   right,   obligation,   or   election   which   is   the   responsibility   of   or   which   is   allocated   to   the   Company herein,   provided   the   Officer   has   apparent   authority   with   respect to such matter, right, obligation, or   election. 

3.1   Grant     of     Units.        On     the     Date    of    Grant,    the    Participant     shall     acquire,     subject    to   the    provisions    of   this    Agreement,    the    Total     Number    of    Units     set     forth    in   the    Grant     Notice,     subject    to    adjustment     as     provided    in    Section   9.      Each     Unit     represents    a    right    to    receive    on   a    date     determined    in    accordance     with    the    Grant     Notice     and    this    Agreement    one    (1)    share   of    Stock.  
   
   3.2   No     Monetary     Payment     Required.      The     Participant    is   not    required    to    make     any    monetary    payment     (other     than     applicable     tax     withholding,    if    any)     as    a    condition    to    receiving    the    Units    or    shares    of    Stock     issued    upon    settlement    of   the    Units,    the    consideration     for     which     shall    be   past    services    actually    rendered    or    future     services    to    be     rendered    to   a    Participating    Company   or    for    its    benefit.      Notwithstanding    the    foregoing,    if    required     by     applicable     law,    the    Participant     shall    furnish    consideration    in   the   form   of    cash     or    past    services     rendered    to   a    Participating    Company    or     for    its    benefit     having    a    value    not    less     than    the    par     value    of   the    shares    of  Stock   issued  upon  settlement  of   the  Units.  

4.   
 
    VESTING     OF     UNITS  .     

4.1   Normal     Vesting.      Except     as     provided     by  Section 4.2,      Units     acquired     pursuant    to   this    Agreement     shall     become     Vested     Units     as     provided    in    the     Grant     Notice.    For    purposes    of    determining    the    number    of    Vested     Units     following     an     Ownership     Change    Event,    credited     Service     shall    include    all     Service     with     any     corporation     which    is   a    Participating    Company    at    the   time   the    Service    is    rendered,     whether    or   not    such     corporation    is   a    Participating    Company   both  before     and   after  the    Ownership   Change  Event. 
   
     4.2   [  Acceleration     of     Vesting     in     Connection     with     a     Change     in     Control  .      In    the    event     of    a    Change     in     Control,    the   vesting    of     Units     shall    be    accelerated     as     follows,    to   the   extent  applicable:  
   
   (a)   Failure   of     Acquiror to     Assume,     Continue   or   Substitute   for   the     Award.   Provided that the Participant s Service has not terminated prior to the date of   consummation of the Change in Control, all unvested Units subject to any   portion of the Award   that will not be assumed or continued  by    the Acquiror or replaced   with a substituted award with   respect to the Acquiror s   stock in accordance with Section  8  in connection   with the Change in   Control shall become Vested Units and be settled   in accordance   with Section 6.1   immediately    prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. 
   
     (b)   Termination   of     Service   in   Connection     with   a   Change   in     Control.      In  the event of   the Participant s Termination of Service in Connection with a Change   in Control, all unvested Units subject to that portion of the Award that has   been assumed  or    continued  by    the Acquiror or replaced with a substituted award with respect   to the Acquiror s   stock in accordance with Section  8  in connection   with the Change in Control shall become   Vested Units and be settled in accordance with Section 6.1 upon the   date  of   such termination.   For the purposes of this Section,  Termination of   Service in Connection with a Change in   Control  means the involuntary   termination  by    the   Participating   Company   Group other than   for   Cause (and excluding   termination as a result of the Participant s death or Disability) of the Participant s Service during   the period  
 Page 2 of 9 

commencing     at   the     effective   time     of     a   Change   in   Control     and   ending     on the   date   occurring     twelve   (12)   months   thereafter.]  

5.   
 
    COMPANY     REACQUISITION     RIGHT  .     

5.1   Grant     of     Company     Reacquisition     Right.      Except    to   the   extent    otherwise     provided     by    the    Superseding     Agreement,    if    any,  in   the    event     that    the    Participant s     Service     terminates     for     any     reason    or   no    reason,     with    or   without    cause,    the   Participant    shall     forfeit     and    the   Company    shall     automatically     reacquire     all     Units     which     are    not,    as    of   the   time   of    such     termination,     Vested    Units    (   Unvested     Units   )  ,    and   the    Participant     shall    not   be    entitled    to    any     payment   therefor (the    Company   Reacquisition     Right   ).  
   
   5.2   Ownership     Change     Event,     Non-Cash     Dividends,     Distributions     and     Adjustments  .        Upon  the    occurrence  of  an    Ownership  Change  Event, a   dividend or  distribution  to   the    stockholders    of   the   Company  paid    in   shares   of    Stock    or   other    property,    or    any   other     adjustment    upon   a   change   in   the    capital     structure    of   the   Company    as    described   in    Section   9 ,   any    and     all     new,     substituted    or    additional     securities    or    other    property   (other    than     regular,     periodic     cash     dividends     paid    on    Stock     pursuant    to   the    Company s     dividend     policy)    to    which    the    Participant  is  entitled  by    reason  of   the    Participant s   ownership  of    Unvested   Units   shall  be    immediately    subject   to   the   Company    Reacquisition     Right     and     included    in   the    terms      Units      and      Unvested     Units      for     all     purposes    of   the   Company    Reacquisition     Right    with   the    same    force    and     effect   as  the    Unvested     Units   immediately     prior    to the    Ownership   Change     Event,   dividend,     distribution    or    adjustment,     as    the   case    may    be.   For   purposes   of   determining   the   number    of     Vested     Units     following     an     Ownership     Change     Event,     dividend,     distribution    or    adjustment,     credited     Service     shall    include    all     Service     with     any     corporation     which    is   a    Participating    Company    at    the   time   the    Service    is    rendered,     whether    or   not    such     corporation    is   a    Participating    Company   both  before     and   after   any     such   event.  

6.   
 
    SETTLEMENT     OF     THE     AWARD  .     

6.1   Issuance     of     Shares     of     Stock  .      Subject    to   the   provisions   of    Section   6.3,    the   Company   shall   issue   to    the     Participant    on   the    Settlement     Date     with     respect    to    each     Vested     Unit    to   be    settled    on    such     date    one    (1)     share    of    Stock.     The     Settlement     Date     with     respect    to   a    Unit     shall    be   the    date    on    which     such     Unit     becomes    a    Vested     Unit     as     provided    by the    Grant     Notice     (an        Original     Settlement     Date     );     provided,    however,    that    if   the    Original    Settlement    Date     would     occur    on   a    date    on   which   a    sale     by    the    Participant    of   the    shares    to   be    issued    in    settlement    of   the    Vested     Units     would     violate    the    Trading     Compliance    Policy of   the    Company,    the    Settlement     Date     for     such     Vested     Units     shall    be    deferred    until   the    next    day   on    which    the    sale    of    such     shares     would    not  violate  the  Trading   Compliance Policy,    but in   any    event  on   or   before   the   15th  day     of    the  third     calendar    month   following    calendar     year    of    the     Original     Settlement     Date.     Shares    of    Stock     issued    in    settlement    of    Units     shall    not   be   subject   to    any     restriction    on   transfer    other     than     any     such     restriction     as     may    be   required    pursuant    to   Section 6.3,       Section  7       or   the    Company s     Trading     Compliance Policy.  

6.2   Beneficial     Ownership     of     Shares;     Certificate     Registration  .      The Participant    hereby   authorizes   the    Company,    in   its   sole    discretion,    to   deposit   any   or    all     
 Page 3 of 9 

shares     acquired     by     the     Participant     pursuant     to     the     settlement     of     the     Award     with     the     Company s     transfer agent,     including     any     successor     transfer     agent,     to     be     held     in     book     entry     form,     or     to     deposit     such     shares     for     the     benefit     of     the     Participant     with     any     broker     with     which     the     Participant     has     an     account     relationship     of     which     the     Company     has     notice.     Except     as     provided     by     the     foregoing,     a     certificate     for     the     shares     acquired     by     the     Participant     shall     be     registered     in     the     name     of     the     Participant,     or,   if   applicable,   in the   names   of     the     heirs of     the   Participant.  
   
     6.3   Restrictions     on     Grant     of     the     Award     and     Issuance     of     Shares  .      The     grant    of   the    Award     and    issuance   of    shares     of     Stock    upon    settlement    of   the    Award     shall    be   subject   to    compliance     with     all     applicable     requirements    of    federal,     state     or     foreign    law    with     respect    to    such     securities.     No     shares    of    Stock    may    be     issued    hereunder   if   the   issuance   of    such     shares     would     constitute    a    violation    of   any    applicable     federal,     state    or    foreign     securities     laws    or    other     law    or    regulations    or   the    requirements    of    any     stock    exchange   or    market     system    upon    which    the   Stock   may    then    be    listed.     The    inability   of   the   Company   to    obtain     from    any   regulatory    body    having    jurisdiction    the    authority,    if    any,     deemed     by    the    Company s    legal    counsel    to   be   necessary   to   the    lawful    issuance   of    any     shares    subject   to   the    Award     shall     relieve     the    Company   of    any    liability   in    respect    of   the    failure    to   issue    such     shares     as    to    which     such     requisite    authority   shall   not    have     been     obtained.     As    a   condition   to   the    settlement    of   the    Award,    the   Company    may     require    the    Participant    to   satisfy    any     qualifications     that    may    be    necessary   or    appropriate,    to    evidence     compliance     with     any     applicable     law    or   regulation    and    to   make    any     representation    or   warranty    with   respect   thereto   as   may     be   requested   by    the  Company.  
   
   6.4   Fractional     Shares  .      The    Company   shall   not   be    required    to   issue    fractional     shares  upon the  settlement  of   the  Award.  

7.   
 
      TAX     WITHHOLDING  .     

7.1   In     General.      At    the    time    the    Grant     Notice    is    executed,    or    at    any   time    thereafter     as     requested   by    a    Participating     Company,    the    Participant    hereby    authorizes     withholding     from     payroll     and    any other    amounts     payable    to   the    Participant,     and     otherwise     agrees    to    make     adequate     provision     for,     any    sums    required    to   satisfy   the    federal,    state,    local     and     foreign     tax     (including     any    social    insurance)     withholding     obligations    of   the    Participating     Company,    if    any,     which    arise   in    connection     with    the    Award,    the    vesting    of    Units    or   the    issuance     of     shares    of    Stock    in    settlement    thereof.   The   Company   shall    have    no    obligation    to   deliver    shares    of    Stock    until   the    tax     withholding     obligations    of   the    Participating    Company   have    been     satisfied     by    the    Participant.  
   
   7.2   Assignment     of     Sale     Proceeds.      Subject    to    compliance     with     applicable     law     and    the    Company s    Trading    Compliance     Policy,    if    permitted     by    the    Company,    the    Participant    may   satisfy   the    Participating     Company s     tax     withholding     obligations    in    accordance     with     procedures   established     by    the   Company   providing  for  delivery    by    the  Participant  to the   Company   or   a   broker    approved     by    the   Company   of    properly    executed    instructions,     in    a   form    approved     by    the    Company,    providing    for    the    assignment    to   the   Company    of    the    proceeds    of   a    sale     with     respect  to some   or    all  of   the  shares  being    acquired    upon  settlement  of  Units.  
   
     7.3   Withholding     in     Shares.      The    Company    shall    have   the    right,    but   not   the    obligation,  to  require  the    Participant  to satisfy    all  or    any     portion  of   a  Participating     Company s   tax     
 Page 4 of 9 

withholding     obligations     by     deducting     from     the     shares     of     Stock     otherwise     deliverable     to     the   Participant     in     settlement     of     the     Award     a     number     of     whole     shares     having     a     fair     market     value,     as     determined     by   the     Company     as     of     the     date     on     which     the     tax     withholding     obligations     arise,     not     in     excess     of     the     amount     of     such     tax     withholding     obligations     determined     by     the     applicable     minimum     statutory     withholding     rates.  

8.   
 
      EFFECT     OF     CHANGE     IN     CONTROL  .     

In   the    event    of   a    Change    in    Control,     except    to   the   extent    that    the    Committee     determines    to    cash    out    the     Award    in    accordance     with     Section     13.1(c)    of    the     Plan,    the    surviving,     continuing,     successor,    or    purchasing    entity    or     parent     thereof,     as    the   case    may     be    (the       Acquiror   ),     may,    without   the    consent    of   the    Participant,     assume    or    continue    in    full     force     and     effect    the    Company s    rights    and     obligations    under    all    or    any     portion    of   the    outstanding     Units     or    substitute    for     all    or   any    portion    of   the    outstanding     Units    substantially    equivalent     rights     with     respect    to   the    Acquiror s     stock.     For     purposes    of   this    Section,    a    Unit     shall    be    deemed     assumed     if,     following    the   Change   in    Control,    the    Unit     confers    the    right    to    receive,    subject   to   the    terms     and     conditions    of   the    Plan     and    this    Agreement,    the    consideration     (whether     stock,     cash,    other    securities    or   property   or   a    combination     thereof)    to    which    a    holder    of   a    share    of    Stock    on   the    effective    date   of   the   Change   in    Control    was   entitled    (and    if    holders     were     offered    a    choice    of    consideration,    the    type     of     consideration     chosen     by    the    holders    of   a   majority    of    the    outstanding     shares     of   Stock);    provided,    however,     that    if    such     consideration    is   not   solely  common     stock    of   the    Acquiror,    the    Committee     may,     with    the    consent     of    the    Acquiror,     provide    for   the    consideration    to   be    received    upon    settlement    of   the    Unit    to    consist    solely    of     common     stock    of   the    Acquiror     equal    in    Fair     Market     Value    to   the    per    share   consideration    received     by    holders   of    Stock     pursuant    to   the    Change    in    Control.     The     Award     shall     terminate    and    cease    to   be    outstanding     effective     as    of   the   time   of    consummation    or   the    Change    in    Control     to    the    extent     that     Units     subject    to   the    Award     are     neither     assumed    or   continued    by    the    Acquiror     in     connection     with    the   Change   in    Control    nor    settled   as  of   the   time   of   the  Change  in  Control.  

9.   
 
      ADJUSTMENTS     FOR     CHANGES     IN     CAPITAL     STRUCTURE  .     

Subject   to   any   required   action    by    the   stockholders   of   the   Company   and   the   requirements   of   Section   409A   of   the   Code   to   the   extent   applicable,   in   the   event   of    any    change   in   the   Stock   effected   without   receipt   of   consideration    by    the   Company,   whether   through   merger,   consolidation,   reorganization,   reincorporation,   recapitalization,   reclassification,   stock   dividend,   stock   split,   reverse   stock   split,   split-up,   split-off,   spin-off,   combination    of    shares,   exchange   of   shares,   or   similar   change   in   the   capital   structure    of    the   Company,   or   in   the   event   of   payment   of   a   dividend   or   distribution   to   the   stockholders   of   the   Company   in   a   form   other   than   Stock   (other   than   regular,   periodic   cash   dividends   paid   on    Stock    pursuant   to   the   Company s   dividend   policy)   that   has   a   material   effect   on   the   Fair   Market   Value   of   shares   of   Stock,   appropriate   and   proportionate   adjustments   shall   be   made   in   the   number   of   Units   subject   to   the   Award   and/or   the   number   and   kind   of   shares   or   other   property   to   be   issued   in   settlement   of   the   Award,   in   order   to   prevent   dilution   or   enlargement   of   the   Participant s   rights   under   the   Award.   For   purposes   of   the   foregoing,   conversion    of    any   convertible   securities   of   the   Company   shall   not   be   treated   as    effected   without   receipt   of   consideration    by    the   Company.   Any    and   all   new,   substituted   or   additional   securities    or    other   property   (other   than   regular,   periodic   cash   dividends   paid   on   Stock   pursuant   to   the   Company s   dividend   policy)   to   which   the   Participant   is   entitled    by    reason   of    
 Page 5 of 9 

ownership   of   Units     acquired     pursuant   to this Award   will   be   immediately     subject to the   provisions   of     this     Award     on     the     same     basis     as     all     Units     originally     acquired     hereunder.     Any     fractional     Unit     or     share     resulting     from     an     adjustment     pursuant     to     this     Section     shall     be     rounded     down     to     the     nearest     whole     number.     Such     adjustments     shall     be     determined     by     the     Committee,     and     its     determination     shall   be     final, binding     and     conclusive.  

10.   
 
    RIGHTS     AS     A     STOCKHOLDER,     DIRECTOR,     EMPLOYEE     OR     CONSULTANT  .     

The   Participant   shall   have   no   rights   as   a   stockholder   with   respect   to   any   shares   which   may    be    issued   in   settlement   of   this   Award   until   the   date   of   the   issuance   of   such   shares   (as   evidenced    by  the   appropriate   entry   on   the   books   of   the   Company or   of   a   duly   authorized   transfer   agent   of   the   Company).   No   adjustment   shall   be   made   for   dividends,   distributions   or   other   rights   for   which   the   record   date   is   prior   to   the   date   the   shares   are   issued, except   as   provided   in   Section  9 .    If    the   Participant   is   an   Employee,   the   Participant   understands   and   acknowledges   that,   except   as   otherwise   provided   in   a   separate,   written   employment   agreement   between   a   Participating   Company   and   the   Participant,   the   Participant s   employment   is    at   will    and   is   for   no   specified   term.   Nothing   in   this   Agreement   shall   confer   upon   the   Participant    any    right   to   continue   in   the   Service    of    a   Participating   Company    or    interfere   in    any    way   with    any    right   of   the   Participating   Company   Group to terminate the Participant s Service   at  any    time. 

The   Company    may    at   any   time   place   legends   referencing    any    applicable   federal,   state   or   foreign   securities   law   restrictions   on   all   certificates   representing   shares   of   stock   issued   pursuant   to   this   Agreement.   The   Participant   shall,   at   the   request    of    the   Company,   promptly   present   to   the   Company   any   and   all   certificates   representing   shares   acquired   pursuant   to   this   Award in the possession   of the Participant in order to carry   out the provisions of this Section. 

It   is    intended     that     any     election,     payment    or    benefit     which    is    made    or   provided    pursuant    to   or   in    connection     with    this    Award     that    may   result   in    Section    409A    Deferred     Compensation     shall    comply   in    all     respects     with    the    applicable     requirements    of    Section    409A    (including     applicable     regulations    or    other     administrative     guidance     thereunder,     as     determined     by    the    Committee    in    good     faith)    to    avoid    the    unfavorable     tax     consequences     provided     therein     for     non-compliance.    In    connection     with     effecting    such    compliance    with    Section     409A,    the    following     shall   apply:  
   
     12.1   Separation   from     Service;     Required     Delay   in   Payment     to     Specified     Employee.      Notwithstanding  anything  set    forth    herein    to   the    contrary,    no    amount   payable     pursuant    to   this    Agreement    on    account    of    the     Participant s     termination    of    Service     which     constitutes    a     deferral    of    compensation      within     the     meaning    of   the   Treasury    Regulations     issued     pursuant    to    Section    409A   of   the   Code    (the        Section     409A     Regulations     )     shall    be    paid     unless     and    until   the    Participant     has     incurred    a     separation     from     service      within    the    meaning     of    the    Section    409A    Regulations.     Furthermore,    to   the   extent    that    the    Participant    is   a     specified     employee      within    the    meaning    of   the   Section   409A    Regulations     as    of   the    date    of   the    Participant s     separation     
 Page 6 of 9 

from     service,     no     amount     that     constitutes     a     deferral     of     compensation     which     is     payable     on     account     of     the     Participant s     separation     from     service     shall     be     paid     to     the   Participant     before     the     date     (the        Delayed     Payment     Date     )     which     is     first     day     of     the     seventh     month     after     the     date     of     the     Participant s     separation     from     service     or,     if     earlier,     the     date     of     the     Participant s     death     following     such     separation     from     service.     All     such     amounts     that     would,     but     for     this     Section,     become     payable     prior     to     the     Delayed     Payment     Date     will     be     accumulated     and     paid     on the   Delayed     Payment     Date.  
   
   12.2   Other     Changes     in     Time     of     Payment.      Neither    the    Participant    nor   the   Company   shall    take     any     action    to    accelerate    or   delay   the    payment     of    any   benefits    under    this    Agreement  in  any    manner  which   would  not be   in  compliance with  the  Section  409A  Regulations.  
   
   12.3   Amendments     to     Comply     with     Section     409A;     Indemnification.      Notwithstanding     any    other    provision    of   this    Agreement    to   the    contrary,    the   Company   is    authorized    to    amend     this     Agreement,    to   void   or    amend    any    election     made     by    the    Participant     under    this    Agreement  and/or   to   delay   the    payment    of    any     monies  and/or    provision    of    any     benefits    in    such    manner    as     may  be    determined     by  the    Company,    in   its    discretion,    to   be   necessary   or    appropriate    to   comply  with    the    Section    409A    Regulations     without     prior     notice    to   or    consent    of   the    Participant.     The    Participant   hereby    releases     and    holds    harmless    the    Company,    its    directors,     officers     and    stockholders    from    any    and     all     claims     that    may    arise    from    or     relate    to   any    tax     liability,     penalties,     interest,     costs,     fees    or    other    liability    incurred     by  the    Participant    in    connection     with  the  Award,  including    as    a  result  of   the    application  of  Section   409A.  
   
   12.4   Advice     of     Independent     Tax     Advisor.        The     Company     has    not    obtained    a    tax     ruling    or    other     confirmation     from    the    Internal     Revenue     Service     with     regard    to   the    application    of    Section    409A   to   the    Award,     and    the   Company does   not    represent    or    warrant     that    this    Agreement     will     avoid     adverse    tax    consequences    to   the    Participant,    including    as    a    result     of    the    application    of    Section    409A   to   the    Award.    The    Participant    hereby    acknowledges     that    he   or   she    has     been     advised    to    seek    the    advice     of    his   or   her    own     independent     tax    advisor    prior    to    entering    into   this    Agreement     and    is   not    relying    upon    any     representations    of   the   Company    or     any    of   its    agents   as  to the  effect  of   or   the   advisability   of    entering    into this  Agreement.  

13.   
 
    MISCELLANEOUS     PROVISIONS  .     

13.1   Termination     or     Amendment.      The     Committee    may    terminate    or   amend   the    Plan    or   this    Agreement     at     any     time;     provided,     however,     that     except     as     provided    in    Section   8    in    connection     with    a   Change   in    Control,    no   such    termination     or    amendment    may    have   a    materially     adverse     effect    on   the    Participant s     rights     under    this    Agreement     without    the    consent    of   the    Participant     unless     such     termination    or    amendment    is   necessary   to    comply   with     applicable     law    or    government   regulation,   including,  but not  limited  to,    Section   409A.   No   amendment  or    addition  to this  Agreement   shall  be  effective  unless in  writing.  
   
       13.2   Nontransferability     of     the     Award.      Prior    to    the     issuance    of    shares    of    Stock    on   the    applicable     Settlement     Date,     neither    this    Award    nor    any     Units     subject    to   this    Award     shall    be    subject    in   any    manner    to    anticipation,     alienation,     sale,     exchange,     transfer,     assignment,     pledge,     encumbrance,     or     garnishment     by     creditors    of   the    Participant    or   the    Participant s     beneficiary,     except     transfer     by     will    or    by    the   laws   of    descent     and     distribution.     All     rights     with     
 Page 7 of 9 

respect     to     the     Award     shall     be     exercisable     during     the     Participant s     lifetime     only   by   the     Participant     or     the   Participant s     guardian   or   legal       representative.      
   
 13.3   Further     Instruments.        The     parties     hereto     agree    to    execute     such     further     instruments     and    to    take     such     further    action    as    may reasonably   be   necessary   to   carry   out   the    intent    of   this  Agreement.  
   
   13.4   Binding     Effect.      This     Agreement     shall    inure   to   the    benefit    of   the    successors     and     assigns    of   the   Company    and,    subject   to   the    restrictions    on    transfer     set    forth    herein,    be   binding   upon   the    Participant     and    the    Participant s     heirs,    executors,    administrators,     successors     and   assigns.  
   
   13.5   Delivery     of     Documents     and     Notices.      Any     document     relating    to    participation    in   the    Plan    or   any    notice     required    or    permitted     hereunder    shall   be    given    in    writing     and     shall    be    deemed    effectively    given     (except     to    the   extent    that    this    Agreement    provides    for     effectiveness    only   upon    actual     receipt    of    such     notice)    upon    personal     delivery,     electronic    delivery    at    the    e-mail     address,    if    any,     provided     for    the    Participant     by    a    Participating     Company,    or   upon    deposit    in   the    U.S.    Post    Office    or    foreign     postal     service,     by   registered    or    certified     mail,    or    with    a   nationally    recognized     overnight     courier     service,     with     postage     and     fees     prepaid,     addressed    to   the    other    party    at    the   address   of    such    party   set    forth    in   the    Grant     Notice    or    at     such    other    address     as     such  party    may     designate    in  writing     from  time   to time   to  the other party.  
   
     (a)   Description     of     Electronic     Delivery.     The   Plan   documents,   which   may   include   but   do   not   necessarily   include:   the   Plan,   the   Grant   Notice,   this   Agreement,   the   Plan   Prospectus,   and    any    reports   of   the   Company   provided   generally   to   the   Company s   stockholders,   may    be    delivered   to   the   Participant   electronically.    In    addition,   if   permitted    by    the   Company,   the   Participant   may   deliver   electronically   the   Grant   Notice   to   the   Company   or   to   such   third   party   involved   in   administering   the   Plan   as   the   Company    may    designate   from   time   to   time.   Such   means   of   electronic   delivery    may    include   but   do   not   necessarily   include   the   delivery   of   a   link   to   a   Company   intranet   or   the   Internet   site   of   a   third   party   involved   in   administering   the   Plan,   the   delivery   of   the   document   via   e-mail   or   such   other   means   of   electronic   delivery   specified    by    the   Company. 
   
       13.6   Consent     to     Electronic     Delivery  .      The     Participant     acknowledges     that    the    Participant    has    read    Section   13.5(a)     of   this    Agreement     and     consents    to   the    electronic    delivery    of    the    Plan     documents     and,    if    permitted     by    the    Company,    the   delivery    of    the    Grant     Notice,   as   described  in Section    13.5(a).      The Participant   acknowledges   that    he   or   she    may     receive     from    the   Company   a   paper   copy    of    any   documents    delivered     electronically     at    no    cost    to   the    Participant     by     contacting    the   Company    by    telephone   or   in    writing.    The    Participant     further     acknowledges     that    the    Participant     will    be   provided    with    a   paper   copy   of   any   documents   if   the    attempted     electronic    delivery    of   such     documents     fails.     Similarly,    the    Participant     understands     that    the    Participant    must    provide    the   Company    or     any     designated     third    party    administrator     with    a    paper    copy    of     any    documents   if   the    attempted     electronic    delivery    of     such     documents    fails.   The    Participant    may   revoke   his   or    her     consent    to   the    electronic    delivery   of   documents    described    in    Section      13.5(a)      or     may    change   the    electronic    mail    address    to    which    such    documents    are   to    be     delivered     (if     Participant     has     provided     an    electronic    mail     address)     at     any    time    by     notifying    the   Company   of    such     revoked     consent    or    revised     e-mail     address     by     telephone,     postal     service    or    
 Page 8 of 9 

electronic     mail.     Finally,     the     Participant     understands     that     he     or     she     is     not     required     to     consent     to     electronic   delivery     of     documents   described   in Section    13.5(a).         
   
 13.7   Integrated     Agreement.     The     Grant     Notice,    this    Agreement     and    the    Plan,     together     with    the    Superseding     Agreement,    if   any,    shall     constitute    the    entire     understanding     and     agreement    of   the    Participant     and    the    Participating    Company    Group     with     respect    to   the    subject     matter     contained     herein    or    therein     and     supersede     any     prior     agreements,     understandings,     restrictions,     representations,    or    warranties    among   the    Participant     and    the    Participating    Company    Group     with     respect    to    such     subject     matter.     To    the   extent    contemplated     herein    or    therein,    the    provisions    of   the    Grant     Notice,    this    Agreement    and   the    Plan     shall     survive    any    settlement    of   the    Award     and   shall   remain   in   full   force     and   effect.  
   
   13.8   Applicable     Law.     This     Agreement     shall    be    governed     by    the   laws   of   the    State    of    California     as     such     laws     are     applied    to    agreements     between     California     residents     entered    into  and  to be  performed     entirely     within  the  State  of  California.  
   
   13.9   Counterparts.     The     Grant     Notice    may    be     executed    in    counterparts,     each    of    which     shall    be    deemed     an     original,    but    all    of    which     together     shall     constitute    one    and    the    same     instrument.  
 Page 9 of 9 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 quot-ex107_607.htm
 EX-10.7 OPTION AGREEMENT FOR EMPLOYEES

quot-ex107_607.htm

Exhibit 10.7 
   
 QUOTIENT   TECHNOLOGY   INC. 
 STOCK   OPTION    AGREEMENT  

Quotient   Technology   Inc.   (f/k/a   Coupons.com   Incorporated)   (the       Company    )   has   granted   to   the   Participant   named   in   the    Notice     of     Grant     of     Stock     Option    (the       Grant     Notice    )   to   which   this   Stock   Option   Agreement   (the       Option     Agreement    )   is   attached   an   option   (the       Option    )   to   purchase   certain   shares   of   Stock   upon   the   terms   and   conditions   set   forth   in   the   Grant   Notice   and   this   Option   Agreement.   The   Option   has   been   granted   pursuant   to   and   shall   in   all   respects   be   subject   to   the   terms   and   conditions   of   the   Quotient   Technology    Inc.    2013   Equity   Incentive   Plan   (the       Plan    ),   as   amended   to   the   Date   of   Grant,   the   provisions   of   which   are   incorporated   herein  by    reference.    By    signing the   Grant   Notice,   the   Participant:   (a) acknowledges   receipt   of,   and   represents   that   the   Participant   has    read    and   is   familiar   with,   the   Grant   Notice,   this   Option   Agreement,   the   Plan   and   a    prospectus     for     the     Plan     prepared     in   connection     with     the     registration   with   the   Securities   and   Exchange   Commission   of     shares issuable   pursuant    to    the   Option     (the        Plan     Prospectus     ),    (b) accepts   the   Option   subject   to   all   of   the   terms   and   conditions   of   the   Grant   Notice,   this   Option   Agreement   and   the   Plan   and   (c) agrees   to   accept   as   binding,   conclusive   and   final   all   decisions   or   interpretations   of   the   Committee   upon   any   questions   arising   under   the   Grant Notice, this Option   Agreement  or  the Plan. 

1.   
 
    DEFINITIONS     AND     CONSTRUCTION  .   

1.1   Definitions  .    Unless     otherwise     defined     herein,     capitalized     terms     shall     have    the  meanings   assigned  to    such   terms  in the  Grant     Notice  or   the  Plan.  
   
   1.2   Construction  .    Captions     and     titles     contained    herein    are     for    convenience   only    and     shall    not    affect    the    meaning    or    interpretation    of   any   provision   of    this     Option     Agreement.     Except    when  otherwise     indicated   by    the   context, the  singular     shall   include  the    plural     and    the   plural    shall    include   the    singular.    Use    of    the   term    or    is   not   intended   to    be     exclusive,     unless  the   context clearly    requires   otherwise.  

2.   
 
    TAX     CONSEQUENCES  .   

2.1   Tax     Status     of     Option  .    This     Option    is    intended    to    have    the    tax     status     designated  in the  Grant   Notice.  
   
   (a)   Incentive     Stock     Option  .    If    the   Grant   Notice    so    designates,   this   Option   is   intended   to   be   an   Incentive   Stock   Option   within   the   meaning   of   Section 422(b)   of   the   Code,   but   the   Company   does   not   represent    or    warrant   that   this   Option   qualifies   as   such. The   Participant   should   consult   with   the   Participant s   own   tax   advisor   regarding   the   tax   effects   of   this   Option   and   the   requirements   necessary   to   obtain   favorable   income   tax   treatment under   Section 422   of   the   Code,   including,   but   not   limited   to,   holding   period   requirements.   (NOTE   TO   PARTICIPANT:    If    the   Option   is   exercised   more   than   three   (3)   months   after   the   date   on   which   you   cease   to   be   an   Employee   (other   than    by    reason   of   your   death   or   permanent   and   total   disability   as   defined   in   Section 22(e)(3)   of   the   Code),   the   Option   will   be   treated   as   a   Nonstatutory   Stock   Option   and   not   as   an   Incentive   Stock   Option   to   the   extent   required    by    Section 422 of the Code.) 

(b)    Nonstatutory     Stock     Option.      If     the     Grant     Notice     so     designates,     this     Option     is     intended     to     be     a     Nonstatutory     Stock     Option     and     shall     not     be     treated     as     an     Incentive     Stock     Option     within   the     meaning     of   Section   422(b)     of     the   Code.  
   
     2.2   ISO     Fair     Market     Value     Limitation.      If     the     Grant     Notice     designates     this     Option   as an     Incentive     Stock     Option,     then    to   the   extent    that  the    Option   (together     with   all     Incentive     Stock     Options     granted    to   the    Participant     under     all     stock    option    plans    of   the    Participating    Company    Group,     including    the   Plan)    becomes     exercisable    for   the    first    time    during    any   calendar    year    for    shares    having   a    Fair     Market     Value     greater     than     One     Hundred     Thousand     Dollars     ($100,000),    the    portion    of    such    options    which     exceeds     such    amount    will    be    treated     as     Nonstatutory     Stock     Options.     For    purposes   of   this    Section   2.2 ,   options    designated     as     Incentive     Stock     Options     are     taken    into    account    in   the    order    in    which    they    were     granted,     and    the    Fair     Market    Value   of    stock     is     determined     as    of   the   time   the   option    with     respect    to    such     stock    is    granted.     If    the   Code   is    amended    to   provide   for   a    different     limitation    from    that     set     forth    in   this    Section  2.2,       such     different     limitation     shall    be    deemed     incorporated     herein     effective     as    of   the    date     required    or    permitted     by     such     amendment    to   the    Code.     If    the    Option    is    treated     as     an     Incentive     Stock     Option    in    part     and     as    a   Nonstatutory    Stock     Option    in    part     by     reason    of   the    limitation     set     forth    in   this    Section  2.2,       the    Participant     may     designate     which    portion   of    such     Option    the    Participant    is    exercising.     In     the     absence    of   such    designation,    the    Participant     shall    be    deemed    to    have     exercised    the    Incentive     Stock     Option     portion    of   the    Option     first.     Separate     certificates     representing     each     such     portion     shall    be    issued    upon   the    exercise    of   the    Option.     (NOTE     TO     PARTICIPANT:     If     the     aggregate     Exercise    Price   of   the    Option     (that    is,   the    Exercise     Price     multiplied     by    the    Number    of    Option     Shares)    plus   the    aggregate    exercise    price    of    any    other    Incentive Stock     Options   you  hold    (whether     granted   pursuant  to the  Plan   or  any    other stock    option    plan    of   the    Participating    Company   Group)   is    greater     than    $100,000,    you    should    contact    the   Chief    Financial     Officer   of  the   Company   to    ascertain     whether    the    entire     Option     qualifies     as     an     Incentive     Stock   Option.)  

3.   
 
    ADMINISTRATION  .   

All   questions   of   interpretation   concerning   the   Grant   Notice,   this Option   Agreement,   the   Plan or  any    other   form  of    agreement or   other   document employed  by    the   Company   in   the   administration   of   the   Plan   or   the   Option   shall   be   determined    by    the   Committee.   All such determinations    by    the   Committee shall  be  final, binding   and   conclusive upon all persons   having   an   interest   in   the   Option,   unless   fraudulent   or   made   in   bad   faith.    Any    and   all   actions,   decisions   and   determinations   taken   or   made    by    the   Committee   in   the   exercise   of   its   discretion   pursuant   to   the   Plan   or   the   Option   or   other   agreement   thereunder   (other   than   determining   questions   of   interpretation   pursuant   to   the   preceding   sentence)   shall   be   final,   binding   and   conclusive   upon all persons having   an interest in the   Option.   Any   Officer   shall have   the   authority   to   act   on   behalf   of   the   Company   with   respect   to    any    matter,   right,   obligation,    or    election   which   is   the   responsibility  of    or   which   is   allocated   to   the   Company   herein,   provided   the   Officer has apparent   authority   with respect to such   matter, right, obligation,   or election. 

4.   
 
    EXERCISE     OF     THE     OPTION  .   

4.1   Right     to     Exercise  .      Except     as     otherwise    provided    herein,    the    Option    shall   be    exercisable    on    and     after    the    Initial     Vesting    Date    and     prior    to   the    termination    of   the    Option     (as provided    in    Section   6 )   in    an     amount    not   to   exceed   the    number    of    Vested     Shares     less    the   number   of    
 Page 2 of 10 

shares     previously     acquired     upon     exercise     of     the     Option.     In     no     event     shall     the     Option     be     exercisable for   more   shares     than   the   Number   of     Option   Shares,     as     adjusted     pursuant   to   Section     9.  
   
     4.2   Method     of     Exercise  .    Exercise    of   the    Option     shall    be    by    means   of    electronic    or    written     notice     (the        Exercise     Notice     )    in   a    form     authorized     by    the    Company.      An     electronic     Exercise    Notice   must   be   digitally   signed   or    authenticated     by    the    Participant    in    such     manner     as     required     by  the    notice     and     transmitted    to   the   Company   or    an     authorized     representative    of   the   Company (including   a   third-party  administrator     designated   by  the    Company).      In    the   event    that    the    Participant    is   not    authorized    or   is    unable    to    provide     an     electronic     Exercise     Notice,    the    Option     shall    be    exercised     by    a    written     Exercise    Notice    addressed    to   the    Company,     which    shall   be    signed     by    the    Participant     and     delivered    in    person,     by     certified    or    registered     mail,     return     receipt     requested,     by     confirmed     facsimile     transmission,    or    by     such     other     means     as    the   Company    may     permit,    to   the    Company,    or    an     authorized     representative    of   the   Company   (including   a   third-party    administrator     designated     by  the    Company).     Each    Exercise     Notice,     whether     electronic    or    written,    must    state    the    Participant s     election    to    exercise    the    Option,    the    number    of    whole     shares    of    Stock     for     which    the    Option    is    being     exercised     and    such    other     representations     and     agreements     as    to   the    Participant s     investment     intent     with     respect    to    such     shares     as     may    be   required    pursuant    to   the    provisions    of   this    Option     Agreement.     Further,     each     Exercise     Notice    must   be    received     by    the   Company    prior    to   the    termination    of   the    Option     as     set     forth    in    Section   6     and    must   be    accompanied     by     full     payment    of   the    aggregate    Exercise    Price     for    the   number   of    shares    of    Stock     being     purchased.     The     Option     shall    be    deemed    to   be    exercised    upon   receipt    by    the   Company   of    such   electronic  or  written     Exercise Notice and  the    aggregate Exercise Price.  

5.   
 
    PAYMENT   OF     EXERCISE     PRICE  .   

(a)   Forms     of     Consideration     Authorized  .     Except    as    otherwise   provided   below,   payment   of   the   aggregate   Exercise   Price   for   the   number   of   shares    of    Stock   for   which   the   Option   is   being   exercised   shall   be   made   (i) in   cash,    by    check   or   in   cash   equivalent; 
 (ii) if   permitted    by    the   Company   and   subject   to   the   limitations   contained   in   Section  4.3(b),     by    means   of   (1) a   Cashless   Exercise,   (2) a   Net-Exercise,   or   (3) a   Stock   Tender   Exercise;   or   (iii)  by    any   combination of the foregoing. 
   
     (b)   Limitations     on     Forms     of     Consideration.   The   Company   reserves,   at  any    and   all times, the right, in the Company s sole and absolute discretion, to establish, decline   to   approve   or   terminate   any   program   or   procedure   providing   for   payment   of   the   Exercise   Price   through    any    of   the   means   described   below,   including   with   respect   to   the   Participant   notwithstanding   that such program or procedures   may    be  available to others. 
   
   (i)   Cashless     Exercise.     A       Cashless     Exercise       means   the   delivery    of  a   properly executed   Exercise   Notice   together   with   irrevocable   instructions   to   a   broker   in   a   form   acceptable   to   the   Company   providing   for   the   assignment   to   the   Company    of    the   proceeds   of   a   sale   or   loan   with   respect   to   shares   of   Stock   acquired   upon   the   exercise   of   the   Option   in   an   amount   not   less   than   the   aggregate   Exercise   Price   for   such   shares   (including,   without   limitation,   through   an   exercise   complying   with   the   provisions   of   Regulation T   as   promulgated   from time to time  by    the   Board  of  Governors of the   Federal Reserve System). 
   
     (ii)   Net-Exercise.     A       Net-Exercise       means   the   delivery   of   a    
 Page 3 of 10 

properly     executed     Exercise     Notice     electing     a     procedure     pursuant     to     which     (1)   the     Company     will     reduce     the     number   of   shares     otherwise     issuable     to     the     Participant     upon     the     exercise     of     the     Option     by     the     largest     whole     number     of     shares     having     a     Fair     Market     Value     that     does     not     exceed     the     aggregate     Exercise     Price     for     the     shares     with     respect     to     which     the     Option     is     exercised,     and     (2)   the     Participant     shall     pay     to     the     Company     in     cash     the     remaining     balance     of     such     aggregate     Exercise     Price     not     satisfied     by     such     reduction     in     the     number     of     whole     shares     to     be     issued.     Following     a     Net-Exercise,     the     number     of     shares     remaining     subject     to     the     Option,     if     any,     shall     be     reduced     by     the     sum     of     (1)   the     net     number     of     shares     issued     to     the     Participant     upon     such     exercise,     and     (2)   the     number   of   shares     deducted     by     the     Company     for payment   of     the   aggregate     Exercise Price.  
   
   (iii)   Stock     Tender     Exercise.     A       Stock     Tender     Exercise       means   the   delivery   of   a   properly   executed   Exercise   Notice   accompanied    by    (1) the   Participant s   tender   to   the   Company,   or   attestation   to   the   ownership,   in   a   form   acceptable   to   the   Company   of   whole   shares    of    Stock   having   a   Fair   Market   Value   that   does   not   exceed   the   aggregate   Exercise   Price   for   the   shares   with   respect   to   which   the   Option   is   exercised,   and   (2) the   Participant s   payment   to   the   Company   in   cash   of   the   remaining   balance   of   such   aggregate   Exercise   Price   not   satisfied  by    such   shares    Fair   Market   Value.   A   Stock   Tender   Exercise   shall   not   be   permitted   if   it   would   constitute   a   violation   of   the   provisions   of   any   law,   regulation   or   agreement   restricting   the   redemption   of   the   Company s   stock.    If    required    by    the   Company,   the   Option    may    not   be   exercised    by    tender   to   the   Company,   or   attestation   to   the   ownership,   of   shares   of   Stock   unless   such   shares   either   have   been   owned    by    the   Participant   for   a   period    of    time   required    by    the   Company   (and   not   used   for   another   option   exercise    by    attestation   during   such   period)   or   were   not acquired, directly   or indirectly,   from the Company. 

6.   
 
   Tax  Withholding  .   

(a)   In     General.     At   the   time   the   Option   is   exercised,   in   whole   or   in   part,   or   at    any    time   thereafter   as   requested    by    a   Participating   Company,   the   Participant   hereby   authorizes   withholding   from   payroll   and    any    other   amounts   payable    to    the   Participant,   and   otherwise   agrees   to   make   adequate   provision   for   (including    by    means   of   a   Cashless   Exercise   to   the   extent   permitted    by    the   Company),    any    sums   required   to   satisfy   the   federal,   state,   local   and   foreign   tax   (including   any   social   insurance)   withholding   obligations   of   the   Participating   Company Group,   if   any,   which   arise   in   connection   with   the   Option.   The   Company shall   have   no   obligation   to   deliver   shares   of   Stock   until   the   tax   withholding   obligations   of   the   Participating   Company   Group have been satisfied  by    the Participant. 
   
   (b)   Withholding   in     Shares  .   The Company   shall have   the right, but not   the obligation, to require   the Participant to satisfy all or  any    portion of   a Participating   Company s   tax   withholding   obligations   upon   exercise   of   the   Option    by    deducting   from   the   shares   of   Stock   otherwise   issuable   to   the   Participant   upon   such   exercise   a   number   of   whole   shares   having   a   fair   market   value,   as   determined    by    the   Company   as   of   the   date   of   exercise,   not   in   excess   of   the   amount   of   such   tax   withholding   obligations   determined    by    the   applicable   minimum   statutory   withholding   rates. 
   
 Page 4 of 10 

6.2    Beneficial     Ownership     of     Shares;     Certificate     Registration  .      The Participant     hereby     authorizes     the     Company,     in     its     sole     discretion,     to     deposit     for     the     benefit     of     the   Participant     with     any     broker     with     which     the     Participant     has     an     account     relationship     of     which     the     Company     has     notice     any     or     all     shares     acquired     by     the     Participant     pursuant     to     the     exercise     of     the     Option.     Except     as     provided     by     the     preceding   sentence,     a     certificate     for     the     shares     as     to     which     the     Option     is     exercised     shall     be     registered     in     the     name     of     the     Participant,     or,     if     applicable,     in     the     names   of     the   heirs     of     the     Participant.  
   
     6.3   Restrictions     on     Grant     of     the     Option     and     Issuance     of     Shares  .        The     grant    of   the    Option     and    the   issuance   of    shares    of    Stock    upon    exercise     of    the   Option    shall    be   subject   to    compliance     with     all     applicable     requirements    of    federal,     state     or     foreign    law    with     respect    to    such     securities.    The     Option    may   not   be    exercised    if   the    issuance    of    shares     of     Stock    upon    exercise     would     constitute    a    violation    of   any    applicable     federal,     state    or    foreign     securities     laws    or    other     law    or    regulations    or   the    requirements    of    any    stock    exchange    or    market     system    upon    which    the    Stock    may   then   be   listed.     In     addition,    the    Option    may   not   be    exercised    unless    (i)  a    registration     statement     under    the   Securities    Act     shall     at    the   time   of    exercise    of   the   Option   be   in    effect     with     respect    to   the    shares    issuable   upon    exercise    of   the    Option    or    (ii)  in   the    opinion    of    legal     counsel    to   the    Company,    the    shares     issuable    upon    exercise     of    the    Option     may    be    issued    in    accordance     with    the    terms    of    an     applicable    exemption    from    the    registration     requirements     of    the    Securities    Act.    THE     PARTICIPANT     IS     CAUTIONED     THAT     THE     OPTION     MAY    NOT    BE     EXERCISED     UNLESS     THE     FOREGOING     CONDITIONS     ARE     SATISFIED.     ACCORDINGLY,     THE     PARTICIPANT     MAY     NOT     BE     ABLE     TO     EXERCISE     THE     OPTION     WHEN   DESIRED     EVEN     THOUGH     THE     OPTION     IS     VESTED.      The    inability of   the   Company to    obtain     from     any    regulatory    body    having   jurisdiction the  authority,    if  any,   deemed   by    the  Company s     legal     counsel    to   be   necessary   to   the   lawful    issuance     and     sale     of     any     shares     subject    to   the    Option     shall     relieve    the   Company of    any    liability   in    respect     of  the    failure    to   issue   or   sell    such     shares     as    to   which    such     requisite    authority    shall    not    have     been     obtained.      As    a    condition    to   the    exercise    of   the    Option,    the   Company    may     require    the    Participant    to   satisfy   any    qualifications     that    may    be    necessary   or    appropriate,    to    evidence     compliance     with     any     applicable     law    or    regulation     and    to   make    any     representation  or  warranty     with   respect   thereto   as    may    be   requested   by     the     Company.  
   
   6.4   Fractional     Shares  .      The    Company   shall   not   be    required    to   issue    fractional     shares  upon the    exercise    of   the  Option.  

7.   
 
    NONTRANSFERABILITY     OF     THE     OPTION  .   

During   the   lifetime   of   the   Participant,   the   Option   shall   be   exercisable   only    by    the   Participant   or   the   Participant s   guardian   or   legal   representative.    The   Option   shall   not   be   subject   in    any    manner   to   anticipation,   alienation,   sale,   exchange,   transfer,   assignment,   pledge,   encumbrance,   or   garnishment    by    creditors   of   the   Participant   or   the   Participant s   beneficiary,   except   transfer    by    will    or     by    the   laws   of   descent   and   distribution.    Following   the   death    of    the   Participant,   the   Option,    to    the   extent   provided   in   Section  7 ,   may be   exercised  by    the   Participant s   legal   representative   or    by     any    person   empowered   to   do   so   under   the   deceased   Participant s   will   or under the then   applicable laws of descent and distribution. 
 Page 5 of 10 

8.   
 
      TERMINATION     OF     THE     OPTION  .   

The   Option   shall   terminate   and   may   no   longer   be   exercised   after   the   first   to   occur   of   (a) the   close   of   business   on   the   Option   Expiration   Date,   (b) the   close   of   business   on   the   last date   for   exercising   the   Option   following   termination   of   the   Participant s   Service   as   described   in   Section  7 , or (c)   a Change in Control to the extent   provided in Section 8. 

9.   
 
      EFFECT     OF     TERMINATION     OF     SERVICE  .   

9.1   Option     Exercisability.      The     Option     shall    terminate    immediately    upon   the    Participant s     termination    of    Service    to   the    extent     that    it    is     then     unvested     and     shall    be    exercisable     after    the    Participant s     termination    of    Service    to   the   extent   it   is    then     vested    only   during   the    applicable  time  period     as   determined   below     and   thereafter  shall  terminate.  
   
   (a)   Disability  .      If    the   Participant s   Service   terminates   because   of   the   Disability    of    the   Participant,   the   Option,   to   the   extent   unexercised   and   exercisable   for   Vested   Shares   on   the   date   on   which   the   Participant s   Service   terminated,    may    be   exercised    by    the   Participant   (or   the   Participant s   guardian   or   legal   representative)   at    any    time   prior   to   the   expiration   of   twelve   (12)   months   after   the   date   on   which   the   Participant s   Service   terminated,   but   in any   event no later than   the Option Expiration Date. 
   
   (b)   Death  .      If    the   Participant s   Service   terminates   because   of   the   death   of   the   Participant,   the   Option,   to   the   extent   unexercised   and   exercisable   for   Vested   Shares   on   the   date   on   which   the   Participant s   Service   terminated,   may    be    exercised    by    the   Participant s   legal   representative   or   other   person   who   acquired   the   right   to   exercise   the   Option    by    reason   of   the   Participant s   death   at   any   time   prior   to   the   expiration   of   twelve   (12)   months   after   the   date   on   which   the   Participant s   Service   terminated,   but   in    any    event   no   later   than   the   Option   Expiration   Date.   The   Participant s   Service   shall   be   deemed   to   have   terminated   on   account   of   death   if   the   Participant dies within three (3) months after the Participant s termination  of  Service. 
   
   (c)   Termination     for     Cause.     Notwithstanding    any    other   provision   of   this   Option   Agreement    to    the   contrary,   if   the   Participant s   Service   is   terminated   for   Cause   or   if,   following   the   Participant s   termination   of   Service   and   during    any    period   in   which   the   Option   otherwise   would   remain   exercisable,   the   Participant   engages   in    any    act   that   would   constitute   Cause,   the   Option   shall   terminate   in   its   entirety   and   cease   to   be   exercisable   immediately   upon   such termination of Service or act. 
   
   (d)   Other     Termination     of     Service  .      If    the   Participant s   Service   terminates   for    any    reason,   except   Disability,   death   or   Cause,   the   Option,   to   the   extent   unexercised   and   exercisable   for   Vested   Shares    by    the   Participant   on   the   date   on   which   the   Participant s   Service   terminated,   may    be    exercised    by    the   Participant   at   any   time   prior   to   the   expiration   of  [ four   (4)   months][ three (3) months]   after   the   date   on   which   the   Participant s   Service   terminated,   but   in   any   event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 
   
         10.   EXTENSION IF EXERCISE PREVENTED BY LAW .  Notwithstanding  the foregoing, other than termination of the Participant s Service for Cause, if the exercise of the Option  
 Page 6 of 10 

within the applicable time periods set forth in Sec  tion 7.1   is prevented by the provisions of Section   4.6,   the Option shall remain exercisable until the later of (a) thirty (30) days after the date such exercise first would no longer be prevented by such provisions, or (b) the end of the applicable time period under Section   7.1      , but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date.  

11.   
 
  EFFECT OF CHANGE IN CONTROL .  

In the event of a Change in Control, except to the extent that the Committee determines to cash out the Option in accordance with Section 13.1(c) of the Plan, the surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing entity or parent thereof, as the case may be (the  Acquiror ), may, without the consent of the Participant, assume or continue in full force and effect the Company s rights and obligations under all or any portion of the Option or substitute for all or any portion of the Option a substantially equivalent option for the Acquiror s stock.  For purposes of this Section, the Option or any portion thereof shall be deemed assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Option confers the right to receive, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, for each share of Stock subject to such portion of the Option immediately prior to the Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a share of Stock on the effective date of the Change in Control was entitled (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Stock); provided, however, that if such consideration is not solely common stock of the Acquiror, the Committee may, with the consent of the Acquiror, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of the Option, for each share of Stock subject to the Option, to consist solely of common stock of the Acquiror equal in Fair Market Value to the per share consideration received by holders of Stock pursuant to the Change in Control.  The Option shall terminate and cease to be outstanding effective as of the time of consummation of the Change in Control to the extent that the Option is neither assumed or continued by the Acquiror in connection with the Change in Control nor exercised as of the time of the Change in Control. 

12.   
 
      ADJUSTMENTS     FOR     CHANGES     IN     CAPITAL     STRUCTURE  .   

Subject   to   any   required   action    by    the   stockholders   of   the   Company   and   the   requirements    of    Sections   409A   and   424   of   the   Code   to   the   extent   applicable,   in   the   event   of    any    change   in   the   Stock   effected   without   receipt   of   consideration    by    the   Company,   whether   through   merger,   consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock   dividend,   stock   split,   reverse   stock split,   split-up,   split-off,   spin-off, combination   of   shares,   exchange   of   shares,    or    similar   change   in   the   capital   structure   of   the   Company,   or   in   the   event   of   payment   of   a   dividend   or   distribution   to   the   stockholders   of   the   Company   in   a   form   other   than   Stock   (excepting   normal   cash   dividends)   that   has   a   material   effect   on   the   Fair   Market   Value   of   shares   of   Stock,   appropriate   and   proportionate   adjustments   shall   be   made   in   the   number,   Exercise   Price   and   kind   of   shares   subject   to   the   Option,   in   order   to   prevent   dilution   or   enlargement   of   the   Participant s   rights   under   the   Option.   For   purposes   of   the   foregoing,   conversion   of    any  convertible   securities   of   the   Company shall   not   be   treated   as    effected   without   receipt   of   consideration    by    the   Company.      Any    fractional   share   resulting   from   an   adjustment   pursuant   to   this   Section   shall   be   rounded   down   to   the   nearest   whole   number   and   the   Exercise   Price   shall   be   rounded   up   to   the   nearest   whole   cent.    In    no   event    may    the   Exercise   Price    be    decreased   to   an   amount   less   than   the   par   value,    if    any,   of   the   stock   subject   to   the   Option.   The   Committee   in   its   sole   discretion,    may    also   make   such   adjustments   in   the   terms   of   the   Option   to   reflect,   or   related   to,   such   changes   in    
 Page 7 of 10 

the     capital     structure     of     the     Company     or     distributions     as     it     deems     appropriate.      All     adjustments     pursuant     to     this     Section     shall     be     determined     by     the     Committee,     and   its   determination     shall   be   final,   binding     and     conclusive.  

13.   
 
    RIGHTS     AS     A     STOCKHOLDER,     DIRECTOR,     EMPLOYEE     OR     CONSULTANT  .   

The   Participant   shall   have   no   rights   as   a   stockholder   with   respect   to   any   shares   covered    by    the   Option   until   the   date    of    the   issuance   of   the   shares   for   which   the   Option   has   been   exercised   (as   evidenced    by    the   appropriate   entry   on   the   books    of    the   Company   or    of    a    duly    authorized   transfer   agent   of   the   Company).   No   adjustment   shall   be   made   for   dividends,   distributions   or   other   rights   for   which   the   record   date   is   prior   to   the   date   the   shares   are   issued,   except   as   provided   in   Section 9.      If    the   Participant   is   an   Employee,   the   Participant   understands   and   acknowledges   that,   except   as   otherwise   provided   in   a   separate,   written   employment   agreement   between   a   Participating Company   and   the   Participant,   the   Participant s   employment   is    at   will    and   is   for   no   specified   term.   Nothing    in    this   Option   Agreement   shall   confer   upon   the   Participant    any    right   to   continue   in   the   Service   of   a   Participating   Company    or    interfere   in    any    way   with    any    right   of   the   Participating   Company   Group   to   terminate   the   Participant s   Service   as   a Director, an Employee   or Consultant, as the case   may   be, at  any    time. 

14.   
 
    NOTICE     OF     SALES     UPON     DISQUALIFYING     DISPOSITION  .   

The   Participant   shall   dispose   of   the   shares   acquired   pursuant   to   the   Option   only   in   accordance   with   the   provisions   of   this   Option   Agreement.    In    addition,    if     the     Grant     Notice     designates     this     Option     as     an     Incentive     Stock     Option,    the   Participant   shall   (a)   promptly   notify   the   Chief   Financial   Officer    of    the   Company   if   the   Participant   disposes   of    any    of   the   shares   acquired   pursuant to the Option within one (1)    year  after the   date the Participant   exercises all or part of the   Option   or   within   two   (2)    years    after   the   Date    of    Grant   and   (b)   provide   the   Company   with   a   description   of   the   circumstances   of   such   disposition.   Until   such   time   as   the   Participant   disposes   of   such   shares   in   a   manner   consistent   with   the   provisions   of   this   Option   Agreement,   unless   otherwise   expressly   authorized    by    the   Company,   the   Participant   shall   hold   all   shares   acquired   pursuant   to   the   Option   in   the   Participant s   name   (and   not   in   the   name   of   any   nominee)   for   the   one-year   period   immediately   after   the   exercise   of   the   Option   and   the   two-year   period   immediately   after   Date    of    Grant.   At    any    time   during   the   one-year   or   two-year   periods   set   forth   above,   the   Company  may    place   a   legend   on    any    certificate   representing   shares   acquired   pursuant   to   the   Option   requesting   the   transfer   agent   for   the   Company s   stock   to   notify   the   Company    of    any   such   transfers.   The   obligation   of   the   Participant   to   notify   the   Company   of    any    such   transfer   shall   continue   notwithstanding   that   a   legend   has   been   placed   on   the   certificate   pursuant   to   the   preceding   sentence. 

The   Company    may    at   any   time   place   legends   referencing    any    applicable   federal,   state   or   foreign   securities   law   restrictions   on   all   certificates   representing   shares   of   stock   subject   to the provisions of this   Option Agreement. The   Participant shall, at the   request of the Company,   promptly   present   to   the   Company    any    and   all   certificates   representing   shares   acquired   pursuant   to   the   Option   in   the   possession   of   the   Participant   in   order   to   carry   out   the   provisions   of   this    
 Page 8 of 10 

Section.     Unless     otherwise     specified     by     the     Company,     legends     placed     on     such     certificates     may     include,   but   shall   not be   limited   to, the   following:  
   
  THE   SHARES   EVIDENCED   BY   THIS   CERTIFICATE   WERE   ISSUED   BY   THE   CORPORATION   TO   THE   REGISTERED   HOLDER   UPON   EXERCISE OF   AN   INCENTIVE   STOCK   OPTION   AS   DEFINED    IN    SECTION   422   OF   THE   INTERNAL   REVENUE   CODE   OF   1986,   AS   AMENDED   ( ISO   ).    IN    ORDER   TO   OBTAIN   THE   PREFERENTIAL   TAX   TREATMENT   AFFORDED   TO    ISOs,    THE   SHARES    SHOULD    NOT   BE   TRANSFERRED   PRIOR   TO   [ INSERT     DISQUALIFYING     DISPOSITION     DATE     HERE ].   SHOULD   THE   REGISTERED   HOLDER   ELECT   TO   TRANSFER   ANY   OF THE   SHARES   PRIOR   TO   THIS   DATE   AND   FOREGO   ISO   TAX   TREATMENT,   THE   TRANSFER   AGENT   FOR   THE   SHARES   SHALL   NOTIFY   THE   CORPORATION   IMMEDIATELY.   THE   REGISTERED   HOLDER   SHALL   HOLD   ALL   SHARES   PURCHASED   UNDER   THE   INCENTIVE   STOCK   OPTION    IN    THE   REGISTERED   HOLDER S   NAME   (AND   NOT    IN    THE   NAME   OF   ANY   NOMINEE)   PRIOR    TO    THIS   DATE   OR   UNTIL   TRANSFERRED AS DESCRIBED   ABOVE.  

16.   
 
    MISCELLANEOUS     PROVISIONS  .   

16.1   Termination     or     Amendment.      The     Committee    may    terminate    or   amend   the    Plan    or   the    Option    at   any    time;     provided,     however,     that     except     as    provided   in    Section   8    in    connection     with    a   Change   in    Control,    no    such     termination    or    amendment    may   have   a   materially    adverse     effect    on   the    Option    or   any    unexercised     portion     hereof     without    the    consent    of   the    Participant     unless     such     termination    or    amendment    is   necessary   to    comply     with     any     applicable     law    or    government     regulation.     No     amendment    or    addition    to   this   Option    Agreement     shall     be     effective unless  in  writing.  
   
   16.2   Further     Instruments.      The     parties     hereto     agree    to    execute     such     further     instruments     and    to    take     such     further    action    as    may reasonably   be   necessary   to   carry   out   the    intent    of   this  Option   Agreement.  
   
   16.3   Binding     Effect.      This     Option     Agreement     shall     inure    to   the    benefit    of   the    successors     and     assigns    of   the   Company    and,    subject   to   the    restrictions    on    transfer     set    forth    herein,    be   binding   upon   the    Participant     and    the    Participant s     heirs,    executors,    administrators,     successors     and   assigns.  
   
   16.4   Delivery     of     Documents     and     Notices.      Any     document     relating    to    participation    in   the    Plan    or   any    notice     required    or    permitted     hereunder    shall   be    given    in    writing     and     shall     be     deemed    effectively    given     (except    to   the   extent    that    this   Option    Agreement    provides    for     effectiveness     only    upon    actual     receipt    of   such    notice)    upon   personal    delivery,     electronic    delivery    at    the    e-mail     address,    if    any,     provided    for   the    Participant     by    a    Participating Company,    or   upon    deposit    in   the    U.S.    Post    Office    or    foreign     postal     service,     by     registered    or    certified     mail,    or    with    a   nationally    recognized     overnight     courier     service,     with     postage    and    fees     prepaid,     addressed    to   the    other    party    at    the    address    of   such   party   set    forth    in   the    Grant    Notice   or    at     such    other    address   as  such party   may    designate  in  writing  from time   to   time   to the  other party.  
 Page 9 of 10 

(a)   Description     of     Electronic     Delivery.     The   Plan   documents,   which   may   include   but   do   not   necessarily   include:   the   Plan,   the   Grant   Notice,   this   Option   Agreement,   the   Plan   Prospectus,    and    any   reports   of   the   Company   provided   generally   to   the   Company s   stockholders,    may    be   delivered   to   the   Participant   electronically.     In    addition,   if   permitted    by    the Company,   the   Participant   may deliver   electronically the   Grant   Notice   and   Exercise   Notice   called   for    by    Section  4.2    to   the   Company   or   to   such   third   party   involved   in   administering   the   Plan   as   the   Company    may    designate   from   time   to   time.   Such   means   of   electronic   delivery    may    include   but   do   not   necessarily   include   the   delivery   of   a   link   to   a   Company   intranet   or   the   Internet   site   of   a   third   party   involved   in   administering   the   Plan,   the   delivery   of   the   document   via   e-mail   or   such   other means of   electronic   delivery   specified  by    the   Company. 
   
   (b)   Consent     to     Electronic     Delivery.     The   Participant   acknowledges   that   the   Participant   has read Section  13.4(a)    of   this   Option   Agreement and   consents   to   the   electronic   delivery   of   the   Plan   documents   and,   if   permitted    by    the   Company,   the   delivery   of   the   Grant   Notice   and   Exercise   Notice,   as   described   in   Section   13.4(a).     The Participant   acknowledges   that   he   or   she   may   receive   from   the   Company   a   paper   copy   of    any    documents   delivered   electronically   at   no   cost   to   the   Participant    by    contacting   the   Company    by    telephone   or   in   writing.   The   Participant   further   acknowledges   that   the   Participant   will   be   provided   with   a   paper   copy   of    any    documents   if   the   attempted   electronic   delivery    of    such   documents   fails.   Similarly,   the   Participant   understands   that   the   Participant   must   provide   the   Company   or    any    designated   third    party  administrator   with   a   paper   copy of    any    documents   if   the   attempted   electronic   delivery   of   such   documents   fails.   The   Participant    may    revoke   his   or   her   consent   to   the   electronic   delivery    of    documents   described   in   Section    13.4(a)    or    may    change   the   electronic   mail   address   to   which   such   documents   are   to   be   delivered   (if   the   Participant   has   provided   an   electronic   mail   address)   at    any    time    by    notifying   the   Company    of    such   revoked   consent   or   revised   e-mail   address   by   telephone,   postal   service   or   electronic   mail.   Finally,   the   Participant   understands   that   he    or    she   is   not   required   to   consent   to   electronic   delivery of   documents   described in Section     13.4(a).  
   
   16.5   Integrated     Agreement.        The     Grant     Notice,    this    Option     Agreement     and    the    Plan,     together    with   the    Superseding     Agreement,    if    any,     shall     constitute    the    entire     understanding     and     agreement    of   the    Participant     and    the    Participating    Company    Group     with     respect    to   the    subject     matter     contained     herein     and     supersede    any   prior    agreements,     understandings,     restrictions,     representations,    or    warranties    among   the    Participant     and    the    Participating    Company    Group     with     respect    to    such     subject     matter.     To    the   extent    contemplated     herein,    the    provisions    of   the    Grant     Notice,    the   Option    Agreement     and    the    Plan     shall     survive    any    exercise  of   the  Option  and  shall   remain  in  full   force and   effect.  
   
   16.6   Applicable     Law.        This     Option     Agreement    shall   be    governed     by    the   laws   of   the    State    of    California     as     such     laws     are     applied    to    agreements    between    California     residents     entered  into  and  to be  performed  entirely    within  the  State  of  California.  
   
   16.7   Counterparts.      The     Grant     Notice    may    be     executed    in    counterparts,     each    of    which     shall    be    deemed     an     original,    but    all    of    which     together     shall     constitute    one    and    the    same     instrument.  
 Page 10 of 10 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 9
 quot-ex108_608.htm
 EX-10.8 OPTION AGREEMENT FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS

quot-ex108_608.htm

Exhibit 10.8 

QUOTIENT   TECHNOLOGY   INC. 
 STOCK   OPTION    AGREEMENT  
 (For Nonemployee Directors) 

Quotient   Technology   Inc.   (f/k/a   Coupons.com   Incorporated)   (the       Company    )   has   granted   to   the   Participant   named   in   the    Notice     of     Grant     of     Stock     Option    (the       Grant     Notice    )   to   which   this   Stock   Option   Agreement   (the       Option     Agreement    )   is   attached   an   option   (the       Option    )   to   purchase   certain   shares   of   Stock   upon   the   terms   and   conditions   set   forth   in   the   Grant   Notice   and   this   Option   Agreement.   The   Option   has   been   granted   pursuant   to   and   shall   in   all   respects   be   subject   to   the   terms   and   conditions   of   the   Quotient   Technology    Inc.    2013   Equity   Incentive   Plan   (the       Plan    ),   as   amended   to   the   Date   of   Grant,   the   provisions   of   which   are   incorporated   herein  by    reference.    By    signing the   Grant   Notice,   the   Participant:   (a) acknowledges   receipt   of,   and   represents   that   the   Participant   has    read    and   is   familiar   with,   the   Grant   Notice,   this   Option   Agreement,   the   Plan   and   a    prospectus     for     the     Plan     prepared     in   connection     with     the     registration   with   the   Securities   and   Exchange   Commission   of     shares issuable   pursuant    to    the   Option     (the        Plan     Prospectus     ),    (b) accepts   the   Option   subject   to   all   of   the   terms   and   conditions   of   the   Grant   Notice,   this   Option   Agreement   and   the   Plan   and   (c) agrees   to   accept   as   binding,   conclusive   and   final   all   decisions   or   interpretations   of   the   Committee   upon   any   questions   arising   under   the   Grant Notice, this Option   Agreement  or  the Plan. 

1.   
 
    DEFINITIONS     AND     CONSTRUCTION  .     

1.1   Definitions  .      Unless     otherwise     defined     herein,     capitalized     terms     shall     have    the  meanings   assigned  to    such   terms  in the  Grant     Notice  or   the  Plan.  
   
   1.2   Construction  .      Captions     and     titles     contained    herein    are     for    convenience   only    and     shall    not    affect    the    meaning    or    interpretation    of   any   provision   of    this     Option     Agreement.     Except    when  otherwise     indicated   by    the   context, the  singular     shall   include  the    plural     and    the   plural    shall    include   the    singular.    Use    of    the   term    or    is   not   intended   to    be     exclusive,     unless  the   context clearly    requires   otherwise.  

2.   
 
    TAX     STATUS     OF     OPTION  .     

This   Option   is   intended   to   be   a   Nonstatutory   Stock   Option   and   shall   not   be treated   as an   Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the   Code. 

3.   
 
    ADMINISTRATION  .     

All   questions   of   interpretation   concerning   the   Grant   Notice,   this Option   Agreement,   the   Plan or  any    other   form  of    agreement or   other   document employed  by    the   Company   in   the   administration   of   the   Plan   or   the   Option   shall   be   determined    by    the   Committee.   All such determinations    by    the   Committee shall  be  final, binding   and   conclusive upon all persons   having   an   interest   in   the   Option,   unless   fraudulent   or   made   in   bad   faith.    Any    and   all   actions,   decisions   and   determinations   taken   or   made    by    the   Committee   in   the   exercise   of   its   discretion   pursuant   to   the   Plan   or   the   Option   or   other   agreement   thereunder   (other   than   determining    

questions     of     interpretation     pursuant     to     the     preceding     sentence)     shall     be     final,     binding     and     conclusive     upon   all     persons     having     an     interest     in the     Option.        Any     Officer     shall     have     the authority     to     act     on     behalf     of     the     Company     with     respect     to     any     matter,     right,     obligation,     or     election     which     is     the     responsibility   of     or     which     is     allocated     to     the     Company     herein,     provided     the     Officer has     apparent     authority     with     respect   to   such     matter,     right,     obligation,     or   election.  

4.   
 
    EXERCISE     OF     THE     OPTION  .     

4.1   Right     to     Exercise  .      Except     as     otherwise    provided    herein,    the    Option    shall   be    exercisable    on    and     after    the    Initial     Vesting    Date    and     prior    to   the    termination    of   the    Option     (as     provided    in    Section   6 )   in    an     amount    not   to   exceed   the    number    of    Vested     Shares     less    the   number   of    shares    previously    acquired    upon    exercise    of   the    Option.     In    no    event     shall    the    Option    be    exercisable for  more  shares   than  the  Number   of    Option  Shares,   as   adjusted     pursuant  to  Section  9. 
   
     4.2   Method     of     Exercise  .      Exercise    of   the    Option     shall    be    by    means   of    electronic    or    written     notice     (the        Exercise     Notice     )    in   a    form     authorized     by    the    Company.     An     electronic     Exercise    Notice   must   be   digitally   signed   or    authenticated     by    the    Participant    in    such     manner     as     required     by  the    notice     and     transmitted    to   the   Company   or    an     authorized     representative    of   the   Company (including   a   third-party  administrator     designated   by  the    Company).     In    the   event    that    the    Participant    is   not    authorized    or   is    unable    to    provide     an     electronic     Exercise     Notice,    the    Option     shall    be    exercised     by    a    written     Exercise    Notice    addressed    to   the    Company,     which    shall   be    signed     by    the    Participant     and     delivered    in    person,     by     certified    or    registered     mail,     return     receipt     requested,     by     confirmed     facsimile     transmission,    or    by     such     other     means     as    the   Company    may     permit,    to   the    Company,    or    an     authorized     representative    of   the   Company   (including   a   third-party    administrator     designated     by  the    Company).    Each    Exercise     Notice,     whether     electronic    or    written,    must    state    the    Participant s     election    to    exercise    the    Option,    the    number    of    whole     shares    of    Stock     for     which    the    Option    is    being     exercised     and    such    other     representations     and     agreements     as    to   the    Participant s     investment     intent     with     respect    to    such     shares     as     may    be   required    pursuant    to   the    provisions    of   this    Option     Agreement.     Further,     each     Exercise     Notice    must   be    received     by    the   Company    prior    to   the    termination    of   the    Option     as     set     forth    in    Section   6     and    must   be    accompanied     by     full     payment    of   the    aggregate    Exercise    Price     for    the   number   of    shares    of    Stock     being     purchased.     The     Option     shall    be    deemed    to   be    exercised    upon   receipt    by    the   Company   of    such   electronic  or  written     Exercise Notice and  the    aggregate Exercise Price.  
   
   4.3   Payment   of     Exercise     Price  .  
   
   (a)   Forms     of     Consideration     Authorized  .     Except    as    otherwise   provided   below,   payment   of   the   aggregate   Exercise   Price   for   the   number   of   shares    of    Stock   for   which   the   Option   is   being   exercised   shall   be   made   (i) in   cash,    by    check   or   in   cash   equivalent; (ii) if   permitted    by    the   Company   and   subject   to   the   limitations   contained   in   Section  4.3(b),     by    means   of   (1) a   Cashless   Exercise,   (2) a   Net-Exercise,   or   (3) a   Stock   Tender   Exercise;   or   (iii)  by    any   combination of the foregoing. 
   
         (i)   Limitations     on     Forms     of     Consideration.     The   Company   reserves,   at  any    and   all times, the right, in the Company s sole and absolute discretion, to  
   
 Page 2 of 9 

establish,     decline     to     approve     or     terminate     any     program     or     procedure     providing     for     payment     of     the     Exercise     Price     through     any     of     the     means     described     below,     including     with     respect     to     the     Participant     notwithstanding     that   such   program   or   procedures     may     be   available     to others.  
   
 (ii)   Cashless     Exercise  .     A       Cashless     Exercise       means   the   delivery    of  a   properly executed   Exercise   Notice   together   with   irrevocable   instructions   to   a   broker   in   a   form   acceptable   to   the   Company   providing   for   the   assignment   to   the   Company    of    the   proceeds   of   a   sale   or   loan   with   respect   to   shares   of   Stock   acquired   upon   the   exercise   of   the   Option   in   an   amount   not   less   than   the   aggregate   Exercise   Price   for   such   shares   (including,   without   limitation,   through   an   exercise   complying   with   the   provisions   of   Regulation T   as   promulgated   from time to time  by    the   Board  of  Governors of the   Federal Reserve System). 
   
   (iii)   Net-Exercise  .     A       Net-Exercise       means   the   delivery   of   a   properly   executed   Exercise   Notice   electing   a   procedure   pursuant   to   which   (1) the   Company   will   reduce   the   number  of  shares   otherwise   issuable   to   the   Participant   upon   the   exercise   of   the   Option    by    the   largest   whole   number   of   shares   having   a   Fair   Market   Value   that   does   not   exceed   the   aggregate   Exercise   Price   for   the   shares   with   respect   to   which   the   Option   is   exercised,   and   (2) the   Participant   shall   pay   to   the   Company   in   cash   the   remaining   balance   of   such   aggregate   Exercise   Price   not   satisfied    by    such   reduction   in   the   number   of   whole   shares   to   be   issued.   Following   a   Net-Exercise,   the   number   of   shares   remaining   subject   to   the   Option,   if   any,   shall   be   reduced    by    the   sum   of   (1) the   net   number   of   shares   issued   to   the   Participant   upon   such   exercise,   and   (2) the   number of shares deducted  by    the Company   for payment of the aggregate   Exercise Price. 
   
   (iv)   Stock     Tender     Exercise  .     A       Stock     Tender     Exercise       means   the   delivery   of   a   properly   executed   Exercise   Notice   accompanied    by    (1) the   Participant s   tender   to   the   Company,   or   attestation   to   the   ownership,   in   a   form   acceptable   to   the   Company   of   whole   shares    of    Stock   having   a   Fair   Market   Value   that   does   not   exceed   the   aggregate   Exercise   Price   for   the   shares   with   respect   to   which   the   Option   is   exercised,   and   (2) the   Participant s   payment   to   the   Company   in   cash   of   the   remaining   balance   of   such   aggregate   Exercise   Price   not   satisfied  by    such   shares    Fair   Market   Value.   A   Stock   Tender   Exercise   shall   not   be   permitted   if   it   would   constitute   a   violation   of   the   provisions   of   any   law,   regulation   or   agreement   restricting   the   redemption   of   the   Company s   stock.    If    required    by    the   Company,   the   Option    may    not   be   exercised    by    tender   to   the   Company,   or   attestation   to   the   ownership,   of   shares   of   Stock   unless   such   shares   either   have   been   owned    by    the   Participant   for   a   period    of    time   required    by    the   Company   (and   not   used   for   another   option   exercise    by    attestation   during   such   period)   or   were   not acquired, directly   or indirectly,   from the Company. 
   
   4.4  Tax  Withholding  .  
   
     (a)   In     General.     At   the   time   the   Option   is   exercised,   in   whole   or   in   part,   or   at    any    time   thereafter   as   requested    by    a   Participating   Company,   the   Participant   hereby   authorizes   withholding   from   payroll   and    any    other   amounts   payable    to    the   Participant,   and   otherwise   agrees   to   make   adequate   provision   for   (including    by    means   of   a   Cashless   Exercise   to   the   extent   permitted    by    the   Company),    any    sums   required   to   satisfy   the   federal,   state,   local   and   foreign   tax   (including   any   social   insurance)   withholding   obligations   of   the   Participating   Company Group,   if   any,   which   arise   in   connection   with   the   Option.   The   Company shall   have   no    
   
 Page 3 of 9 

obligation     to     deliver     shares     of     Stock     until     the     tax     withholding     obligations     of     the     Participating     Company     Group   have     been   satisfied     by     the   Participant.  
   
   (b)   Withholding   in     Shares  .   The Company   shall have   the right, but not   the obligation, to require   the Participant to satisfy all or  any    portion of   a Participating   Company s tax   withholding   obligations   upon   exercise   of   the   Option    by    deducting   from   the   shares   of   Stock   otherwise   issuable   to   the   Participant   upon   such   exercise   a   number   of   whole   shares   having   a   fair   market   value,   as   determined    by    the   Company   as   of   the   date   of   exercise,   not   in   excess   of   the   amount   of   such   tax   withholding   obligations   determined    by    the   applicable   minimum   statutory   withholding   rates. 
   
   4.5   Beneficial     Ownership     of     Shares;     Certificate     Registration  .      The Participant    hereby   authorizes   the    Company,    in   its   sole    discretion,    to   deposit    for    the    benefit    of   the    Participant     with    any   broker    with     which    the    Participant     has     an     account     relationship    of    which    the   Company    has     notice     any    or    all     shares     acquired     by    the    Participant     pursuant    to   the    exercise    of   the    Option.     Except     as     provided     by    the   preceding  sentence,    a    certificate     for    the    shares     as    to    which    the    Option    is    exercised    shall   be    registered    in   the   name   of   the    Participant,    or,   if    applicable,    in   the    names  of   the  heirs   of    the    Participant.  
   
     4.6   Restrictions     on     Grant     of     the     Option     and     Issuance     of     Shares  .        The grant    of   the    Option     and    the   issuance   of    shares    of    Stock    upon    exercise     of    the   Option    shall    be   subject   to    compliance     with     all     applicable     requirements    of    federal,     state     or     foreign    law    with     respect    to    such     securities.     The     Option    may   not   be    exercised    if   the    issuance     of     shares     of     Stock    upon    exercise     would     constitute    a    violation    of   any    applicable     federal,     state    or    foreign     securities     laws    or    other     law    or    regulations    or   the    requirements    of    any    stock    exchange    or    market     system    upon    which    the    Stock    may   then   be   listed.    In     addition,    the    Option    may   not   be    exercised    unless    (i)  a    registration     statement     under    the   Securities    Act     shall     at    the   time   of    exercise    of   the   Option   be   in    effect     with     respect    to   the    shares    issuable   upon    exercise    of   the    Option    or    (ii)  in   the    opinion    of    legal     counsel    to   the    Company,    the    shares     issuable    upon    exercise     of    the    Option     may    be    issued    in    accordance     with    the    terms    of    an     applicable    exemption    from    the    registration     requirements    of   the    Securities    Act.    THE     PARTICIPANT     IS     CAUTIONED     THAT     THE     OPTION     MAY    NOT    BE     EXERCISED     UNLESS     THE     FOREGOING     CONDITIONS     ARE     SATISFIED.     ACCORDINGLY,     THE     PARTICIPANT     MAY     NOT     BE     ABLE     TO     EXERCISE     THE     OPTION     WHEN   DESIRED     EVEN     THOUGH     THE     OPTION     IS     VESTED.     The    inability of   the   Company to    obtain     from     any    regulatory    body    having   jurisdiction the  authority,    if  any,   deemed   by    the  Company s     legal     counsel    to   be   necessary   to   the   lawful    issuance     and     sale     of     any     shares     subject    to   the    Option     shall     relieve    the   Company of    any    liability   in    respect     of  the    failure    to   issue   or   sell    such     shares     as    to   which    such     requisite    authority    shall    not    have     been     obtained.     As    a    condition    to   the    exercise    of   the    Option,    the   Company    may     require    the    Participant    to   satisfy   any    qualifications     that    may    be    necessary   or    appropriate,    to    evidence     compliance     with     any     applicable     law    or    regulation     and    to   make    any     representation  or  warranty     with   respect   thereto   as    may    be   requested   by    the    Company.  
   
   4.7   Fractional     Shares  .      The    Company   shall   not   be    required    to   issue    fractional     shares  upon the    exercise    of   the  Option.  

Page 4 of 9 

5.   
 
          NONTRANSFERABILITY     OF     THE     OPTION  .     

During   the   lifetime   of   the   Participant,   the   Option   shall   be   exercisable   only    by    the   Participant   or   the   Participant s   guardian   or   legal   representative.   The   Option   shall   not   be   subject   in    any    manner   to   anticipation,   alienation,   sale,   exchange,   transfer,   assignment,   pledge,   encumbrance,   or   garnishment    by    creditors   of   the   Participant   or   the   Participant s   beneficiary,   except   transfer    by    will    or     by    the   laws   of   descent   and   distribution.    Following   the   death    of    the Participant,   the   Option,    to    the   extent   provided   in   Section  7 ,   may be   exercised  by    the   Participant s   legal   representative   or    by     any    person   empowered   to   do   so   under   the   deceased   Participant s   will   or under the then   applicable laws of descent and distribution. 

6.   
 
      TERMINATION     OF     THE     OPTION  .     

The   Option   shall   terminate   and   may   no   longer   be   exercised   after   the   first   to   occur   of   (a) the   close   of   business   on   the   Option   Expiration   Date,   (b) the   close   of   business   on   the   last   date   for   exercising   the   Option   following   termination   of   the   Participant s   Service   as   described   in   Section  7 , or (c)   a Change in Control to the extent   provided in Section 8. 

7.   
 
      EFFECT     OF     TERMINATION     OF     SERVICE  .     

7.1   Option     Exercisability.      The     Option     shall    terminate    immediately    upon   the    Participant s     termination    of    Service    to   the    extent     that    it    is     then     unvested     and     shall    be    exercisable     after    the    Participant s     termination    of    Service    to   the   extent   it   is    then     vested    only   during   the    applicable  time  period     as   determined   below     and   thereafter  shall  terminate.  
   
   (a)   Disability  .      If    the   Participant s   Service   terminates   because   of   the   Disability    of    the   Participant,   the   Option,   to   the   extent   unexercised   and   exercisable   for   Vested   Shares   on   the   date   on   which   the   Participant s   Service   terminated,    may    be   exercised    by    the   Participant   (or   the   Participant s   guardian   or   legal   representative)   at    any    time   prior   to   the   expiration   of   twelve   (12)   months   after   the   date   on   which   the   Participant s   Service   terminated,   but   in any   event no later than   the Option Expiration Date. 
   
   (b)   Death  .      If    the   Participant s   Service   terminates   because   of   the   death   of   the   Participant,   the   Option,   to   the   extent   unexercised   and   exercisable   for   Vested   Shares   on   the   date   on   which   the   Participant s   Service   terminated,   may    be    exercised    by    the   Participant s   legal   representative   or   other   person   who   acquired   the   right   to   exercise   the   Option    by    reason   of   the   Participant s   death   at   any   time   prior   to   the   expiration   of   twelve   (12)   months   after   the   date   on   which   the   Participant s   Service   terminated,   but   in    any    event   no   later   than   the   Option   Expiration   Date.   The   Participant s   Service   shall   be   deemed   to   have   terminated   on   account   of   death   if   the   Participant dies within three (3) months after the Participant s termination  of  Service. 
   
   (c)   Termination     for     Cause.     Notwithstanding    any    other   provision   of   this   Option   Agreement    to    the   contrary,   if   the   Participant s   Service   is   terminated   for   Cause   or   if,   following   the   Participant s   termination   of   Service   and   during    any    period   in   which   the   Option   otherwise   would   remain   exercisable,   the   Participant   engages   in    any    act   that   would   constitute   Cause,   the   Option   shall   terminate   in   its   entirety   and   cease   to   be   exercisable   immediately   upon   such termination of Service or act. 
   
 Page 5 of 9 

7.2   Other     Termination     of     Service.      If    the    Participant s     Service     terminates     for     any     reason,     except     Disability,     death    or    Cause,    the    Option,    to   the   extent    unexercised     and     exercisable     for     Vested     Shares     by    the    Participant    on   the    date    on    which    the    Participant s     Service     terminated,    may    be     exercised     by    the    Participant     at    any   time    prior    to   the    expiration    of    three     (3)     months     after    the    date    on    which    the    Participant s     Service     terminated,    but   in   any    event  no later  than  the  Option   Expiration     Date.  
   
 7.3   Extension     if     Exercise     Prevented     by     Law  .        Notwithstanding     the    foregoing,     other     than    termination   of   the    Participant s     Service     for    Cause,   if   the    exercise    of   the    Option     within    the    applicable    time    periods     set     forth    in    Section   7.1    is    prevented     by    the    provisions    of    Section  4.6,      the   Option    shall     remain     exercisable    until   the    later    of    (a)  thirty   (30)    days     after    the    date     such    exercise    first     would    no    longer    be   prevented    by     such    provisions,   or    (b)  the    end    of   the    applicable    time    period    under    Section  7.1,       but   in   any    event    no    later     than    the    Option     Expiration     Date.  

8.   
 
      EFFECT     OF     CHANGE     IN     CONTROL  .     

In   the    event    of   a    Change    in    Control,     except    to   the   extent    that    the    Committee     determines    to    cash    out    the     Option    in    accordance     with     Section   13.1(c)    of   the    Plan,    the    surviving,     continuing,     successor,    or    purchasing    entity    or     parent     thereof,     as    the   case    may     be    (the       Acquiror     ),    may,   without   the    consent    of   the    Participant,     assume    or   continue   in    full     force     and     effect    the    Company s    rights    and     obligations    under    all    or    any     portion    of   the    Option    or   substitute    for     all    or    any     portion    of   the    Option    a   substantially    equivalent    option    for    the    Acquiror s     stock.     For     purposes     of    this    Section,    the    Option    or   any    portion     thereof     shall    be    deemed     assumed     if,     following    the    Change    in    Control,    the    Option     confers    the    right    to    receive,    subject   to   the    terms     and     conditions    of   the    Plan     and    this    Option     Agreement,     for     each    share   of    Stock     subject    to    such     portion    of   the  Option   immediately    prior   to the   Change   in    Control,  the  consideration   (whether stock,     cash,     other securities  or   property   or   a    combination  thereof)   to which a    holder    of   a    share    of  Stock    on the    effective    date   of   the   Change   in    Control    was   entitled    (and    if    holders     were     offered    a    choice    of    consideration,    the    type     of     consideration     chosen     by    the    holders    of   a   majority    of    the    outstanding     shares     of   Stock);    provided,    however,     that    if    such     consideration    is   not   solely  common     stock    of   the    Acquiror,    the    Committee     may,     with    the    consent     of    the    Acquiror,     provide    for   the    consideration    to   be    received    upon   the    exercise    of   the    Option,     for     each    share   of    Stock     subject    to   the    Option,     to     consist    solely   of   common    stock    of   the    Acquiror     equal    in    Fair     Market    Value   to   the    per     share     consideration     received     by    holders   of    Stock    pursuant   to   the    Change    in   Control.    The     Option     shall     terminate     and     cease    to   be    outstanding     effective     as    of   the   time   of    consummation    of   the    Change    in    Control    to   the    extent     that    the    Option     is     neither     assumed    or    continued     by    the    Acquiror    in    connection   with  the  Change  in  Control  nor  exercised   as  of   the   time   of   the    Change  in  Control.  

9.   
 
      ADJUSTMENTS     FOR     CHANGES     IN     CAPITAL     STRUCTURE  .     

Subject   to   any   required   action    by    the   stockholders   of   the   Company   and   the   requirements    of    Sections   409A   and   424   of   the   Code   to   the   extent   applicable,   in   the   event   of    any    change   in   the   Stock   effected   without   receipt   of   consideration    by    the   Company,   whether   through   merger,   consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock    
   
 Page 6 of 9 

dividend,     stock     split,     reverse     stock   split,     split-up,     split-off,     spin-off,   combination     of     shares,     exchange     of     shares,     or     similar     change     in     the     capital     structure     of     the     Company,     or     in     the     event     of     payment     of     a     dividend     or     distribution     to     the     stockholders     of     the     Company     in     a     form     other     than     Stock     (excepting     normal     cash     dividends)     that     has     a     material     effect     on     the     Fair     Market     Value     of     shares     of     Stock,     appropriate     and     proportionate     adjustments     shall     be     made     in     the     number,     Exercise     Price     and     kind     of     shares     subject     to     the     Option,     in     order     to     prevent     dilution     or     enlargement     of     the     Participant s     rights     under     the     Option.     For     purposes     of     the     foregoing,     conversion     of     any   convertible     securities     of     the     Company     shall     not     be     treated     as      effected     without     receipt     of     consideration     by     the     Company.       Any     fractional     share     resulting     from     an     adjustment pursuant     to     this     Section     shall     be     rounded     down     to     the     nearest     whole     number     and     the     Exercise     Price     shall     be     rounded     up     to     the     nearest     whole     cent.     In     no     event     may     the     Exercise     Price     be     decreased     to     an     amount     less     than     the     par     value,     if     any,     of     the     stock     subject     to     the     Option.     The     Committee     in     its     sole     discretion,     may     also     make     such     adjustments     in     the     terms     of     the     Option     to     reflect,     or     related     to,     such     changes     in     the     capital     structure     of     the     Company     or     distributions     as     it     deems     appropriate.     All     adjustments     pursuant     to     this     Section     shall     be     determined     by     the     Committee,     and   its   determination     shall   be   final,   binding     and     conclusive.  

10.   
 
    RIGHTS     AS     A     STOCKHOLDER,     DIRECTOR,     EMPLOYEE     OR     CONSULTANT  .     

The   Participant   shall   have   no   rights   as   a   stockholder   with   respect   to   any   shares   covered    by    the   Option   until   the   date    of    the   issuance   of   the   shares   for   which   the   Option   has   been   exercised   (as   evidenced    by    the   appropriate   entry   on   the   books    of    the   Company   or    of    a    duly    authorized   transfer   agent   of   the   Company).   No   adjustment   shall   be   made   for   dividends,   distributions   or   other   rights   for   which   the   record   date   is   prior   to   the   date   the   shares   are   issued,   except   as   provided   in   Section 9.      If    the   Participant   is   an   Employee,   the   Participant   understands   and   acknowledges   that,   except   as   otherwise   provided   in   a   separate,   written   employment   agreement   between   a   Participating Company   and   the   Participant,   the   Participant s   employment   is    at   will    and   is   for   no   specified   term.   Nothing    in    this   Option   Agreement   shall   confer   upon   the   Participant    any    right   to   continue   in   the   Service   of   a   Participating   Company    or    interfere   in    any    way   with    any    right   of   the   Participating   Company   Group   to   terminate   the   Participant s   Service   as   a Director, an Employee   or Consultant, as the case   may   be, at  any    time. 

The   Company    may    at   any   time   place   legends   referencing    any    applicable   federal,   state   or   foreign   securities   law   restrictions   on   all   certificates   representing   shares   of   stock   subject   to the provisions of this   Option Agreement. The   Participant shall, at the   request of the Company,   promptly   present   to   the   Company    any    and   all   certificates   representing   shares   acquired   pursuant   to   the   Option   in   the   possession   of   the   Participant   in   order   to   carry   out   the   provisions   of   this   Section. 

12.   
 
    MISCELLANEOUS     PROVISIONS  .     

12.1   Termination     or     Amendment.        The     Committee    may    terminate    or   amend   the    Plan    or   the    Option    at   any    time;     provided,     however,     that     except     as    provided   in    Section   8    in    connection     with    a   Change   in    Control,    no    such     termination    or    amendment    may   have   a    
   
 Page 7 of 9 

materially     adverse     effect     on     the     Option     or     any     unexercised     portion     hereof     without     the     consent     of     the     Participant     unless     such     termination     or     amendment     is     necessary     to     comply     with     any     applicable     law     or     government     regulation.     No     amendment     or     addition     to     this     Option     Agreement     shall     be     effective unless   in   writing.  
   
   12.2   Further     Instruments.    The     parties     hereto     agree    to    execute     such     further     instruments     and    to    take     such     further    action    as    may reasonably   be   necessary   to   carry   out   the    intent    of   this  Option   Agreement.  
   
   12.3   Binding     Effect.      This     Option     Agreement     shall     inure    to   the    benefit    of   the    successors     and     assigns    of   the   Company    and,    subject   to   the    restrictions    on    transfer     set    forth  herein,    be   binding   upon   the    Participant     and    the    Participant s     heirs,    executors,    administrators,     successors     and   assigns.  
   
   12.4   Delivery     of     Documents     and     Notices.    Any     document     relating    to    participation    in   the    Plan    or   any    notice     required    or    permitted     hereunder    shall   be    given    in    writing     and     shall     be     deemed    effectively    given     (except    to   the   extent    that    this   Option    Agreement    provides    for     effectiveness     only    upon    actual     receipt    of   such    notice)    upon   personal    delivery,     electronic    delivery    at     the     e-mail     address,    if    any,     provided    for   the    Participant     by    a    Participating Company,    or   upon    deposit    in   the    U.S.    Post    Office    or    foreign     postal     service,     by     registered    or    certified     mail,    or    with    a   nationally    recognized     overnight     courier     service,     with     postage    and    fees     prepaid,     addressed    to   the    other    party    at    the    address    of   such   party   set    forth    in   the    Grant    Notice   or    at     such    other    address   as  such party   may    designate  in  writing  from time   to   time   to the  other party.  
   
     (a)   Description     of     Electronic     Delivery.     The   Plan   documents,   which   may   include   but   do   not   necessarily   include:   the   Plan,   the   Grant   Notice,   this   Option   Agreement,   the   Plan   Prospectus,    and    any   reports   of   the   Company   provided   generally   to   the   Company s   stockholders,    may    be   delivered   to   the   Participant   electronically.    In    addition,   if   permitted    by    the   Company,   the   Participant   may deliver   electronically the   Grant   Notice   and   Exercise   Notice   called   for    by    Section  4.2    to   the   Company   or   to   such   third   party   involved   in   administering   the   Plan   as   the   Company    may    designate   from   time   to   time.   Such   means   of   electronic   delivery    may    include   but   do   not   necessarily   include   the   delivery   of   a   link   to   a   Company   intranet   or   the   Internet   site   of   a   third   party   involved   in   administering   the   Plan,   the   delivery   of   the   document   via   e-mail   or   such   other means of   electronic   delivery   specified  by    the   Company. 
   
     (b)   Consent     to     Electronic     Delivery.     The   Participant   acknowledges   that   the   Participant   has read Section  12.4(a)    of   this   Option   Agreement and   consents   to   the   electronic   delivery   of   the   Plan   documents   and,   if   permitted    by    the   Company,   the   delivery   of   the   Grant   Notice   and   Exercise   Notice,   as   described   in   Section   12.4(a).     The Participant   acknowledges   that   he   or   she   may   receive   from   the   Company   a   paper   copy   of    any    documents   delivered   electronically   at   no   cost   to   the   Participant    by    contacting   the   Company    by    telephone   or   in   writing.   The   Participant   further   acknowledges   that   the   Participant   will   be   provided   with   a   paper   copy   of    any    documents   if   the   attempted   electronic   delivery    of    such   documents   fails.   Similarly,   the   Participant   understands   that   the   Participant   must   provide   the   Company   or    any    designated   third    party  administrator   with   a   paper   copy of    any    documents   if   the   attempted   electronic   delivery   of   such   documents   fails.   The   Participant    may    revoke   his   or   her   consent   to   the   electronic   delivery    of    documents   described   in   Section    12.4(a)    or    may    change   the   electronic   mail    
   
 Page 8 of 9 

address     to     which     such     documents     are     to     be     delivered     (if     the     Participant     has     provided     an     electronic     mail     address)     at     any     time     by     notifying     the     Company     of     such     revoked     consent     or     revised     e-mail     address     by     telephone,     postal     service     or     electronic     mail.     Finally,     the     Participant     understands     that     he     or     she     is     not     required     to     consent     to     electronic     delivery of     documents     described   in   Section      12.4(a).   
   
   12.5   Integrated     Agreement.      The     Grant     Notice,    this    Option     Agreement     and    the    Plan,     together    with   the    Superseding     Agreement,    if    any,     shall     constitute    the    entire     understanding     and     agreement    of   the    Participant     and    the    Participating    Company    Group     with     respect    to   the    subject     matter     contained     herein     and     supersede    any   prior    agreements,     understandings,     restrictions,     representations,    or  warranties    among the  Participant   and  the  Participating    Company    Group     with     respect    to    such     subject     matter.     To    the   extent    contemplated     herein,    the    provisions    of   the    Grant     Notice,    the   Option    Agreement     and    the    Plan     shall     survive    any    exercise  of   the  Option  and  shall   remain  in  full   force and   effect.  
   
   12.6   Applicable     Law.      This     Option     Agreement    shall   be    governed     by    the   laws   of   the    State    of    California     as     such     laws     are     applied    to    agreements    between    California     residents     entered  into  and  to be  performed  entirely    within  the  State  of  California.  
   
   12.7   Counterparts.      The     Grant     Notice    may    be     executed    in    counterparts,     each    of    which     shall    be    deemed     an     original,    but    all    of    which     together     shall     constitute    one    and    the    same     instrument.  
   
 Page 9 of 9 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 quot-ex311_8.htm
 EX-31.1

quot-ex311_8.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A),  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Steven R. Boal, certify that:  

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Quotient Technology Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))  for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over the financial reporting    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting    

/s/ Steven R. Boal   

Steven R. Boal  
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 8, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 quot-ex312_6.htm
 EX-31.2

quot-ex312_6.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A),  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Ronald J. Fior, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Quotient Technology Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ Ronald J. Fior  

Ronald J. Fior 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date: November 8, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 quot-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

quot-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Quotient Technology Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven R. Boal, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.     

/s/ Steven R. Boal  

Steven R. Boal  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 8, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 quot-ex322_10.htm
 EX-32.2

quot-ex322_10.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Quotient Technology Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ronald J. Fior, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Ronald J. Fior  

Ronald J. Fior  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date: November 8, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 17
 quot-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 quot-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 quot-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 quot-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 quot-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 quot-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

