<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1659617_0001144204-16-135457_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2682870</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99826</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>183589</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>527392</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1200127</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>630264</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-135457.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121060423
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-135457
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Moleculin Biotech, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001659617
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				474671999
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37758
		FILM NUMBER:		162008987

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2575 WEST BELLFORT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 333
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-300-5160

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2575 WEST BELLFORT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 333
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77054

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-135457.txt : 20161121

10-Q/A
 1
 v453497_10qa.htm
 10-Q/A

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

  FORM 10-Q/A  

  (Amendment No. 1)  

(Mark One) 

x 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  

  ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended  June 30,
2016  

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  

  ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from _______________________
to ___________________________ 

Commission File Number:    001-37758  

MOLECULIN BIOTECH, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(713) 300-5160  

 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

(Former Name, Former Address and Former
Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

  x 
Yes        No      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

  x 
 Yes        No      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
 See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  
         x    
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

Yes          x   No 

Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of August 8, 2016: 11,254,756  

EXPLANATORY NOTE   

This Amendment No. 1 ( Form 10-Q/A )
to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 ( Original Filing ), filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on August 15, 2016, is being filed for the purpose of restating our unaudited consolidated
financial statements as of June 30, 2016 and to make corresponding revisions to certain disclosures in the Original Filing. As
disclosed in our Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2016, the restatement is the result of an error in the accounting for the business
combination of Moleculin, LLC. 

Our management has determined that there
was a control deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting that constitutes a material weakness, as discussed in
Part I   Item 4 of this Form 10-Q/A. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, in internal
control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim
consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. For a discussion of management s consideration
of our disclosure controls and procedures and the material weakness identified, see Part I   Item 4 included in this Form
10-Q/A. 

For reasons discussed above, we are filing
this Form 10-Q/A in order to amend the following items in  our Original Filing to the extent necessary to reflect the adjustments
discussed above and make corresponding revisions to our financial data cited elsewhere in this Form 10-Q/A: 

Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited)   

Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Part I, Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors   

In accordance with applicable SEC rules,
this Form 10-Q/A includes new certifications required by Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange
Act ) from our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer dated as of the date of filing this Form 10-Q/A. 

This Form 10-Q/A amends and restates in its entirety each section of the Original Filing impacted as a
result of the change in presentation, but each section that has been restated is noted in Note 2 to the financial statements. This
Form 10-Q/A has not been updated to reflect events occurring after August 15, 2016, the date of the Original Filing. Therefore,
this Form 10-Q/A should be read in conjunction with filings we have made with the SEC subsequent to August 15, 2016. 

Moleculin Biotech, Inc.  

  FORM 10-Q  

  For period ended June 30, 2016  

INDEX  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      17   
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      20   
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      20   
 
        PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      21   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
     21  
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     23  
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      24   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      24   
 
      Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      24   
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      25   
 
        SIGNATURES    
      26   

2   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Moleculin Biotech, Inc.  

  Balance Sheets  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited
financial statements. 

3   

Moleculin Biotech, Inc.  

  Statements of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited
financial statements. 

4   

Moleculin Biotech, Inc.  

  Statement of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the unaudited
financial statements. 

5   

Moleculin Biotech, Inc.  

  Notes to Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)   

Note 1   Description of Business
and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Nature of Business    Moleculin
Biotech, Inc. ( MBI  or the  Company ) is a preclinical and clinical-stage pharmaceutical company organized
as a Delaware corporation in July 2015 to focus on the development of anti-cancer drug candidates, some of which are based on license
agreements with The University of Texas System on behalf of the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, which we refer to as MD Anderson. 

Our lead drug candidate is liposomal Annamycin,
which we refer to as Annamycin, an anthracycline intended for the treatment of relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia, or
AML. In August 2015, the Company entered into a rights transfer agreement with AnnaMed, Inc. ( AnnaMed ), a company
affiliated with certain members of the Company s management and board of directors, pursuant to which, in exchange for 1,431,000
shares of the Company s common stock, AnnaMed agreed to transfer any and all data it had regarding the development of Annamycin
and the Annamycin IND, including all trade secrets, know-how, confidential information and other intellectual property rights held
by AnnaMed. Annamycin has been in clinical trials pursuant to an investigational new drug application, or IND, that had been filed
with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. This IND was terminated due to a lack of activity by a prior drug developer.
The Company intends to apply for a new IND based on the same data that supported the original IND, updated for subsequent clinical
data, and to commence a Phase II clinical trial for Annamycin funded with the proceeds from our Initial Public Offering which was
completed on May 31, 2016. 

The Annamycin drug substance is no longer
covered by any existing patent protection. We intend to submit patent applications for formulation, synthetic process and reconstitution
related to our Annamycin drug product candidate, although there is no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining such patent
protection. Independently from potential patent protection, we believe Annamycin will qualify for Orphan Drug status, which could
entitle us to market exclusivity of up to 7 and 10 years from the date of approval of a New Drug Application ( NDA )
and Marketing Authorization ( MA ), in the US and the European Union ( EU ), respectively. However, there
can be no assurance that such status will be granted. Separately, the FDA may also grant market exclusivity of up to five years
for newly approved new chemical entities (of which Annamycin would be one), but there can be no assurance that such exclusivity
will be granted or, if granted, for how long. 

We have two other drug development projects
in progress, one involving a portfolio of small molecules, which we refer to as the WP1066 Portfolio, focused on the modulation
of key oncogenic transcription factors involved in the progression of cancer, and the WP1122 Portfolio, a suite of molecules targeting
the metabolic processes involved in cancer in general, and glioblastoma (the most common form of brain tumor) in particular. We
have been granted royalty-bearing, worldwide, exclusive licenses for the patent and technology rights related to our WP1066 Portfolio
and WP1122 Portfolio drug technologies, as these patent rights are owned by MD Anderson. 

On August 11, 2015, the Company entered
into a rights transfer agreement for WP1122 with IntertechBio Corporation ( IntertechBio ), a company affiliated with
certain members of our management, whereby IntertechBio agreed to assign its license or sublicense its license to certain metabolic
inhibitor technology owned by MD Anderson. In consideration, the Company issued 630,000 common shares to IntertechBio. IntertechBio
agreed to make payments to MD Anderson including an up-front payment, license documentation fee, annual maintenance fee, milestone
payments and minimum annual royalty payments for sales of products developed under the license agreement. The Company has assumed
the rights and obligations of IntertechBio under the license agreement with MD Anderson. All out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
MD Anderson in filing, prosecuting and maintaining the licensed patents have been and shall continue to be assumed by the Company. 

The Company filed a registration statement
on Form S-1 (which was declared effective on May 2, 2016) with respect to the Company s initial public offering of shares
of its common stock ( IPO ) to fund the development of its technologies. Prior to the declaration of effectiveness
of the registration statement on Form S-1, we acquired Moleculin, LLC which was merged with and into MBI, which survived the merger.
Moleculin, LLC was the holder of a license agreement with MD Anderson covering technology referred to as the WP1066 Portfolio,
which is focused on the modulation of key oncogenic transcription factors. 

Basis of Presentation - Unaudited Interim
Financial Information    The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements and related notes have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim
financial information, and in accordance with the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  SEC ) with respect to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The unaudited interim financial statements
furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for
a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results
for the full year. These interim unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements
of the Company as of December 31, 2015 and for the period from July 28, 2015 (inception) to December 31, 2015 and notes thereto
contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 27, 2016. The Company was formed in July
2015; therefore there is no comparative financial information that can be compared to the financial results of the three and six
months ended June 30, 2016. 

6   

Use of Estimates in Financial Statement
Presentation -  The preparation of these financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Acquisition     We
acquired Moleculin, LLC ( Moleculin ) on May 2, 2016, and, going forward our financial statements include the operations
of Moleculin, LLC. We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other
things, that most assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date
and that the fair value of acquired in-process research and development ( IPR D ) be recorded on the balance sheet.
Transaction costs are expensed as incurred. Any excess of the consideration transferred over the assigned values of the net assets
acquired is recorded as goodwill. The estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, were determined based
on management s best estimates. Preliminary estimated fair values are subject to measurement period adjustments which represent
updates made to the preliminary purchase price allocation based on revisions to valuation estimates in the interim period subsequent
to the acquisition and initial accounting date up until the purchase price allocation is finalized which cannot be any later than
one year from the acquisition date.  

Going Concern -  These financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge
its liabilities in the normal course of business. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued
financial support from its stockholders, the ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations,
and the attainment of profitable operations. As of June 30, 2016, the Company has incurred an accumulated deficit of $1,819,328
since inception, and had not yet generated any revenue from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as
a going concern. The Company may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, government
or other third-party funding, commercialization, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances
and licensing arrangements. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents -  The
Company considers all highly liquid accounts with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At June 30,
2016, all of the Company s cash was deposited in two banks and at December 31, 2015, all of the Company s cash was
deposited in one bank. Periodically, the Company may carry cash balances at financial institutions in excess of the federally
insured limit of $250,000. The amount in excess of the FDIC insurance at June 30, 2016 was $6,744,684. 

Intangible assets -  Intangible assets
with finite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit. If an intangible asset is
identified as an in-process research   development asset then no amortization will occur until the development is complete.
If the associated research and development effort is abandoned, the related assets will be written-off and the Company will record
a noncash impairment loss on its statements of operations. For those compounds that reach commercialization, the IPR D assets
will be amortized over their estimated useful lives. 

We evaluate the recoverability of intangible
assets periodically and take into account events or circumstances that warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate
that impairment exists. No material impairments of intangible assets have been identified during any of the periods presented.
Intangible assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis, and between annual tests if indicators of potential impairment
exist, using a fair-value-based approach. 

Beneficial Conversion Feature  -
From time to time, the Company may issue convertible notes that have conversion prices that create an embedded beneficial conversion
feature on the issuance date. A beneficial conversion feature exists on the date a convertible note is issued when the fair value
of the underlying common stock to which the note is convertible into is in excess of the remaining unallocated proceeds of the
note after first considering the allocation of a portion of the note proceeds to the fair value of any attached equity instruments,
if any related equity instruments were granted with the debt. Prior to the Company s IPO, the Company estimates the fair
value of its common stock using the most recent selling price available. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature
is recorded as a debt discount with a corresponding amount to additional paid-in capital. The debt discount is amortized to interest
expense over the life of the note using the effective interest method.    

Income Taxes -  The Company uses
the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax bases of reported assets and liabilities and are measured
using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company must then
assess the likelihood that the resulting deferred tax assets will be realized. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

Stock-based Compensation -  Stock-based
compensation expense includes the estimated fair value of equity awards vested during the reporting period. The expense for equity
awards vested during the reporting period is determined based upon the grant date fair value of the award and is recognized as
expense over the applicable vesting period of the stock award using the straight-line method. 

7   

Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 
- Basic net earnings (loss) per common share are computed by dividing net earnings (loss) available to common shareholders by the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net earnings (loss) per common share is determined
using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for the dilutive effect of common stock
equivalents. In periods when losses are reported, the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding excludes common stock
equivalents, because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As of June 30, 2016, the Company s potentially dilutive
shares included notes convertible to 2,691,803 common shares, option to purchase 200,000 common shares and warrants to purchase
107,802 common shares. 

Research and Development Costs - 
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. 

Subsequent Events -  The Company s
management reviewed all material events through the date these financial statements were issued for subsequent event disclosure
consideration. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements -  

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standard Update ( ASU ) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which will replace numerous requirements
in U.S. GAAP, including industry-specific requirements, and provide companies with a single revenue recognition model for recognizing
revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the new standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict
the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB approved a proposal to defer the effective date
of the guidance until annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact that this standard will have on its financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern. Under the new guidance, management will be required to assess an entity s ability to continue
as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. The provisions of this ASU are effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter; early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this standard will have on its financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01, Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ( ASU
2016-01 ). ASU 2016-01 affects the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option
and the presentation and disclosure requirements of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
that this standard will have on its financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ). Under ASU 2016-02, an entity will be required to recognize right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 offers
specific accounting guidance for a lessee, a lessor and sale and leaseback transactions. Lessees and lessors are required to disclose
qualitative and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial statements to assess the
amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. For public companies, ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires a modified
retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this standard will
have on its financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718). The new guidance changes the accounting and simplifies various aspects of the accounting
for share-based payments to employees. The guidance allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur or based
on an estimated number of awards that are expected to vest. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this standard will have on its financial
statements. 

8   

The Company does not believe that any other
recently issued effective pronouncements, or pronouncements issued but not yet effective, if adopted, would have a material effect
on the accompanying financial statements. 

Note 2   Restatements  

On November 14, 2016, the Company determined
that there was an error in the accounting for the business combination of Moleculin, LLC. Following is a summary of the restatement
changes made to the financial statements previously filed as of and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016. 

Balance sheet at June 30, 2016: 

Income statement for the three months ended
June 30, 2016: 

Income statement for the six months ended
June 30, 2016: 

Note 3   Intangible Assets  

The Acquisition of Moleculin, LLC   

On May 2, 2016, Moleculin, LLC, a Texas
limited liability company, was merged with and into the Company. As a result of the merger, the Company issued to the holders of
Moleculin equity interests an aggregate of 999,931 shares of the Company s common stock valued at $5,999,586 based on the
estimated acquisition-date fair value of our common stock of $6.00, equal to the IPO price announced in our prospectus filed on
that date. These shares contain certain trading restrictions. Prior to the Company s acquisition of Moleculin, the Company
had loaned $57,822 to Moleculin which was treated as part of the consideration paid to acquire Moleculin. 

9   

As additional consideration payable to
the Moleculin unit holders, we agreed pursuant to the merger agreement that if drugs for dermatology indications are successfully
developed by us (or our successors) using any of the Existing IP Assets, then the Moleculin, LLC unit holders, in the aggregate,
will be entitled to receive a 2.5% royalty on the net revenues generated by such drugs. Any such net revenues would include a deduction
for license fees or royalty obligations payable to MD Anderson for such Existing IP Assets. The merger agreement defined  Existing
IP Assets  to mean all intellectual property, licensed by us and Moleculin as of the time of the merger, including, without
limitation, the intellectual property licensed from MD Anderson under the Patent and Technology License Agreement entered into
by and between IntertechBio Corporation and MD Anderson dated April 2, 2012, as amended, and the Patent and Technology License
Agreement dated June 21, 2010, as amended, between MD Anderson and Moleculin, LLC, but excluding any intellectual property relating
to Annamycin. The right to receive the contingent royalty payments described herein is limited to drugs developed only for
dermatology indications, and does not include drugs developed for any other indications. We have no obligation of any nature to
pursue the development of any drugs for dermatology indications. 

Our acquisition of Moleculin, LLC, occurring
prior to our IPO offering, provided us with the rights to the license agreement that Moleculin, LLC had with MD Anderson covering
the WP1066 Portfolio. However, Moleculin, LLC had previously granted Houston Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( HPI ), a related
party, an option, which could be exercised at any time, to obtain an exclusive sub-license to develop the WP1066 Portfolio in all
non-dermatological fields. Moleculin, LLC had previously pursued development of the WP1066 Portfolio for treatment of psoriasis,
however, psoriasis related clinical trials had been terminated. Because WP1066 has shown significant activity against a wide range
of tumors, Moleculin, LLC focus prior to the acquisition included the development of drugs for cancer treatment. However, the exclusive
sub-license option held by HPI precluded Moleculin, LLC from pursuing drug development related to non-skin cancers, in addition
to potentially creating significant intellectual property, clinical and commercialization risks associated with drug development
for skin cancers. Re-acquisition of the HPI option was therefore essential for the values of both the WP1066 Portfolio and Moleculin,
LLC. 

In connection with the acquisition of Moleculin,
LLC, we also negotiated on behalf of Moleculin, LLC two agreements with HPI. Under the first agreement, the HPI s option
to obtain the aforementioned exclusive sublicense was terminated in exchange for a payment of $100,000 and the issuance of 629,000
shares of our common stock. Under the second agreement (HPI Out-Licensing Agreement) HPI has received a non-exclusive technology
rights and development sublicense under which it may continue its ongoing work to develop the WP1066 Portfolio related to treatment
of non-skin cancer. Pursuant to this HPI Out-Licensing Agreement, we agreed to make payments to HPI of $750,000 over a three-year
period commencing after the IPO offering in exchange for HPI allowing us to access any data, information or know-how resulting
from the research and development conducted by HPI which will be expensed, as incurred, as research and development expense. Notwithstanding
our obligation to make the foregoing payments, the HPI Out-Licensing Agreement does not obligate HPI to conduct any specific research
or to meet any milestones. Pursuant to the HPI Out-Licensing Agreement, we have the right within three years of the effective date
to buy-out from HPI all rights granted to HPI under the agreement for a payment of $1.0 million. Upon our exercise of the buy-out
we will no longer be obligated to make any payments to HPI remaining from the $750,000 obligation discussed above. If we do not
exercise the foregoing buy-out right within three years, the license granted to HPI shall convert into an exclusive license. As
such, if we do not exercise the buy-out right for any reason, we will no longer have access to the non-skin cancer uses of the
WP1066 Portfolio. As noted above, this will also potentially create risks for the development of skin cancer drugs. We do not intend
to set aside and designate cash and cash equivalents in the amount of $1.0 million to make the buy-out payment. If we ultimately
decide to exercise the buy-out right from HPI all rights granted the HPI under the agreement, we will need to raise additional
funds to make the buy-out payment. We cannot assure that such additional funding will be available on satisfactory terms, or at
all. 

The agreements with HPI were executed on
May 2, 2016, simultaneously with the closing of the Moleculin, LLC acquisition, and were non-cancelable but contingent on the Company s
ability to complete the IPO by June 30, 2016. They became effective on May 31, 2016. 

10   

The termination of the HPI option was completed
on behalf of Moleculin, LLC, and was required to enable the sale of Moleculin, LLC by materializing the value of its most significant
asset, and was non-cancelable by either party. Further, the HPI option termination price was determined simultaneously with the
acquisition on May 2, 2016 as our IPO price was established at that time. Accordingly, we concluded that this transaction was primarily
for the benefit of Moleculin, LLC and its former owners, resulting in control of the underlying intellectual property and thereby
increasing the value of Moleculin, LLC intangible assets immediately prior to the closing of its acquisition by us. 

HPI option termination price amounted to
$3,874,000, consisting of 629,000 shares of our common stock valued at the IPO price of $6.00 per share, and $100,000 paid in cash
in July 2016, and was included in acquisition-date liabilities assumed. 

Purchase Price Allocation  

The acquisition price was allocated to
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values. The following table summarizes the estimated
fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. 

The Company is in the process of obtaining
input from third-parties regarding its tangible and intangible assets and other information necessary to measure the fair value
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the acquisition of Moleculin, LLC; thus the provisional measurements
of current assets, property and equipment, intangibles, and liabilities assumed are subject to change, which could be significant.
We will finalize the amounts recognized as we obtain the information necessary to complete our analysis. As of this date, management
believes all or most of the intangible assets are IPR D related to the WP1066 Portfolio, and, as such, no amortization has
been recorded to date. Any changes to the provisional measurements will be recognized in the period in which they are determined.
We expect to finalize these amounts as soon as possible but no later than one year from the acquisition date. 

Intangible assets consisted of the following
at June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Unaudited Pro Forma Results of Operations   

The following comparative table presents
the unaudited condensed pro forma results of operations that reflect the acquisition of Moleculin as if the acquisition had occurred
as of the first day of each period presented, adjusted for items that are directly attributable to the acquisition. This information
has been compiled from historical financial statements and is not necessarily indicative of the results that actually would have
been achieved had the transaction already occurred or that may be achieved in the future. 

11   

The three months ended June 30, 2016 are
adjusted on a pro forma basis to exclude $72,736 in net interest expense related to the amortization of deferred financing costs
and debt discount amortization for Moleculin, LLC s convertible notes. The holders of the convertible notes were issued the
Company s common shares upon the Company s acquisition of Moleculin, LLC. 

The six months ended June 30, 2016 are
adjusted on a pro forma basis to exclude $145,078 in net interest expense related to the amortization of deferred financing costs
and debt discount amortization for Moleculin, LLC s convertible notes. The holders of the convertible notes were issued the
Company s common shares upon the Company s acquisition of Moleculin, LLC. 

Note 4   Convertible Notes Payable  

On various dates from August 31, 2015 through
January 19, 2016, each as amended on March 10, 2016, the Company entered into seven unsecured promissory notes with three separate
third party investors. Each note bears interest at 8.0% per annum and matures on the earlier of June 30, 2016 or the completion
of an IPO of the Company s securities. 

Since the completion of the IPO occurred
prior to June 30, 2016, these notes were to be automatically converted according to their terms into shares of the Company s
common stock at applicable conversion price upon the Company s IPO to the extent and provided that no holder of these notes
was or will be permitted to convert such notes to the extent that the holder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in
excess of 4.99% of our common stock after such conversion. Due to this 4.99% limitation, the remaining principal and accrued interest
amounts of the effected notes will remain outstanding and will be converted into shares of our common stock at such time as the
4.99% limitation continues to be met. Until such time as the notes are converted into shares of common stock, the maturity date
of the notes will automatically be extended and we will not be required to repay the notes or the accrued interest relating to
the notes in cash. 

The IPO was completed on May 31, 2016.
On May 31, 2016, pursuant to the conversion feature of the foregoing notes and with restriction of the 4.99% beneficially owned
condition limitation, the Company issued 1,166,503 common shares in total, reducing convertible debt principal by $183,356 and
accrued interest by $17,699. The remaining convertible debt without consideration of accrued interest as of June 30, 2016, if converted
on June 30, 2016, would result in an additional 2,691,803 common shares to be issued. 

The convertible notes were analyzed for
a beneficial conversion feature on various issuance dates, at which time it was concluded that a beneficial conversion feature
did not exist. 

12   

The table below represents the shares that
are convertible at June 30, 2016 relating to the principal amounts of these convertible notes payable and excludes any shares that
are convertible relating to the associated accrued interest: 

* Debt partially converted on May 31, 2016. 

 ** Debt fully converted to common shares on May 31, 2016. 

The common shares relating to the above
mentioned convertible notes payable contain the following trading restrictions: (a) beginning 90 days after the initial closing
of our IPO and until the one-year anniversary of the initial closing of the IPO, the holder of the note will be able to sell 1%
of the number of shares of common stock underlying the note on a monthly basis, subject to a maximum sale on any trading day of
4% of the daily volume; (b) if the common stock price is over $7.00 per share for five consecutive trading days then the holder
of the note can sell up to 3% of the number of shares of common stock underlying the note on a monthly basis, subject to a maximum
sale on any trading day of 4% of the daily volume; (c) if the common stock price is over $10.00 per share for five consecutive
trading days then the holder of the note can sell up to an additional 5% of the number of shares of common stock underlying the
note on a monthly basis, subject to a maximum sale on any trading day of 7% of the daily volume; and (d) if the common stock price
is over $14.00 per share then the holder of the note is not restricted from making any sales until such time as the common stock
price falls back below $14.00 per share; and (b) thereafter, until the two-year anniversary of the initial closing of IPO, the
holder of the note can sell on any trading day 10% of the daily volume; provided that if the common stock price is over $10.00
per share then the holder of the note is not restricted from making any sales until such time as the common stock falls back below
$10.00 per share. The foregoing lock-up restrictions relate to public sales and do not restrict the transfer of the shares privately,
if permitted by applicable law, provided the acquirer of the shares agrees to comply with the above restrictions with respect to
any public sales. 

Note 5   Equity  

On May 2, 2016, the Company amended and
restated its certificate of incorporation to increase the number of shares issuable to 80,000,000 of which 5,000,000 shares of
preferred stock and 75,000,000 shares of common stock are authorized. 

Preferred Stock  

We are authorized to issue up to 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the board to issue these shares in one or more series, to
determine the designations and the powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and the qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof, including the dividend rights, conversion or exchange rights, voting rights (including the
number of votes per share), redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions and the number of shares
constituting the series. As of June 30, 2016, there was no designated preferred stock. 

Common Stock  

On May 31, 2016, the Company completed
its IPO and sold 1,540,026 shares of the Company s common stock. The IPO price per share was $6.00. The Company received
net proceeds of $8,464,183 after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and direct offering expenses payable by us. Pursuant
to our agreement with our underwriters, as additional compensation, we issued the underwriters warrants to purchase 107,802 shares
of common stock exercisable for a period of 5 years from date of issuance at an exercise price of $7.50 per share. The relative
fair value of these warrants was $374,763 calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Variables used in the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model include: (1) discount rate of 1.39% (2) expected life of 5 years, (3) expected volatility of 80.61%, and (4)
zero expected dividends. 

In August 2015, the Company agreed to issue
4,600,000 shares of common stock to its director and officers for subscriptions of $4,600 cash to be received. As of June 30, 2016,
the Company had not collected the proceeds for $3,000 of the subscriptions. 

13   

During the period from January 1, 2016
through May 2, 2016, the Company sold 234,296 common shares for $702,888. These shares are subject to the following lock-up agreement,
from and after the later of six months after issuance or 90 days from the effective date of our IPO registration statement until
the one-year anniversary thereof, (a) the holder of the shares can sell up to 10% of the purchased shares per month, subject to
a maximum sale on any trading day of 8% of the daily volume of the common stock; (b) if the common stock price is over $7.00 per
share for five consecutive trading days then the holder of the shares can sell up to 20% of the purchased shares per month, subject
to a maximum sale on any trading day of 10% of the daily volume of the common stock; and (c) if the common stock price is over
$12.00 per share then the holder of the shares is not restricted from making any sales until such time as the common stock price
falls back below $12.00 per share.  

On June 20, 2016, the Company agreed to
issue 24,000 shares of common stock to PCG Advisory Group, the Company s investor relations firm, for services provided.
The fair value of these shares was $157,688 based on the market price on the grant date. 

Adoption of 2015 Stock Plan  

On December 5, 2015, the Board of Directors
of the Company approved the Company s 2015 Stock Plan, which was amended on April 22, 2016. The expiration date
of the plan is December 5, 2025 and the total number of underlying shares of the Company s common stock available for grant
to employees, directors and consultants under the plan is 2,500,000 shares. The awards under the 2015 Stock Plan can be in the
form of stock options, stock awards or stock unit awards. 

As of June 30, 2016, the Company has options
to purchase 200,000 common shares outstanding. All of the options outstanding were issued on December 10, 2015. These options are
exercisable at $0.20 per share and had a remaining contractual term of 9.5 years and an intrinsic value of $1,286,000 on June 30,
2016. Options to purchase 50,000 common shares vest each year beginning on December 10, 2016. During the six months ended June
30, 2016, the Company recorded stock option expense of $3,808. As of June 30, 2016, none of the options were exercisable and unamortized
expense related to these options was $23,582. 

Note 6   Income Taxes  

As of June 30, 2016, the Company had an
operating loss carry forward of approximately $1,700,000 which expires commencing in 2035. The value of these carryforwards depends
on the Company s ability to generate taxable income. A change in ownership, as defined by federal income tax regulations,
could significantly limit the Company s ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards. Additionally, because federal
tax laws limit the time during which the net operating loss carryforwards may be applied against future taxes, if the Company fails
to generate taxable income prior to the expiration dates the Company may not be able to fully utilize the net operating loss carryforwards
to reduce future income taxes. The Company has cumulative losses and there is no assurance of future taxable income, therefore,
valuation allowances have been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset at June 30, 2016. 

Note 7   Commitments and Contingencies  

MD Anderson   IntertechBio Agreement  

On August 11, 2015, the Company acquired
the rights and obligations under the Patent and Technology License Agreement entered into between IntertechBio and MD Anderson
dated April 2, 2012. Pursuant to the agreement, IntertechBio obtained a royalty-bearing, worldwide, exclusive license to intellectual
property including patent rights related to the Company s drug product candidate, WP1122. Under the agreement, IntertechBio
agreed to pay annual maintenance fee in the amount of $10,000 on the first anniversary of the effective date of the agreement,
$20,000 on the second anniversary of the effective date of the agreement, $40,000 on the third anniversary of the effective date
of the agreement, $60,000 on the fourth anniversary of the effective date of the agreement (this payment was not made at that time
and the parties entered into an amendment to defer this payment until the earlier of May 31, 2016 or four days after the IPO),
$80,000 on the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the agreement and $100,000 on the sixth anniversary of the effective
date of the agreement, except that such payments will no longer be due upon the first sale of a licensed product. Under the agreement,
IntertechBio also agreed to make a minimum annual royalty payment in the amount of $200,000 for the first anniversary following
the first sale of a licensed product, $400,000 for the second anniversary following the first sale of a licensed product, and $600,000
for the third year following the first sale of a licensed product. IntertechBio also agreed to make certain milestone payments.
Pursuant to an amendment on October 19, 2015, the Company will pay milestone payments as follows: 

14   

Per the October 2015 amendment to the agreement,
MD Anderson has the right to terminate the license agreement if (i) a preclinical toxicology program for a licensed product is
not initiated within one year of the effective date of the amendment, (ii) an investigational new drug application is not filed
with the Food and Drug Administration for a Phase I study for a licensed product within three years of the effective date of the
amendment, or (iii) a Phase I study for a licensed product is not commenced within five years of the effective date of the amendment.
The agreement will expire upon the expiration of the licensed intellectual property. The rights obtained by the Company pursuant
to the agreement are made subject to the rights of the U.S. government to the extent that the technology covered by the licensed
intellectual property was developed under a funding agreement between MD Anderson and the U.S. government. All out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by MD Anderson in filing, prosecuting and maintaining the licensed patents have been and shall continue to be assumed
by the Company. 

On October 8, 2015, IntertechBio Corporation
entered into a letter agreement with MD Anderson wherein MD Anderson agreed to receive past due maintenance fees and patent expenses
of $98,108 owed by IntertechBio Corporation in four installments. The past due amount is related to certain metabolic inhibitor
technology license that was assigned to the Company by IntertechBio Corporation and was owed by IntertechBio Corporation prior
to the Company s acquisition of the license. Pursuant to the letter, IntertechBio Corporation also agreed to pay $65,504
in patent fees to a law firm. In order to have the license in good standing, the Company agreed to pay MD Anderson the $98,108
and the $65,504 in patent fees to a patent law firm on behalf of IntertechBio Corporation. As of December 31, 2015, $45,000 of
the past due amount to MD Anderson and $42,504 in patent fees to a patent law firm were still outstanding and were included in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities. On April 15, 2016, the Company entered into a letter agreement with MD Anderson where
MD Anderson agreed to receive the remaining outstanding amount on or before the earlier of a) May 31, 2016 or b) four days after
the Company s completion of the IPO. These amounts were paid prior to or on May 31, 2016. Per the amended agreement, the
Company paid the outstanding IntertechBio fees on May 31, 2016 in the amount of $64,004 that included $44,004 to a patent agent
associated with MD Anderson and the technology. 

MD Anderson   Patent   Technology
License Agreement  

Upon the Company s acquisition of
Moleculin, LLC on May 2, 2016, we obtained a royalty-bearing, worldwide, exclusive license to intellectual property rights, including
patent rights related to our WP1066 drug product candidate from MD Anderson through a Patent and Technology License Agreement Moleculin,
LLC entered with MD Anderson on June 21, 2010 (the  Moleculin License Agreement ). Under the Moleculin License
Agreement, Moleculin, LLC obtained the right to manufacture, have manufactured, use, import, offer to sell or sell products worldwide
for any indication under the licensed intellectual property with the right to sublicense. In consideration, Moleculin, LLC agreed
to make payments to MD Anderson including an up-front payment, milestone payments and minimum annual royalty payments for sales
of products developed under the license agreement. Specifically, under the Moleculin License Agreement, Moleculin, LLC agreed to
pay a nonrefundable upfront documentation fee; annual maintenance fee in the amount of $20,000 on June 21, 2011, which has and
shall increase in $10,000 increments on an annual basis thereafter up to a maximum of $100,000, except that such payments will
no longer be due upon marketing approval in any country of a licensed product. Under the Moleculin License Agreement, Moleculin,
LLC also agreed to make a minimum annual royalty payment to MD Anderson in the amount of $200,000 after the first sale of a licensed
product. 

Upon completion of our acquisition of Moleculin,
LLC, we assumed the rights and obligations of Moleculin, LLC. However, the rights we have obtained pursuant to the assignment of
the Moleculin License Agreement are made subject to the rights of the U.S. government to the extent that the technology covered
by the licensed intellectual property was developed under a funding agreement between MD Anderson and the U.S. government. All
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by MD Anderson in filing, prosecuting and maintaining the licensed patents have been and shall
continue to be assumed by us. 

On October 8, 2015, Moleculin, LLC entered
into a letter agreement with MD Anderson for Moleculin, LLC s past due fees to MD Anderson in the amount of $691,186 of which
$300,000 has been paid prior to the letter agreement. Pursuant to the letter agreement, MD Anderson agreed to receive the remaining
past due fee in three installments: a) $125,000 due on October 31, 2015; b) $175,000 due on January 31, 2016; and c) $91,186 due
on April 30, 2016. Moleculin, LLC paid $125,000 to MD Anderson on November 2, 2015. 

On October 19, 2015, the agreement was
amended for the milestone payments. The amended milestone payments are as follows: (i) commencement of Phase III Study for first
licensed drug/product within the United States, Europe, China or Japan - $150,000; (ii) submission of the first NDA within the
United States - $500,000; and (iii) receipt of first marketing approval for sale of a license product in the United States $600,000. 

On January 28, 2016, the Company and Moleculin,
LLC entered into a letter agreement with MD Anderson where MD Anderson agreed to receive the remaining outstanding amount on or
before the earlier of April 30, 2016 or four days after our IPO. This date was amended and per the amended agreement, the Company
paid the outstanding Moleculin, LLC fees on May 31, 2016 in the amount of $306,186. 

15   

Bonwick Capital Partners LLC  

On January 22, 2016, as amended on February
15, 2016, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Bonwick Capital Partners LLC. ( Bonwick ) to engage Bonwick
as an exclusive financial advisor of the Company. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to: a) pay success fees equal to
7% of the gross proceeds from any form of financing; and b) issue five-year warrants to purchase 7% of the Company s equity
securities sold with a cashless exercise provision, exercisable at 125% of the price per share of the Company s common stock
paid by investors in the transaction. In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse Bonwick for all of its out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with the offering, not to exceed $25,000, and fees and expenses of their counsel not to exceed $100,000.
Upon completion of the Company s IPO, the Company paid Bonwick a $50,000 advisory fee. 

Bonwick shall be entitled to a success
fee as set forth above if the Company completes a financing with parties introduced by Bonwick prior to the termination agreement
or during the 6 month period following the termination of the agreement. In connection with the Company s IPO, Bonwick received
a success fee of $646,872, warrants to purchase 107,802 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $7.50 per share, and $6,266
for reimbursement of expenses. 

Houston Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

Our acquisition of Moleculin, LLC, occurring
prior to our IPO offering, provided us with the rights of the license agreement that Moleculin, LLC had with MD Anderson covering
the WP1066 Portfolio. As discussed in Note 2, we are obligated to make payments to HPI of $750,000 over a three-year period commencing
after the IPO offering in exchange for HPI allowing us to access any data, information or know-how resulting from the research
and development conducted by HPI. Pursuant to the HPI Out-Licensing Agreement, we have the right within three years of the date
we enter into the agreement to buy-out from HPI all rights granted to HPI under the agreement for a payment of $1.0 million. Upon
our exercise of the buy-out we will no longer be obligated to make any payments to HPI remaining from the $750,000 obligation discussed
above. We will need to raise additional funds to make the buy-out payment. We cannot assure that such additional funding will be
available on satisfactory terms, or at all. 

16   

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT NOTICE  

This Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) contains certain forward-looking statements.
Historical results may not indicate future performance. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events,
are based on assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contemplated by these statements. Factors that may cause differences between actual results and those contemplated
by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

our ability to obtain additional funding to develop our product candidates;   

the need to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates;   

the success of our clinical trials through all phases of clinical development;   

compliance with obligations under intellectual property licenses with third parties;   

any delays in regulatory review and approval of product candidates in clinical development;   

our ability to commercialize our product candidates;   

market acceptance of our product candidates;   

competition from existing products or new products that may emerge;   

potential product liability claims;   

our dependency on third-party manufacturers to supply or manufacture our products;   

our ability to establish or maintain collaborations, licensing or other arrangements;   

our ability and third parties  abilities to protect intellectual property rights;   

our ability to adequately support future growth; and   

our ability to attract and retain key personnel to manage our business effectively.   

We undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, including any changes that might result from any facts, events, or circumstances
after the date hereof that may bear upon forward-looking statements. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels
of activity, performance, or achievements. 

Highlights  

We are a preclinical and clinical-stage
pharmaceutical development company organized as a Delaware corporation in July 2015 to focus on the development of anti-cancer
drug candidates. We have three drug development projects. Our lead drug candidate is liposomal Annamycin, which is referred to
as Annamycin, an anthracyline intended for the treatment of relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia, or AML. Annamycin has
been in clinical trials pursuant to an investigational new drug application, or IND, that had been filed with the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration, or FDA. Due to a lack of development activity by a prior drug developer, this IND was terminated, however
we intend to apply for a new IND based on the same data that supported the original IND, updated for subsequent clinical data,
and to commence a Phase II clinical trial for Annamycin. 

We have two other drug development projects
in progress. One of them involves a collection of small molecules we refer to as the WP1066 Portfolio that was obtained via our
merger with Moleculin, LLC ( Moleculin ) and is focused on the modulation of key regulatory transcription factors involved
in the progression of cancer. The other, which we call the WP1122 Portfolio, is a suite of molecules targeting the metabolic processes
involved in cancer in general, and glioblastoma in particular that we acquired from IntertechBio Corporation. Both of these technologies
are licensed on a worldwide exclusive basis from The University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, or MD Anderson. 

Overview  

MBI was founded in 2015 in order to combine
and consolidate the development efforts involving several MD Anderson anti-cancer technologies. This effort began with the acquisition
of the Annamycin development project from AnnaMed, Inc., or AnnaMed, followed by the acquisition of the license rights to the WP1122
Portfolio from IntertechBio Corporation, or IntertechBio. Further, we created a co-development agreement with Houston Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., or HPI, which culminated with the merger of Moleculin and MBI coincident with our initial public offering allowing us to
gain control of the WP1066 Portfolio. 

AnnaMed was formed in 2012 to take over
the development of Annamycin from a prior drug development company, Callisto Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Callisto. Callisto ceased
development work on Annamycin leading to the termination of its IND by the FDA. In order to satisfy unmet license obligations,
Callisto agreed to transfer all available Annamycin data to AnnaMed, which data we will now use to apply for a new IND. 

17   

IntertechBio was formed in 2009 to license
and begin development on the WP1122 Portfolio. In August 2015, IntertechBio agreed to assign all license rights to us in exchange
for our common stock. 

Moleculin was formed in 2006 and has been
working to develop the WP1066 Portfolio it licensed from MD Anderson. On May 2, 2016, Moleculin was merged with and into MBI.
As a result of the merger, we issued the holders of Moleculin equity interests and convertible notes an aggregate of approximately
999,931 shares of our common stock. 

Since Moleculin commenced operations in
2006, substantially all of its efforts have been focused on research, development and the advancement of the WP1066 Portfolio.
Moleculin has not generated any revenue from product sales and, as a result, has incurred significant losses. 

Neither Moleculin nor MBI has manufacturing
facilities and all manufacturing activities are contracted out to third parties. Additionally, Moleculin currently utilizes third-party
clinical research organizations to carry out clinical trials. Neither Moleculin nor MBI have a sales organization. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates  

The financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the
reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or
conditions. 

We believe that the following accounting
policies are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require our
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are
inherently uncertain. 

Research and Development Costs   

We record accrued expenses for estimated
costs of our research and development activities conducted by third-party service providers, which include the conduct of pre-clinical
studies and clinical trials and contract manufacturing activities. We record the estimated costs of research and development activities
based upon the estimated amount of services provided but not yet invoiced, and we include these costs in accrued liabilities in
the balance sheets and within research and development expense in the statement of operations. These costs are a significant component
of our research and development expenses. We record accrued expenses for these costs based on the estimated amount of work completed
and in accordance with agreements established with these third parties. 

We estimate the amount of work completed
through discussions with internal personnel and external service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of the services
and the agreed-upon fee to be paid for such services. We make significant judgments and estimates in determining the accrued balance
in each reporting period. As actual costs become known, we adjust our accrued estimates. Although we do not expect our estimates
to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed, the
number of patients enrolled and the rate of patient enrollment may vary from our estimates and could result in us reporting amounts
that are too high or too low in any particular period. Our accrued expenses are dependent, in part, upon the receipt of timely
and accurate reporting from clinical research organizations and other third-party service providers. To date, there have been no
material differences from our accrued expenses to actual expenses. 

Acquisition   

Our financial statements include the operations
of an acquired business after the completion of the acquisition. We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method
of accounting, which requires, among other things, that most assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their estimated
fair values as of the acquisition date and that the fair value of acquired in-process research and development be recorded on the
balance sheet. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred. Any excess of the consideration transferred over the assigned values
of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, were
determined based on management s best estimates. Preliminary estimated fair values are subject to measurement period adjustments
which represent updates made to the preliminary purchase price allocation based on revisions to valuation estimates in the interim
period subsequent to the acquisition and initial accounting date up until the purchase price allocation is finalized which cannot
be any later than one year from the acquisition date. 

The Company is in the process of obtaining
input from third-parties of its tangible and intangible assets and other information necessary to measure the fair value of the
assets acquired and liabilities assumed; thus the provisional measurements of current assets, property and equipment, intangibles,
and liabilities assumed are subject to change, which could be significant. We will finalize the amounts recognized as we obtain
the information necessary to complete the analysis. We expect to finalize these amounts as soon as possible but no later than one
year from the acquisition date. 

18   

Results of Operations     

The Company was formed in July 2015; therefore
there is no comparative financial information that can be compared to the financial results of the three and six months ended June
30, 2016. The following table sets forth, for the period indicated, data derived from our statement of operations: 

Three Months Ended June 30, 2016  

Research and Development Expense. 
Research and development expense was $104,839 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and mainly represents accrued license fees
to MD Anderson for approximately $39,000 and approximately $33,000 related to MD Anderson sponsored research. We expect to incur
increased research and development costs in the future as our product development activities expand. 

General and Administrative Expense .
 General and administrative expense was $618,001 for
the three months ended June 30, 2016. The expense mainly included professional fees to our consultants, attorneys and accountants
for services related to our becoming a publicly traded company and related filing fees of approximately $225,000. The Company
incurred approximately $211,000 related to investor relations activities, of which approximately $158,000 is related to the grant
of 24,000 common stock shares issued to an investor relations firm for investor relations services. The Company incurred approximately
$63,000 for payroll expense related to three months of our Chief Financial Officer s salary, along with one month each of
our Chief Operating Officer s and Chief Executive Officer s salaries. The Company also incurred approximately $26,000
of travel expenses primarily related to our IPO. Insurance costs of approximately $26,000 were also recognized.   

Interest Expense.  Interest expense
included expense accrued on our convertible promissory notes issued in 2015 and 2016 bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum. 

Six Months Ended June 30, 2016  

Research and Development Expense. 
Research and development expense was $119,839 for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and mainly represents accrued license fees
to MD Anderson for approximately $54,000 and approximately $33,000 related to MD Anderson sponsored research. We expect to incur
increased research and development costs in the future as our product development activities expand. 

General and Administrative Expense. 
General and administrative expense was $923,572 for the six months ended June 30, 2016. The expense mainly
included professional fees to our consultants, attorneys and accountants for services related to our becoming a publicly traded
company and related filing fees of approximately $486,000. The Company incurred approximately $211,000 related to investor relations
activities, of which approximately $158,000 is related to the grant of 24,000 common stock issued to an investor relations firm
for investor relations services. The Company incurred approximately $95,000 for payroll expense related to six months of our Chief
Financial Officer s salary, along with one month (June 2016) of our Chief Operating Officer s and Chief Executive Officer s
salaries. The Company also incurred approximately $29,000 of travel expenses primarily related to our IPO. Insurance costs of approximately
$34,000 were also recognized. 

Interest Expense.  Interest expense
included expense accrued on our convertible promissory notes issued in 2015 and 2016 bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum. 

19   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of June 30, 2016, we had $7,244,684
in cash. During the period from January 1, 2016 through May 2, 2016, we sold 234,296 common shares for $702,888. On May 31, 2016,
we completed our initial public offering, pursuant to which we sold 1,540,026 shares of our common stock at $6.00 per share for
net proceeds of $8,464,183 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and direct offering expenses payable by us. 

We believe that our existing cash and cash
equivalents as of June 30, 2016, including the proceeds received from our common stock issuances, will be sufficient to fund our
planned operations through at least the end of May 2017, which includes the commencement of our planned Phase II registration trial
for Annamycin. 

We do not expect to generate revenue from
product sales unless and until we successfully complete development of, obtain regulatory approval for and begin to commercialize
one or more of our product candidates, which we expect will take a number of years and is subject to significant uncertainty. Accordingly,
we anticipate that we will need to raise additional capital to fund our future operations. Until such time that we can generate
substantial revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operating activities through a combination of equity
offerings and debt financings and we may seek to raise additional capital through strategic collaborations. However, we may be
unable to raise additional funds or enter into such arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all, which would have a
negative impact on our financial condition and could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our development programs or
commercialization efforts or grant to others rights to develop or market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop
and market ourselves. Failure to receive additional funding could cause us to cease operations, in part or in full. Furthermore,
even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital due to favorable
market conditions or strategic considerations. 

The following table sets forth the primary
sources and uses of cash for the period indicated: 

Cash used in operating activities  

Net cash used in operating activities was
$1,645,901 for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and mainly included payments made for payroll, travel, insurance and professional
fees to our consultants, attorneys and accountants for services related to our becoming a publicly traded company and related filing
fees, along with payments made to MD Anderson for license and maintenance fees. Additionally, prepayments were made for directors
and officers insurance. 

Cash provided by investing activities  

Net cash provided by investing activities
was $362 for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and represents the cash amount acquired through the acquisition of Moleculin, LLC. 

Cash provided by financing activities  

Net cash provided by financing activities
was $8,862,132 for the six months ended June 30, 2016. We received $8,464,183 net proceeds from our IPO stock issuance, $702,888
from issuance of common shares at $3 per share, and $165,000 from issuance of convertible notes. Net cash used in financing activities
included approximately $470,000 for payments of notes payable. 

ITEM
3.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

Not required by smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures.   Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer
and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness, as of June 30, 2016, of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
the Exchange Act. Based upon such evaluation, our chief executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded
that, as of June 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information
we are required to disclose in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

20   

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting   . For the period covered
by this report, management determined that a material weakness existed in its internal control over financial reporting, specifically
over accounting for business combinations, that has materially affected, or that is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. Management has engaged an outside firm to assist with such accounting.  

On November 14, 2016, our Audit Committee,
after discussion with management and our independent registered public accountants, determined that our unaudited consolidated
financial statements for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, as reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 15,
2016 should no longer be relied upon due to an error identified therein, and that a restatement of these financial statements
is required. We identified certain non-cash errors due to an error in the accounting for the business combination of Moleculin,
LLC. This amended Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 is being filed to correct such errors. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

For information regarding factors that
could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, refer to the section entitled  Risk Factors 
in our prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) on May 3, 2016 with the SEC, which are incorporated herein by reference. The
risks described in the prospectus are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and/or operating results. Except as updated below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed
in our reports as filed with the SEC. The risk factors below supersede, in its entirety, the risk factors set forth in Item 1A
in our Quarterly Report on form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2016. 

We will require substantial additional
funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and, if not so available, may require us to delay, limit,
reduce or cease our operations.   

We intend to use the proceeds from our
previous offering to advance Annamycin clinical development. Developing pharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical
studies and clinical trials, is expensive. We will require substantial additional future capital in order to complete clinical
development and commercialize Annamycin. If the FDA requires that we perform additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials,
or if we determine, as we did in October 2016, that additional clinical trials are required for Annamycin, our expenses would further
increase beyond what we currently expect and the anticipated timing of any potential approval of Annamycin would likely be delayed.
Further, there can be no assurance that the costs we will need to incur to obtain regulatory approval of Annamycin will not increase. 

We will continue to require substantial
additional capital to continue our clinical development and commercialization activities. Because successful development of our
product candidates is uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual amount of funding we will require to complete research and
development and commercialize our products under development. 

The amount and timing of our future funding
requirements will depend on many factors, including but not limited to: 

whether our updated plan for clinical trials will be completed on a timely basis and, if completed, will be successful in producing
useful clinical data in 2017;   

21   

whether we are successful in obtaining a Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, with the FDA related to Annamycin;   

the progress, costs, results of and timing of our clinical trials for Annamycin;   

the outcome, costs and timing of seeking and obtaining FDA and any other regulatory approvals;   

the progress of our collaborative drug development partners, which is dependent upon their continued access to grant funding;   

the costs associated with securing and establishing commercialization and manufacturing capabilities;   

market acceptance of our product candidates;   

the costs of acquiring, licensing or investing in businesses, products, product candidates and technologies;   

our ability to maintain, expand and enforce the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing
of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense
and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights;   

our need and ability to rely on data to be generated by our sublicensee partner, Dermin;   

our need and ability to rely on data and drug product for clinical trials to be generated by our sublicensee partner, Dermin;   

our need and ability to hire additional management and scientific and medical personnel;   

the effect of competing drug candidates and new product approvals;   

our need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems; and   

the economic and other terms, timing of and success of our existing licensing arrangements and any collaboration, licensing
or other arrangements into which we may enter in the future.   

Some of these factors are outside of our
control. Based upon our currently expected level of operating expenditures, we believe that we will be able to fund our operational
plan through the third quarter of 2017. This period could be shortened if there are any significant increases in planned spending
on development programs or more rapid progress of development programs than anticipated. We do not believe that our existing capital
resources are sufficient to enable us to complete the development and commercialization of Annamycin, if approved, or to initiate
any clinical trials or additional development work needed for any other drug candidates, other than as described above. Accordingly,
we expect that we will need to raise additional funds in the future. In connection with our initial public offering, we agreed
not to issue additional shares of our common stock without our underwriters  consent, which such consent has been obtained.
As such, we may conduct additional offerings of our common stock or common stock equivalents in the future. 

We may seek additional funding through
a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, government or other third-party funding, commercialization, marketing and distribution
arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. Additional funding may not be available
to us on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of
our stockholders. In addition, the issuance of additional shares by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market
price of our shares to decline. 

22   

If we are unable to obtain funding on a
timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail one or more of our research or development programs. We also could be
required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise that may require us to relinquish rights to
some of our technologies or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us 

Our financial condition
would be adversely impacted if our intangible assets become impaired.    

As a result of the accounting for our acquisition
of Moleculin, LLC and the agreement we entered into with Houston Pharmaceuticals, Inc , we have carried on our balance sheet intangible
assets in-process research and development ( IPR D ) of $11,173,293 as of June 30, 2016. Intangibles are tested
for impairment at least annually or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of each segment, and collectively
our company taken as a whole, might exceed its fair value. We have retained a third party valuation firm to provide us with an
initial valuation of these intangible assets; and we expect to receive their final report during the fourth quarter of 2016. 

Intangible assets related to IPR D
are considered indefinite-lived intangible assets and are assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if impairment indicators
exist. If the associated research and development effort is abandoned, the related assets will be written-off and the Company will
record a noncash impairment loss on its statements of operations. For those compounds that reach commercialization, the IPR D
assets will be amortized over their estimated useful lives. 

If after receipt of the foregoing valuation
report we determine that the value of our intangible assets is less than the amounts reflected on our balance sheet, we will be
required to reflect an impairment of our intangible assets in the period in which such determination is made. An impairment of
our intangible assets would result in our recognizing an expense in the amount of the impairment in the relevant period, which
would also result in the reduction of our intangible assets and a corresponding reduction in our stockholders  equity in
the relevant period. As the transactions discussed above were related party transactions and were not conducted on an arm s
length basis, it is possible that the terms were less favorable to us than what we would have received in an arm s length
transaction. We can provide no assurance that the final valuation of our intangible assets will not result in an impairment charge.    

Failure to maintain effective internal
control over our financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could cause our financial reports
to be inaccurate   

We are required pursuant to Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to assess and report
on the effectiveness of those controls. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management
in our internal control over financial reporting. Our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective
as of June 30, 2016, and identified a material weakness in our internal controls over the accounting and reporting for acquisitions.
While management is working to remediate the material weakness, there is no assurance that the changes will remediate the identified
material weakness or that the controls will prevent or detect future material weaknesses. If we are not able to maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting, our financial statements, including related disclosures, may be inaccurate, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

(a) During the three months ended June
30, 2016, we sold 105,463 common shares for $316,389 to certain accredited investors, of which all sales were completed prior to
the IPO. These transactions did not involve any public offering. These shares are subject to the following lock-up agreement, from
and after the later of six months after issuance or 90 days from the effective date of our IPO registration until the one-year
anniversary thereof, (a) the shareholder can sell up to 10% of the purchased shares per month, subject to a maximum sale on any
trading day of 8% of the daily volume of the common stock; (b) if the common stock price is over $7.00 per share for five consecutive
trading days then the shareholder can sell up to 20% of the purchased shares per month, subject to a maximum sale on any trading
day of 10% of the daily volume of the common stock; and (c) if the common stock price is over $12.00 per share then the shareholder
is not restricted from making any sales until such time as the common stock price falls back below $12.00 per share. 

On various dates from August 31, 2015 through
January 19, 2016, each as amended on March 10, 2016, we issued certain 8% unsecured promissory notes in aggregate principal amount
of $615,000 to certain accredited investors. Upon the completion of the IPO, these notes provided that they be automatically converted
into shares of our common stock at their applicable conversion prices, which were $0.1299 with respect to $250,000 in notes and
$0.20 per share with respect to the remaining $365,000, to the extent and provided that no holder of these notes was or will be
permitted to convert such notes to the extent that the holder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99%
of our common stock after such conversion. Due to this 4.99% limitation, the remaining principal and accrued interest amounts of
the effected notes will remain outstanding and will be converted into shares of our common stock at such time as the 4.99% limitation
continues to be met. The IPO was completed on May 31, 2016. On May 31, 2016, pursuant to the conversion feature of the foregoing
notes and with restriction of the 4.99% beneficially owned condition limitation, we issued 1,166,503 common shares in total, reducing
convertible debt principal by $183,356 and accrued interest by $17,699. The remaining convertible debt without consideration of
accrued interest as of June 30, 2016, if converted on June 30, 2016, would result in an additional 2,691,803 common shares to be
issued. See Note 3 of our financial statements for more information regarding the issuance of the notes. 

23   

On June 20, 2016, we agreed to issue 24,000
shares of common stock to an investor relations firm as consideration for services. 

We believe that the issuances were exempt
from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act regarding transactions not involving
a public offering. 

(b) On May 31, 2016, we completed our initial
public offering, which commenced on May 2, 2016, pursuant to which we sold 1,540,026 shares of our common stock at $6.00 per share
with gross proceeds of $9,240,156 and net proceeds of $8,464,183 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering
expenses payable by us. The offer and sale of all of the shares in the offering were registered under the Securities Act pursuant
to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-209323), which was declared effective by the SEC on May 2, 2016. Bonwick
Capital Partners LLC and Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. acted as underwriters for the offering. 

There has been no material change in the
planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on May 3, 2016 pursuant to Rule
424(b). No direct or indirect payments were made by us to any of our directors or officers or their associates, to persons owning
ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates, other than payments in the ordinary course
of business to officers for salaries and those payments disclosed above with regard to the license arrangements with HPI. Pending
the uses described, we intend to invest the net proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments,
certificates of deposit or direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None.    

24   

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

* Filed herewith. 

 (1) The certifications on Exhibit 32 hereto are deemed not  filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such certifications will
not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

25   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

MOLECULIN BIOTECH, INC.    

Date: November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Walter Klemp    

Walter Klemp   

Acting President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Jonathan P. Foster    

Jonathan P. Foster   

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

26   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v453497_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

   OFFICER S CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO   

   SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I, Walter Klemp, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Moleculin Biotech, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  

November 21, 2016 

By:  /s/ Walter Klemp  

Walter Klemp 

Acting Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v453497_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

   OFFICER S CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO   

   SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I, Jonathan P. Foster, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Moleculin Biotech, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  

November 21, 2016 

By: /s/  Jonathan P. Foster  

Jonathan P. Foster 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v453497_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q/A for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 of Moleculin Biotech, Inc. (the  Company ) as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Walter Klemp, Acting Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m or 78o(d)); and  

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 21, 2016 

By: / s/ Walter Klemp  

Walter Klemp 

Acting Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to Moleculin Biotech, Inc. and will be retained by Moleculin Biotech, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v453497_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q/A for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 of Moleculin Biotech, Inc. (the  Company ) as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I,  Jonathan P. Foster, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m or 78o(d)); and  

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 21, 2016 

By:  /s/ Jonathan P. Foster  

Jonathan P. Foster 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to Moleculin Biotech, Inc. and will be retained by Moleculin Biotech, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mbrx-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mbrx-20160630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mbrx-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mbrx-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mbrx-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mbrx-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

