<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-QT_edgar_data_1537917_0001161697-16-001181_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3219027</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>197721</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>231757</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>590004</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1226838</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>839101</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001161697-16-001181.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107193314
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001161697-16-001181
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-QT
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TYME TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001537917
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				453864597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-QT
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-179311
		FILM NUMBER:		161979683

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-205-1603

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLOBAL GROUP ENTERPRISES CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111221

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001161697-16-001181.txt : 20161108

10-QT
 1
 form_10-qt.htm
 FORM 10-QT QUARTERLY TRANSITION REPORT FOR 03-31-2016

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
  FORM 10-Q  
 (Mark One) 
   
  [  ] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   
  For the quarterly period ended:  
   
  OR  
   
  [X] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   
  For the transition period from January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016  
   
  Commission file number:  333-179311  
   
  TYME TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  
    45-3864597  
  
   (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
   IRS Employer Identification No.) 

48 Wall Street   Suite 1100  
  New York, New York 10022  
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
   
  (646) 205-1603  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
  Not Applicable  
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]  No [  ] 
   
 (Note: The registrant is a voluntary filer of reports and has filed during the preceding 12 months all reports it would have been required to file by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act if the registrant had been subject to one of such Sections.) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes [X]  No [  ] 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [  ] 
        Accelerated filer [X] 
  
   Non-accelerated filer [  ] 
        Smaller reporting company [  ] 
  
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes [  ]  No [X] 
   
 As of October 31, 2016, there were 87,677,838 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. (Includes 3,500,000 shares which have been placed into escrow and are subject to surrender for cancellation. See Part II, Item 1 of this report) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  
  
    PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
   Financial Statements 
   1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 
   2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and three months ended March 31, 2015 (unaudited) 
   3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2016 
   4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and three months ended March 31, 2015 (unaudited) 
   5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   6 

Item 2. 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   23 

Item 3. 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   27 

Item 4. 
   Controls and Procedures 
   27 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
   Legal Proceedings 
   28 

Item 1A. 
   Risk Factors 
   29 

Item 2. 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
   29 

Item 3. 
   Defaults upon senior securities 
   29 

Item 4. 
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   29 

Item 5. 
   Other Information 
   29 

Item 6. 
   Exhibits 
   30 

SIGNATURES 
   31 

Introductory Note to this Transition Report:    This transition report is being filed in order to effect a change in fiscal year of the registrant to March 31 of each year from December 31 of each year.  This change was approved by the Board of Directors on October 27, 2016. 
   
 The information in this transition report, excluding Part II, Item 5 herein, reflects information for the transition period January 1, 2016 until March 31, 2016, which period is subsequent to the registrant s last completed fiscal year (December 31, 2015), and such information is being provided in accordance with Rule 15d-10 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
   
 The inclusion within this transition report of audited financial statements as of and for the twelve months ended March 31, 2016 (as set forth in Part II, Item 5) is being provided as supplemental information and is intended to accelerate the Company s ability to qualify for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market under NASDAQ Rule 5110(c). 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
   
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Tyme Technologies, Inc. 
   
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tyme Technologies, Inc. (a Delaware
corporation) and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2016.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 
   
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
   
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Tyme Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
   
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring losses from operation, negative cash flows and an accumulated deficit as of March 31, 2016. These conditions, along with other matters described in Note 1, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
   
 New York, New York 
 November 7, 2016 

- 1 - 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1.  Financial Statements  
   
  Tyme Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

- 2 - 

Tyme Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

- 3 - 

Tyme Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity  
  For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2016  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

- 4 - 

Tyme Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

- 5 - 

Tyme Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
  March 31, 2016  
   
  Note 1. Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation.  
   
 Tyme Technologies, Inc. ( Tyme Tech ) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Tyme Inc. ( Tyme ) and Luminant Biosciences, LLC ( Luminant ) (collectively, the  Company ) have historically operated on a fiscal year ending December 31 of each year.  
   
 On October 27, 2016, the Board of Directors of Tyme Tech approved a change in fiscal year end from December 31 to March 31 of each year. As a result of the change in fiscal year, Tyme Tech has prepared a transition report on Form 10-Q of which these financial statements form a part (the  Transition Report ).  As a result of an audit of the financial statements for the Transition Report, certain adjustments were made to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in the Transition Report compared to what was reported on the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on May 10, 2016.  The Company evaluated the materiality of these adjustments and concluded that they were not material, individually or in the aggregate, to any of the previously issued financial statements.  
   
 The accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, was derived from the Company s audited financial statements included in Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016.  The accompanying consolidated statements of operations and the consolidated statements of cash flows and footnote disclosures for the three months ended March 31, 2015 are unaudited. 
   
 The unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual audited financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of the Company s results of its operations as well as its cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2015. 
   
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of Tyme Tech and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Tyme and Luminant. Luminant conducted the initial research and development of the Company s therapeutic platform. Since January 1, 2014, the majority of the Company s research and development activities and other business efforts have been conducted by Tyme.  All of the Company s patent and patent application rights presently are held by Tyme. 
   
 Tyme Tech was incorporated in the State of Florida on November 22, 2011, to engage in the business of producing, marketing and selling an ultra-premium vodka product to retailers. Management determined to cease the ultra-premium vodka business and attempt to acquire other assets or business operations that would maximize shareholder value. Effective as of September 18, 2014, the Company (then constituting a Florida corporation with the name Global Group Enterprises Corp.) reincorporated in the State of Delaware by merging into its wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary, Tyme Technologies, Inc., which was formed on August 22, 2014 specifically for this purpose (the  Reincorporation ). Tyme Technologies, Inc. was the surviving corporation in such merger. 
   
 On March 5, 2015, Tyme Tech consummated a reverse triangular merger with Tyme (the  Merger ). (See Reverse Triangular Merger below.) The Merger resulted in Tyme becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tyme Tech. Tyme is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of highly targeted cancer therapeutics with a broad range of oncology indications for humans. Tyme was incorporated in Delaware in 2013 and its operations to date have been directed primarily toward developing business strategies, research and development activities and preparing for clinical trials for human oncologic product candidates. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Company s Investigational New Drug Application for its SM-88 drug candidate for breast cancer patients (the  IND ) was accepted by the United States Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ). In June of 2016, the Company initiated a phase Ib/II clinical study for SM-88 use in human prostate cancer patients.  The Company is also evaluating the expansion of its phase II program to other types of cancer, including pancreatic cancer. 
   
  Reverse Triangular Merger  
   
 On March 5, 2015, Tyme Tech consummated a reverse triangular merger whereby a newly formed subsidiary formed specifically for the transaction merged with and into Tyme. The Merger resulted in Tyme becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tyme Tech and the stockholders of Tyme as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, receiving, in the aggregate, common stock of the Company equal to approximately 79% of the total number of shares of Company common stock outstanding immediately following such issuance to such former Tyme stockholders (34,000 shares of Company common stock for every one share of Tyme common stock outstanding as of the closing of the Merger). The Merger resulted in the Company issuing a total of 68,000,000 shares of common stock to the Pre-Merger Tyme stockholders and 12,724,000 shares to the Tyme Tech stockholders as of the date of the Merger. (See Note 7. Stockholders  Equity.) 

- 6 - 

The Merger Agreement contained representations and warranties and pre- and post-closing covenants of each party and customary closing conditions.  Breaches of the representations and warranties under the Merger Agreement are subject to indemnification provisions.  Each of the pre-Merger Tyme stockholders initially received in the Merger 95% of the shares to which each such stockholder was entitled under the terms of the Merger Agreement, with the remaining 5% of such shares being held in escrow for two years to satisfy post-closing claims for indemnification by the Company ( Indemnity Shares ), pursuant to an Indemnification Shares Escrow Agreement. Any of the Indemnity Shares remaining in escrow at the end of such two-year period shall be distributed to the pre-Merger Tyme stockholders on a  pro rata  basis. 
   
 Contemporaneous with the closing of the Merger, among other matters, the Company completed a private placement offering (the  PPO ) of 2,716,000 shares of Company common stock (the  PPO Shares ) for gross proceeds of $6,790,000 (of which, $4,264,000 was tendered in cash and the remaining subscription price paid by the delivery of a three-month promissory note in the principal amount of $2,500,000 ( PPO Note ). In addition, a Tyme convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $2,310,000 (the  Bridge Note ) was converted into 2,310,000 shares (the  Bridge Note Shares ) of Company common stock. The foregoing aggregate 79% ownership of the post-Merger Company by the former Tyme stockholders was calculated giving effect to the issuances of Company common stock in the PPO, the conversion of the Bridge Note and surrender of stock for cancellation by certain stockholders of the Pre-Merger Company. The purchaser of the PPO Shares and party receiving the Bridge Shares upon conversion of the Bridge Note were granted certain registration rights with respect to such shares (such shares being collectively referred to as the PPO/Bridge Note Conversion Registrable Shares ). The PPO Note was originally secured by the escrow of 5,000,000 shares of Company common stock pursuant to a Subscription Note Shares Escrow Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2015 (the  Subscription Note Escrow Agreement ). As originally provided in the Subscription Note Escrow Agreement, to the extent that the PPO Note was not paid at or prior to its maturity date of June 5, 2015, the escrowed shares would be forfeited for cancellation at the rate of one share for every $0.50 of PPO Note principal not paid. The Company received a payment of $1,250,000 in June 2015 and the maturity date on the remaining principal amount of the PPO Note was extended to July 6, 2015 pursuant to an Omnibus Amendment, dated as of June 5, 2015 (the  First Omnibus Amendment ). The Company entered into a Second Omnibus Amendment as of July 23, 2015 (the  Second Omnibus Amendment ), pursuant to which the terms of certain agreements entered into in connection with the Merger were modified and amended. Under the Second Omnibus Amendment, (x) the Company agreed to the extension of the maturity date of the remaining $1,250,000 outstanding amount due under the PPO Note to a date  five business days following the Company providing the maker of the PPO Note of written evidence that an Investigational New Drug Application for the Company s SM-88 drug candidate has been submitted by the Company to the FDA, (y) the holder of all of the PPO/Bridge Note Conversion Registrable Shares irrevocably waived any liquidated damages with respect to the date of filing or the effective date of the registration statement contemplated by a Registration Rights Agreement entered into in connection with the consummation of the Merger and PPO and (z) the amount of shares that the former-Tyme stockholders may include in such registration statement was increased to 15% of the total number of shares such stockholders received in connection with the Merger. 
   
 At the point of Merger and since inception, Tyme Tech was essentially a  public reporting shell  with no substantive business operations. As such, Tyme Tech had no revenues and operating profits that require separate identification. 
   
 The Merger established a public forum for the Company. Subject to executing on the Company s goals, management envisages that the public forum may help the Company secure necessary future funding in the public markets as the Company further develops its business as a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical enterprise focused on the development and commercialization of highly targeted cancer therapeutics for humans with a broad range of oncology indications. 
   
 The transaction costs associated with the Merger relate to professional fees incurred in respect of legal, investor relations, accounting and audit. All such transaction costs total approximately $1,000,000 and are included in general and administrative expense for the three months ended March 31, 2015. 
   
 For accounting purposes, the acquisition of Tyme by Tyme Tech was considered a reverse acquisition, an acquisition transaction where the acquired company, Tyme, is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, notwithstanding the form of the transaction. The primary reason the transaction was treated as a purchase by Tyme rather than a purchase by Tyme Tech was because Tyme Tech was a public reporting shell company with limited operations and Tyme s stockholders gained majority control of the outstanding voting power of the Company s equity securities through their collective ownership of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company common stock. Consequently, reverse acquisition accounting has been applied to the transaction. 

- 7 - 

In conjunction with the reverse acquisition, Tyme Tech changed its fiscal year-end from November 30 to December 31, the historical fiscal year-end of Tyme. The capital structure, including the number and type of shares issued appearing in the consolidated balance sheets for the periods presented, reflects that of the legal parent or accounting acquiree, Tyme Tech, including the shares issued to effect the reverse acquisition after the Merger and the capital structure of Tyme modified by the 34,000-for-1 exchange ratio in the Merger for the periods prior to the consummation of the Merger. As a result of the Merger and its accounting treatment as a reverse acquisition, stockholders  equity has been retrospectively adjusted as of the earliest period presented in these consolidated financial statements.   There was no change to total stockholders  equity (deficit) as a result of the Merger. 
   
  Going Concern  
   
 The Company has incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception (July 26, 2013) and has an accumulated deficit of $18,655,307 as of March 31, 2016. The Company anticipates incurring additional losses until such time, if ever, that it can generate significant revenues from its products currently in development. The Company s primary sources of liquidity to date have been the issuance of common stock, convertible promissory notes and contributed capital by its founders. Substantial additional financing will be needed by the Company to fund its operations and to seek applicable FDA and foreign governmental authorization to commercially market its product candidates. There is no assurance that such financing will be available when needed or on acceptable terms. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
   
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
   
 Management is evaluating different strategies to obtain the required additional funding for future operations. These strategies may include, but are not limited to, additional funding from current or new investors, officers and directors; borrowings of debt; public or private offerings of the Company s equity or debt securities; partnerships and/or collaborations. There can be no assurance that any of these future-funding efforts will be successful. 
   
 The Company is subject to those risks associated with any specialty pharmaceutical company that has substantial expenditures for research and development. There can be no assurance that the Company s research and development projects will be successful, that products developed will obtain necessary regulatory approval or that any approved product will be commercially viable. In addition, the Company operates in an environment of rapid technological change and is largely dependent on the services of its employees and consultants, as well as third party contractors. 
   
  Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.  
   
  Basis of Presentation  
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).  Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) and Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ). 
   
  Significant Accounting Policies  
   
  Principles of Consolidation  
   
 The Company s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Tyme Tech and its subsidiaries, Tyme and Luminant. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  Use of Estimates  
   
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimation include the fair value of the Company underlying the conversion feature of the senior secured bridge notes, derivative value associated with the price protection feature of shares of Company common stock issued in connection with the PPO and Bridge Note conversion and stock-based compensation. Actual results could differ from such estimates. 

- 8 - 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
 The Company considers all highly-liquid investments that have maturities of three months or less when acquired to be cash equivalents. The Company s cash and cash equivalents consisted of $6,105,309 at March 31, 2016 and $4,446,284 at December 31, 2015, deposited in three checking accounts at one financial institution. 
   
  Concentration of Credit Risk  
   
 Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash. Cash is deposited with major banks and, at times, such balances with any one financial institution may be in excess of FDIC insurance limits. The Company exceeded the FDIC limit of $250,000 by approximately $5,855,309 at March 31, 2016 and $4,196,284 at December 31, 2015. Although the Company has exceeded the federally insured limit, it has not incurred losses related to these deposits. Management monitors the Company s accounts with these institutions to minimize credit risk. 
   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
   
 The carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, including cash, accounts payable and other current liabilities approximates fair value given their short-term nature.  
   
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 
   
 Fair value should be based on the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability and is based on a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the information used to develop those assumptions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (observable inputs) and the lowest priority to the Company s assumptions (unobservable inputs). Fair value measurements should be disclosed separately by level within the fair value hierarchy. For assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, it is the Company s policy to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements, in accordance with established fair value hierarchy. 
   
 Fair value measurements for assets and liabilities where there exists limited or no observable market data are based primarily upon estimates, and often are calculated based on the economic and competitive environment, the characteristics of the asset or liability and other factors. Therefore, the results cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement of the asset or liability. Additionally, there may be inherent weaknesses in any calculation technique, and changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, could significantly affect the results of current or future values. 
   
 Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as assets held for sale and certain other assets. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 
   
 Fair value guidance establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  

Level 3 valuations are for instruments that are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions and may be adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, with such adjustment generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management s best estimate is used. The Company s derivative liability is classified as a Level 3 instrument. (See Note 6. Debt.) 

- 9 - 

An adjustment to the pricing method used within either Level 1 or Level 2 inputs could generate a fair value measurement that effectively falls in a lower level in the hierarchy. The Company had no assets or liabilities classified as Level 1 or Level 2 for the three months ended March 31, 2016 or 2015 and there were no material re-measurements of fair value with respect to financial assets and liabilities, during those periods, other than those assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in any of the periods reported.  
   
  Prepaid Assets  
   
 Prepaid assets represent expenditures made in advance of when the economic benefit of the cost will be realized, and which will be expensed in future periods with the passage of time or when a triggering event occurs. 
   
  Property and Equipment, Net  
   
 Property and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The Company estimates a life of five to seven years for equipment and furniture and fixtures. Upon sale or retirement, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is included in operating expenses. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 
   
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  
   
 The Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived assets, which include fixed assets, whenever significant events or changes in circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. If indicators of impairment exist, projected future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset are compared to its carrying amount to determine whether the asset s value is recoverable. Any resulting impairment is recorded as a reduction in the carrying value of the related asset in excess of fair value and a charge to operating results. For the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company determined that there were no triggering events requiring an impairment analysis. 
   
  Research and Development  
   
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are primarily comprised of, but not limited to, external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as contract research organizations ( CROs ), contract manufacturing organizations ( CMOs ) and consultants that conduct clinical and preclinical studies, costs associated with preclinical and development activities, costs associated with regulatory operations, depreciation expense for assets used in research and development activities and employee related expenses, including salaries and benefits for research and development personnel. Costs for certain development activities, such as clinical studies, are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as patient enrollment, clinical site activations or information provided to the Company by its vendors on their actual costs incurred. Payments for these activities are based on the terms of the individual arrangements, which may differ from the patterns of costs incurred, and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements as prepaid or accrued expense, which are reported in prepaid assets or accounts payable and other current liabilities. 
   
  Income Taxes  
   
 The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, the Company determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
   
 The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that it believes that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If the Company determines that it would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, the Company would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 

- 10 - 

The Company records uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in which (1) the Company determines whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 
   
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included on the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company did not record any penalties or interest related to uncertain tax positions for the three months ended March 31, 2016 or 2015. 
   
 The Company files income tax returns in the United States, and various state jurisdictions. The tax years which currently remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions are for the period January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016, the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for the period July 26, 2013 to December 31, 2013. 
   
  Segment Information  
   
 Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company views their operations and manages their business in one segment. 
   
  Derivative Liabilities  
   
 Accounting standards require presentation of derivative liabilities at fair value. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any change in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as other income or expense. 
   
  Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share  
   
 The Company calculates net loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earning per Share. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of Company common stock outstanding for the period, and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock equivalents outstanding for the period. At March 31, 2016 and 2015, the calculation excludes any potential dilutive common shares and any equivalents as they would have been anti-dilutive as the Company had losses for the periods then ended. 
   
  Stock-based Compensation  
   
 The Company follows the authoritative guidance for accounting for stock-based compensation in ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation.  The guidance requires that stock-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements based on their fair value at the grant date and recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period as services are being provided. (See Note 10. Equity Incentive Plan.)  
   
 The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The use of the Black-Scholes option pricing model requires management to make assumptions with respect to the expected term of the option, the expected volatility of the common stock consistent with the expected term of the option, risk-free interest rates, the value of the common stock and expected dividend yield of the common stock. For awards subject to time-based vesting conditions, the Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value of stock options on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting term. Forfeitures are required to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
   
 The Company accounts for stock-based awards issued to non-employees in accordance with ASC Topic 505-50  Equity-Based Payment to Non-Employees  and accordingly the value of the stock compensation to non-employees is measured on the earlier of: a) the performance commitment date, or b) the date the services required under the arrangement have been completed. 

- 11 - 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update or ASU, 2016-15 , Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ), which amended the existing accounting standards for the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on eight classification issues related to the statement of cash flows. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. For issues that are impracticable to apply retrospectively, the amendments may be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently in the process of assessing the impact of ASU 2016-15 on its statement of cash flows. 
   
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses  ( ASU 2016-13 ), which introduces a new model for recognizing credit losses on financial instruments based on an estimate of current expected credit losses.  ASU 2016-13 will apply to (1) loans, accounts receivable, trade receivables, and other financial assets measured at amortized cost, (2) loan commitments and other off-balance sheet credit exposures, (3) debt securities and other financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, and (4) beneficial interests in securitized financial assets.  ASU 2016-13 will be effective in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 including interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Company is currently in the process of assessing the impact of ASU 2016-13 on the Company s financial statements and related disclosures.   
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ), which provides for simplification of certain aspects of employee share-based payment accounting including income taxes, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, accounting for forfeitures and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2017 and will be applied either prospectively, retrospectively or using a modified retrospective transition approach depending on the area covered in this update. The Company is currently in the process of assessing the impact of ASU 2016-09 on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
   
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10), Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-1 ), which addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 will be effective for the Company for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is not permitted. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740).   The amendments in this update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.  The Company did not retrospectively adjust the prior periods within the Balance Sheet.  The early adoption ASU 2015-17 did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity. The reason for the change is to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. 
   
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,  which provides guidance on determining when and how reporting entities must disclose going-concern uncertainties in their financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date of issuance of the entity s financial statements (or within one year after the date on which the financial statements are available to be issued, when applicable). Further, an entity must provide certain disclosures if there is  substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.  This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements, other than potentially on the footnote disclosures. 

- 12 - 

Note 3. Net Loss Per Common Share  
   
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per common share for the periods indicated (in thousands, except share and per share data): 

There are 3,500,000 shares in escrow, subject to cancellation, that have not been included in basic weighted average common shares outstanding for the three months ended March 31, 2016. 
   
 The following outstanding securities at March 31, 2016 and 2015 have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as they would have been anti-dilutive: 

Note 4. Property and Equipment, Net.  
   
 Property and equipment, net consisted of the following: 

Depreciation expense was $1,062 and $1,074 for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
   
  Note 5. Accounts Payable and Other Current Liabilities.   
   
 Accounts payable and other current liabilities consisted of the following: 

- 13 - 

Note 6. Debt.  
   
  Insurance Note Payable  
   
 The Company entered into an agreement to finance director and officer insurance premiums totaling $232,100 for the policy year ending in March 2017.  The Company made a payment of $65,000 in April 2016 and, thereafter, payments will be made in eight equal installments of $21,274, inclusive of interest accruing at 3.99%.  The balance will be paid in full prior to December 31, 2016, therefore the amount financed is included as part of current liabilities on the balance sheet. 
   
 As of March 31, 2016, the Company has a prepaid asset associated with the financing of insurance premiums of $224,470 included as part of current assets for the policy year ending in March 2017.  This amount is equal to the total premiums of $232,100 offset by expense recognized for the covered period in March 2016 of $7,630. 
   
  Bridge Notes Payable  
   
 On July 11, 2014, Tyme received $1,100,000 in proceeds from the issuance of a convertible promissory note (the  Bridge Note ) from an affiliate of GEM Global Yield Fund, LLC SCS ( GEM ). The Bridge Note bears interest at a rate of 10% per year, maturing fifteen months from the date of issue and was secured by all assets of Tyme. The Bridge Note was mandatorily convertible into Company common stock upon the closing of the PPO. To secure certain obligations relating to the Bridge Note and the then proposed merger, Tyme issued in the name of the purchaser of the Bridge Note but placed into escrow shares of Company common stock. These shares were not deemed outstanding, but would either be delivered to the Bridge Note purchaser or returned to Tyme for cancellation pursuant to the terms of a Termination Shares Escrow Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2014, among Tyme, the purchaser of the Bridge Note and the escrow agent.  Subsequently, such escrow concerning the Bridge Note was terminated in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Termination Shares Escrow Agreement, those shares of Company common stock were released by the escrow agent to the Company, and the Company then cancelled those shares of common stock. 
   
 On November 24, 2014, the purchaser of the Bridge Note loaned Tyme an additional $250,000. In connection with the funding of such loan, the Bridge Note was amended and restated to reflect a principal amount of $1,350,000. 
   
 On January 15, 2015, the purchaser of the Bridge Note loaned Tyme a further $960,000. In connection with the funding of such further loan, the Bridge Note was amended and restated to reflect a principal amount of $2,310,000. On March 5, 2015, the Bridge Note was further amended and restated to the effect that the mandatory conversion feature was amended to a set fixed conversion amount such that, upon mandatory conversion, the Bridge Note purchaser would receive one share of Company common stock (each, a  Bridge Note Conversion Share ) for each $1.00 of principal of the Bridge Note outstanding as of the date of the mandatory conversion. The Company evaluated the modification to the conversion rate as an inducement to convert the Bridge Note and concluded that it provided the purchaser of the Bridge Note an incremental value of $3,465,000, which is included as interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2015. 
   
 The investor in the PPO and the Bridge Note holder has been granted anti-dilution protection with respect to the PPO Shares and Bridge Note Conversion Shares such that, if within two years after the closing of the Merger, the Company shall issue additional shares of Company common stock or common stock equivalents, for a consideration per share less than $0.50 per share (the  Lower Price ), each such investor and holder will be entitled to receive from the Company additional shares ( Lower Price Shares ) of Company common stock in an amount such that, when added to the number of shares initially purchased by such investor or received upon conversion of the Bridge Note, will equal the number of shares that such investor s PPO subscription amount would have purchased or the Bridge Note holder would have received upon conversion of the Bridge Note at the Lower Price. GEM was the sole investor in the PPO and designee of the Bridge Note holder who received the Bridge Note Conversion Shares. 
   
 The Company has determined that this anti-dilution protection is a freestanding financial instrument that will be carried as a liability at fair value. At the time of the merger, in the quarter ended March 31, 2015, management measured this derivative at fair value and recognized a derivative liability of $376,300 on the consolidated balance sheet, with the offset recorded against additional paid-in capital. The derivative is valued primarily using models based on unobservable inputs that represent management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the liability at the measurement date and thus are classified as Level 3. The model incorporates various assumptions related to the Company s stock price and ascribes a probability based on management s expectation that such assumptions would occur. Changes in the fair values of the derivative are recognized in earnings in the current period. As of December 31, 2015, the Company determined that the likelihood of the anti-dilution provisions being met was remote based on the Company s current stock price and the length of time remaining until maturity, and therefore, the anti-dilution protection had no value. As of March 31, 2016, the Company continues to believe the likelihood of the anti-dilution provisions being met is remote.  

- 14 - 

The Company recorded interest expense of $0 and $38,301 during the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 on the Bridge Note. The aggregate outstanding principal and accrued interest balance at March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $0 and $0, respectively. 
   
  Note 7. Stockholders  Equity.  
   
  Preferred Stock  
   
 The Company is authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, each with a par value of $0.0001. Shares of Company preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series and/or classes, each of which will have such distinctive designation or title as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors prior to the issuance of any shares of such series or class. The Company preferred stock will have such voting powers, full or limited or no voting powers and such preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in such resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series or class of Company preferred stock as may be adopted from time to time by the Company s board of directors prior to the issuance of any shares thereof. No shares of Company preferred stock are currently issued or outstanding and the Company s board of directors has not designated any class or series of Company preferred stock for use in the future. 
   
  Common Stock  
   
  Authorized, Issued and Outstanding  
   
 The Company is authorized to issue 300,000,000 shares of common stock, each with a par value of $0.0001, of which 87,611,370 shares were issued and outstanding at March 31, 2016 and 86,836,370 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015. 
   
  Voting  
   
 Each holder of Company common stock is entitled to one vote for each share thereof held by such holder at all meetings of stockholders (and written action in lieu of meetings). The number of authorized shares of Company common stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of majority of the combined number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company. 
   
  Dividends  
   
 Dividends may be declared and paid on the Company common stock from funds lawfully available therefore, as and when determined by the board of directors. 
   
  Liquidation  
   
 In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, holders of Company common stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders. 
   
  Escrow shares  
   
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company would have been required to issue 1,333,333 shares of Company common stock to the Pre-Merger Company stockholders in the event that the Company conducted an offering of at least $20,000,000 at a pre-money Company valuation between $200,000,000 and $400,000,000 with such offering proceeds placed in escrow on or before the date which was five months following the consummation of the Merger. As this offering did not occur, these 1,333,333 shares were not issued. The Merger Agreement further provided that, if the pre-money valuation on which the raised funds were placed into escrow was less than $200,000,000, or if no money was raised within such five month period, up to 3,500,000 shares of Company common stock were required to be surrendered for cancellation. Such 3,500,000 shares were placed into escrow pursuant to an Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement entered into at the time of Merger Closing (the  Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement ). The date on which the offering funds were required to be placed into escrow was extended under the terms of the Second Omnibus Amendment to November 5, 2015. No offering was consummated, nor were any offering funds placed into escrow. On November 10, 2015, the Company advised the escrow agent of such facts and demanded the surrender for cancellation of the 3,500,000 shares placed into escrow under the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement. Under the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement, the depositor of such escrowed shares had until November 18, 2015 to challenge the Company s demand for surrender of the Escrowed Shares. 

- 15 - 

On November 17, 2015, the Company received notice from the depositor of such 3,500,000 shares disputing the grounds for the surrender for cancellation of those shares. Until resolved by court order or otherwise, the 3,500,000 shares shall remain in escrow.  On January 19, 2016, the Company filed a complaint against the depositor with the Commercial Division of the Supreme Court of New York, New York and on April 1, 2016, the Company filed an amended complaint, which asserts causes of actions for (i) a declaratory judgment declaring that the relevant contracts require the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares to be released to the Company; (ii) breach of contract for failure to deliver the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares to the Company; (iii) conversion for the depositors willful and malicious interference with the Company s rights to the Adjustment Shares; and (iv) replevin for the escrow agent s refusal to surrender the escrowed Adjustment Shares to the Company. 
   
 On June 20, 2016, the depositor filed their answer and asserted two counterclaims. The first counterclaim alleges that the Company purportedly breached its obligation to allow the depositor to provide additional financing by refusing to allow the depositor to purchase 17,200,000 shares at a price of $1.1626 per share.  The depositor alleges that it was damaged by at least $144,000,000 based upon the differential between the depositor s proposed share purchase price and the then-current market value of the Company s Common stock. The depositor s second counterclaim alleges that the Company purportedly breached its fiduciary duties to the depositor as a stockholder of the Company, by rejecting the depositor s proposed financing described above. The Company believes the depositor s counterclaims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend these claims and seek the return of the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares in accordance with the terms set out in the Merger Agreement and the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement. The Company moved to dismiss the counterclaims on August 10, 2016, the depositor filed its opposition on September 21, 2016 and the Company filed its reply memorandum of law on October 28, 2016. 
   
  Registration Rights Agreement  
   
 In connection with the PPO, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the purchaser in the PPO and the holder of the Bridge Note, pursuant to which the Company agreed to promptly, but no later than 90 days following the maturity date of the PPO Note (such maturity date initially being 90 calendar days after the closing of the PPO), file a registration statement with the SEC (the  Registration Statement ) covering (a) all of the PPO Shares issued in the PPO, (b) the Bridge Note Conversion Shares issued upon conversion of the Bridge Note, (c) the Lower Price Shares, if any, and (d) any shares of the Company common stock issued or issuable with respect to the PPO Shares, Conversion Shares and Lower Price Shares upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event. The Merger Agreement provided that the Registration Statement may also cover 9% of the total number of shares issued to the former stockholders of Tyme in connection with the Merger. The required filing date of the Registration Statement to avoid the imposition of liquidated damages was extended by an additional 31 days pursuant to the First Omnibus Amendment. 
   
 The Registration Rights Agreement was further modified by the Second Omnibus Amendment to the effect of (x) the holder of all of the PPO/Bridge Note Conversion Registrable Shares agreeing to irrevocably waive any right to damages for the late filing and/or effectiveness of the registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (y) the total number of shares that can be registered by the former Tyme stockholders was increased to 15% of the total number of shares issued to them in connection with the Merger. 
   
  Securities Purchase Agreements  
   
 On February 2, 2016, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, for the aggregate consideration of $3,100,000, before deducting offering costs of $67,718, the Company sold and issued in a private placement an aggregate of: (i) 775,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and (ii) 461,384 common stock purchase warrants.  Each Warrant entitles its holder to purchase one share of common stock at an initial exercise price of $5.00 at any time during the period commencing on February 2, 2016 and terminating on the tenth anniversary of such date.  No registration rights were granted to the purchasers of these shares or warrants. The warrants are included within additional paid-in capital on the statement of stockholders  equity and will not be subject to remeasurement. 
   
  Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies.  
   
  Contract Service Providers  
   
 In the course of the Company s normal business operations, it enters into agreements and arrangements with contract service providers to assist in the performance of its research and development and clinical research activities. Substantially all of these agreements and arrangements are on an as needed basis. 

- 16 - 

Employment Agreement  
   
 On March 5, 2015, the Company entered into employment agreements with its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Under these agreements, each of such two executive officers will be entitled to an annual base salary of $450,000 and such performance bonuses as the Company s board of directors may determine, from time to time, in its sole discretion. The base salaries will be reviewed annually (commencing in 2016) by the Company s board of directors; provided that the base salaries may not be decreased from their then current levels due to any board review. The employment agreements each have a term of five years; provided, however, that, commencing on the first anniversary of the dates of the agreements and on each anniversary thereafter, the term shall automatically be extended by one year, such that, at any time during the term of the agreement, the remaining employment term shall never be less than four years and one day. If employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the executive for Good Reason, the executive will be entitled to receive (i) base salary as in effect at the time of such termination to the extent such amount has accrued through the termination date and remains unpaid, (ii) any fully earned and declared but unpaid performance bonus as of the termination date, (iii) an amount equal to the sum of base salary the executive would have received from the date of such termination through the then applicable expiration date, which shall be payable in the same amounts and at the same intervals as if the employment period had not ended and (iv) any unpaid expenses as of the termination date. If the employment is terminated for  Cause,  or in the case of the executive s death or disability, the executive will only be entitled to his base salary through the termination date, plus any accrued and unpaid performance bonus as of the termination date. 
   
 The Company entered into a new employment arrangement, set forth in a letter agreement, dated as of January 27, 2016, with its Chief Financial Officer. The new employment arrangement supersedes the prior letter agreement with the officer which was dated as of May 15, 2015. As part of the new employment agreement, as of March 31, 2016, the officer was granted a five year option to purchase up to 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a per share purchase price of $11.00, the closing price of the common stock on the date of the new agreement. One-half of the shares subject to such option vested immediately upon grant and the remaining 100,000 shares subject to the option will vest on July 27, 2016, provided that the officer is still employed by the Company on said vesting date. Pursuant to a prior agreement, the officer also was granted a five-year option to purchase 150,000 shares of Company common stock at $7.75 per share. The option vested with respect to 75,000 shares on November 15, 2015 and the remaining 75,000 shares will vest on May 15, 2016. Vesting is dependent upon the new officer being in the Company s employment on the applicable vesting date. (See Note 10. Equity Incentive Plan   Stock Options and Note 12. Subsequent Events   Stock Option Grants).  The option granted to the officer under the prior agreement has not been terminated and remains exercisable in accordance with its terms. 
   
  Legal Proceedings  
   
 Other than discussed below, the Company is not involved in any legal proceeding that it expects to have a material effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
 As described in Note 7. Stockholders  Equity, the Merger Agreement further provided that, if the pre-money valuation on which the raised funds were placed into escrow was less than $200,000,000, or if no money was raised within such five month period, up to 3,500,000 shares of Company common stock were required to be surrendered for cancellation. Such 3,500,000 shares were placed into escrow pursuant to an Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement entered into at the time of Merger Closing (the  Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement ). The date on which the offering funds were required to be placed into escrow was extended under the terms of the Second Omnibus Amendment to November 5, 2015. No offering was consummated, nor were any offering funds placed into escrow by November 5, 2015. On November 10, 2015, the Company advised the escrow agent of such facts and demanded the surrender for cancellation of the 3,500,000 shares placed into escrow under the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement. Under the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement, the depositor of such escrowed shares had until November 18, 2015 to challenge the Company s demand for surrender of the Escrowed Shares.  
   
 On November 17, 2015, the Company received notice from the depositor of such 3,500,000 shares disputing the grounds for the surrender for cancellation of those shares. Until resolved, by court order or otherwise, the 3,500,000 shares shall remain in escrow. 
   
 On January 19, 2016, the Company filed a complaint against the depositor with the Commercial Division of the Supreme Court of New York, New York and on April 1, 2016, the Company filed an amended complaint, which asserts causes of actions for (i) a declaratory judgment declaring that the relevant contracts require the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares to be released to the Company; (ii) breach of contract for failure to deliver the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares to the Company; (iii) conversion for the depositors willful and malicious interference with the Company s rights to the Adjustment Shares; and (iv) replevin for the escrow agent s refusal to surrender the escrowed Adjustment Shares to the Company. 

- 17 - 

On June 20, 2016, the depositor filed their answer and asserted two counterclaims. The first counterclaim alleges that the Company purportedly breached its obligation to allow the depositor to provide additional financing by refusing to allow the depositor to purchase 17,200,000 shares at a price of $1.1626 per share.  The depositor alleges that it was damaged by at least $144,000,000 based upon the differential between the depositor s proposed share purchase price and the then-current market value of the Company s Common stock. The depositor s second counterclaim alleges that the Company purportedly breached its fiduciary duties to the depositor as a stockholder of the Company, by rejecting the depositor s proposed financing described above. The Company believes the depositor s counterclaims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend these claims and seek the return of the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares in accordance with the terms set out in the Merger Agreement and the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement. The Company moved to dismiss the counterclaims on August 10, 2016, the depositor filed its opposition on September 21, 2016 and the Company filed its reply memorandum of law on October 28, 2016. 
   
  Note 9. Related Party Transactions.  
   
  Due from Stockholders/Members  
   
 Effective as of the consummation of and in anticipation of the Merger, the non-interest bearing advances made to such stockholders/members was settled by the bonus compensation payments of $342,250 payable to such stockholders being retained by the Company in lieu of payment. The balance of $13,516 was settled during March 2015 by personal reimbursement made by the stockholders to the Company. 
   
  Sale of Excess Ingredient Materials  
   
 During the three months ending March 31, 2016, Steve Hoffman, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, purchased excess ingredient materials from the Company for a cost of $170,000, which was the pro rata cost of obtaining the items. The income from this was recorded as an offset to Research and Development expense on the consolidated statements of operations, where the cost of such materials was originally recorded. 
   
  Note 10. Equity Incentive Plan.  
   
 On March 5, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors adopted and the Company s stockholders approved, the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ). A reserve of 10,000,000 shares of Company common stock has been established for issuance under the 2015 Plan. No more than an aggregate of 3,333,333 shares of common stock may be awarded during the twelve months following the 2015 Plan adoption. Awards under the 2015 Plan may include, but need not be limited to, one or more of the following: options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, performance grants, stock bonuses, and any other type of award deemed by the administrator to be consistent with the purposes of the 2015 Plan. The exercise price of all options awarded under the 2015 Plan must be no less than 100% of the fair market value of the Company common stock on the date of the grant and have a term of no greater than ten years from the date of grant. As of March 31, 2016, there were 9,613,630 shares available for grant under the 2015 Plan. 
   
  Stock Options  
   
 As of March 31, 2016, there was $544,232 of total unrecognized compensation related to non-vested stock options. The cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining period of the options which are expected to vest through 2016. 
   
 During the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, $1,137,435 and $0, respectively, has been recognized as stock based compensation in general and administrative expense. 
   
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options granted. In accordance with ASC 718 for employees, the compensation expense is amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which approximates the vesting period.   
   
 The expected volatility of options granted has been determined using the method described under ASC 718 using the expected volatility of similar companies. The expected term of options granted to employees in the current fiscal period has been based on the contractual term of the agreement as prescribed by ASC 718 Share-Based Payment. 

- 18 - 

The assumptions utilized to determine such values are presented in the following table: 

The following is a summary of the status of the Company s stock options as of March 31, 2016: 

The intrinsic value is calculated as the excess of the market value of March 31, 2016 over the exercise price of the options. The market value as of March 31, 2016 was $6.05 as reported by the OTC Market, Inc. which is less than the respective exercise prices of the options and therefore no intrinsic value is included in the above table. 
   
  Stock Grants  
   
 On March 10, 2015, the Company adopted an independent director compensation policy and also adopted a compensation policy with respect to a special advisor to the Company s board of directors. Under such independent director compensation policy, each of those directors meeting the NASDAQ stock market definition of independent director is entitled to receive annual compensation in the amount of $100,000, one-half to be paid in cash on a quarterly basis, in arrears, and the remaining one-half of the compensation to be paid in the form of Company common stock on a quarterly basis, in arrears, with the shares valued at the closing sale price of the Company common stock on the last trading day of the applicable quarterly period. The special advisor is being compensated in the same manner as the independent directors. Effective as of September 30, 2015, the Company established a Scientific and Medical Advisory Board, and five individuals were appointed as members of such advisory board and a compensation policy for the advisory board s members, substantially identical to the compensation policy for the Company s independent directors, was adopted.  At the end of 2015, one member of the Scientific and Medical Advisory Board became a full time employee of the Company and is no longer compensated as a member of the advisory board. 
   
 The Company issued to its three independent directors and special advisor an aggregate of 7,248 shares of Company common stock as compensation for the three months ended March 31, 2015.  The shares were valued using the $6.90 closing sale price of the Company common stock on the last trading day of the quarter ended March 31, 2015. Total stock compensation expense related to these stock grants was $50,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2015. 

- 19 - 

No shares of Company common stock were issued to its three independent directors, special advisor and advisory board members as compensation for the three months ended March 31, 2016, however, the Company has accrued additional compensation expense totaling $100,000 for the shares to be granted in accordance with the compensation policy. These shares were issued on April 1, 2016. A total of $337,500 of compensation payable to the Board of Directors and Scientific Advisory Board was recorded in accrued liabilities as of March 31, 2016. 
   
  Note 11. Income Taxes.  
   
 The Company provides for income taxes under ASC 740. Under ASC 740, the liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. 
   
 The Company has not recorded a current or deferred income tax expense or benefit since its inception. 
   
 The Company s loss before income taxes was $2,751,127 and $5,601,438 for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was generated entirely in the United States. 
   
 Deferred taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. The significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets are comprised of the following: 

The Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Based on the Company s history of operating losses since inception, the Company has concluded that it is more likely than not that the benefit of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of March 31, 2016 and 2015. The valuation allowance increased by $3,104,657 for the period ended March 31, 2016 due primarily to the generation of net operating losses during the period and filing in additional jurisdictions. 
   
 A reconciliation of income tax benefit computed at the statutory federal income tax rate to income taxes as reflected in the financial statements is as follows: 

- 20 - 

As of March 31, 2016, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of $10,737,408 net of uncertain tax positions, which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities and will begin to expire at various dates starting in 2033. As of March 31, 2016, the Company also had U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards of $18,205,431, net of uncertain tax positions, which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities and will begin to expire at various dates starting in 2033. As of March 31, 2016 the Company had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of $238,449, available to reduce future tax liabilities which will begin to expire at various dates starting in 2030. 
   
 Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the NOL carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. NOL and tax credit carryforwards may become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant shareholders over a three-year period in excess of 50%, as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as well as similar state tax provisions. This could limit the amount of NOLs that the Company can utilize annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. The amount of the annual limitation, if any, will be determined based on the value of the Company immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. The Company has completed several financing transactions since its inception which may have resulted in a change in control as defined by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, or could result in a change in control in the future. 
   
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

As of March 31, 2016, the Company had $331,545 of unrecognized tax benefits, which were offset with the net operating loss and valuation allowance on the consolidated balance sheet.  None of the gross unrecognized tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate at March 31, 2016, if recognized.  In addition, the Company did not record any penalties or interest related to uncertain tax positions for the periods presented in these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 The Company files income tax returns in the United States, and various state jurisdictions. The federal and state income tax returns are generally subject to tax examinations for the period January 1, 2016 through March 31, 2016, the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the period July 26, 2013 to December 31, 2013.  To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. 
   
  Note 12. Subsequent Events.  
   
 The Company evaluates events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but prior to the issuance of consolidated financial statements to provide additional evidence relative to certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosure. 
   
  Change in Independent Director Compensation Policy  
   
 On May 9, 2016, the Company amended the independent director compensation policy.  The independent directors will continue to receive $50,000 in cash annually.  Pursuant to the amended compensation policy, the independent directors received an immediate stock option grant of 25,000 shares with an exercise price per share at fair market value ($8.75). Beginning with the Company s 2017 annual meeting, members who are re-elected as members of the Board, will receive an annual stock option grant of 10,000 shares at fair market value.  Each of these stock option awards will vest 50% on the date of grant and 50% on the first anniversary of the date of grant.  These stock option awards are in addition to the annual payment of $50,000 in cash fees for the independent directors. 

- 21 - 

Stock Option Grants  
   
 The Company entered into a new employment arrangement, set forth in a letter agreement, dated as of January 27, 2016, with its Chief Financial Officer. The new employment arrangement supersedes the prior letter agreement with the Chief Financial Officer which was dated as of May 15, 2015. As part of the new employment agreement, the officer was granted a five year option to purchase up to 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a per share purchase price of $11.00, the closing price of the common stock on the date of the new agreement. One-half of the shares subject to such option vested immediately upon grant and the remaining 100,000 shares subject to the option will vest on July 27, 2016, provided that the officer is still employed by the Company on said vesting date. The options granted on January 27, 2016 were cancelled on May 9, 2016 upon the issuance of a new award on that date.  The May 9, 2016 award to the Chief Financial Officer provided for an option to purchase 500,000 shares, with the option for 300,000 shares fully vested as of the date of grant and the option for 200,000 shares vesting monthly over a 36 month period.  The exercise price of this option was set at $8.75 per share. 
   
 On May 9, 2016, the board of directors of the Company approved an employment agreement with its Chief Medical Officer. The approved agreement provides for an annual salary of $400,000, a term which expires on October 31, 2016, and severance benefits payable in certain circumstances.  The Board also approved a grant to the Chief Medical Officer of an option to purchase 500,000 shares of common stock vesting over a four-year term on a monthly basis.  The exercise price of this option was set at $8.75 per share. 
   
 On May 9, 2016, each of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officer received an option to purchase 500,000 shares vesting monthly over a 36 month period.  The exercise price of this option was set at $8.75 per share. 

- 22 - 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
   
  You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and related notes appearing in this Transition Report on Form 10-Q. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Transition Report on Form 10-Q, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2016, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. As used in this report, unless the context suggests otherwise,  we,   us,   our,   the Company  or  Tyme Technologies  refer to Tyme Technologies, Inc.  
   
  Overview  
   
 We were originally formed in Florida on November 22, 2011, to produce, market and sell an ultra-premium vodka product to retailers. We were not successful in our efforts and we turned our efforts towards seeking, investigating and, if such investigation warranted, engaging in a business combination with a private entity whose business presented an opportunity for our stockholders. 
   
 Effective as of September 18, 2014, we (then constituting a Florida corporation with the name Global Group Enterprises Corp.) reincorporated in the State of Delaware by merging into our wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary, Tyme Technologies, Inc., which was formed on August 22, 2014 specifically for this purpose (the  Reincorporation ). Tyme Technologies, Inc. was the surviving corporation in such merger. As a result of the Reincorporation, among other things, (i) we changed our name to Tyme Technologies, Inc., (ii) we changed our jurisdiction of incorporation from Florida to Delaware, (iii) we increased our authorized capital stock from 250,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, to 300,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of  blank check  preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, (iv) each share of Global Group Enterprises Corp. s common stock outstanding at the time of the Reincorporation was automatically converted into 4.3334 shares of Tyme Technologies, Inc. s common stock, with the result that the 12,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Reincorporation were converted into 52,000,800 shares of common stock outstanding immediately thereafter. All share and per share numbers in this Transition Report on Form 10-Q relating to our common stock prior to the Reincorporation have been adjusted to give effect to this conversion, unless otherwise stated. Subsequent to the Reincorporation, Global Group Enterprises Corp. ceased to exist. 
   
 As discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Transition Report on Form 10-Q and in  Recent Developments  below, on March 5, 2015 we entered into a  reverse triangular merger  and related transactions with Tyme Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Tyme ), and other parties that resulted in, among other matters, a change in control of our Company and a change in our fiscal year from a fiscal year ending on November 30th of each calendar year to one ending on December 31st of each calendar year, which is the fiscal year basis for the financial statements presented herewith. 
   
 As a result of the Split-Off Transaction and Merger, we discontinued our pre-Merger business and acquired the business of Tyme, a research and development company focused on developing drug candidates for the treatment of cancer in humans. We intend to continue the existing business operations of Tyme as our wholly-owned subsidiary. At the present time, we do not intend to operate any other business other than Tyme, although such operations may be conducted through one or more direct and/or indirect subsidiaries as we believe appropriate. 
   
 The transaction costs associated with the Merger relate to professional fees incurred in respect of legal, investor relations and accounting and audit of Tyme s financial statements. All of such transaction costs, being associated with the final Merger, have been expensed as incurred and total approximately $1,000,000. 
   
 We are in the process of evaluating our short- and long-term financing requirements in order to effectuate our business plan. We anticipate that we will seek to raise required capital by the issuance of equity or debt securities, through private or public offerings or by other means.  Our inability to raise funds could have a severe adverse effect on our ability to become a viable company. In addition, no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain funds on favorable terms, if at all. 
   
  Recent Developments  
   
 During the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Company s Investigational New Drug Application for its SM-88 drug candidate for breast cancer patients (the  IND ) was accepted by the United States Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ). In June of 2016, the Company initiated a phase Ib/II clinical study for SM-88 use in human prostate cancer patients.  The Company is also evaluating the expansion of its phase II program to other types of cancer, including pancreatic cancer. 

- 23 - 

For accounting purposes, the acquisition of Tyme by our Company was considered a reverse acquisition, an acquisition transaction where the acquired company, Tyme, is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, notwithstanding the form of the transaction. The primary reason the transaction was treated as a purchase by Tyme rather than a purchase by our Company was because we were a public reporting shell company with limited operations and Tyme s stockholders gained majority control of the outstanding voting power of our equity securities through their collective ownership of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company common stock. Consequently, reverse acquisition accounting was applied to the transaction. No goodwill or intangible assets were recognized in conjunction with the completion of the Merger. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates  
   
 This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP.  The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements.  On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to accrued expenses, revenue recognition, deferred revenue and stock-based compensation.  We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates as discussed in our Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2016 with the SEC. 
   
  Results of Operations  
   
  Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended March 31, 2015  
   
 Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was $2,751,127 compared to $5,601,438 for the three months ended March 31, 2015. The decrease in the net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2016, as compared to the net loss for the 2015 three month period, is primarily due to the elimination of $3,503,301 in interest expense after the 2015 three month period, which was offset in part by increased operating costs and expenses in the 2016 three month period, as highlighted below. 
   
  Revenues and Other Income  
   
 During the three month periods ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, we did not realize any revenues from operations.  We do not anticipate recognizing any revenues until such time as one of our products has been approved for marketing by appropriate regulatory authorities or we enter into collaboration or licensing arrangement, none of which is anticipated to occur in the near future. 
   
  Operating Costs and Expenses  
   
 For the three months ended March 31, 2016, operating costs and expenses totaled $2,751,127 compared to $2,098,137 for the three months ended March 31, 2015, representing an increase of $652,990. Operating costs and expenses were comprised of the following: 

Research and development expenses were $808,472 for the three months ended March 31, 2016, compared to $514,317 for the three months ended March 31, 2015, representing an increase of $294,155.  All research and development expenditures have been incurred in respect of our lead oncology drug candidate, SM-88, and its associated technology platform. Research and development activities primarily consist of the following: 

- 24 - 

Other income (expense)  
   
 Interest charges for the three months ended March 31, 2015 were $3,503,301, compared to $0 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. Contemporaneous with the closing of the Merger, the Bridge Note in the principal amount of $2,310,000 was converted into 2,310,000 shares of Company common stock. On March 5, 2015, the mandatory conversion feature of the Bridge Note was amended to a set fixed conversion amount such that, upon conversion, the Bridge Note purchaser would receive one share of Company common stock for each $1.00 of principal of the Bridge Note outstanding as of the date of the mandatory conversion. We evaluated the modification to the conversion rate as an inducement to convert the Bridge Note and concluded that it provided the purchaser of the Bridge Note an incremental value of $3,465,000, which is included as interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2015. We also recorded cash interest expenses of $38,301 on the Bridge Note during the three months ended March 31, 2015. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
   
 At March 31, 2016, we had cash of $6,105,309, working capital of $4,422,389 and stockholders  equity of $4,434,205. 
   
 Net cash used in or provided by operating, investing and financing activities from continuing operations were as follows: 

Operating Activities  
   
 Our cash used in operating activities in the three months ended March 31, 2016 totaled $1,373,257 which is the sum of (i) our net loss of $2,751,127, adjusted for non-cash expenses totaling $1,138,497 (which includes adjustments for depreciation and stock based compensation), and (ii) changes in operating assets and liabilities of $239,373. 

- 25 - 

Our cash used in operating activities in the three months ended March 31, 2015 totaled $2,281,683, which is the sum of (i) our net loss of $5,601,438, adjusted for non-cash expenses totaling $4,141,074 (which includes adjustments for depreciation, stock based compensation, issuance of common stock for services and non-cash conversion), and (ii) decreases in operating assets and liabilities of approximately $821,319. 
   
  Investing Activities  
   
 We had no net cash used in investing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015. 
   
  Financing Activities  
   
 During the three months ended March 31, 2016, our financing activities consisted of the following: 

During the three months ended March 31, 2015, our financing activities consisted of the following:  

Contemporaneous with the closing of the Merger, the Company completed a private placement of 2,716,000 shares of Company common stock for gross proceeds of $6,790,000 (of which, $4,265,000 was tendered in cash and the remaining subscription price paid by the delivery of the three-month PPO Note in the principal amount of $2,500,000). 

We raised gross proceeds of $960,000 through the additional funding under and the corresponding amendment and restatement of the Bridge Note. 

In 2014, Tyme and Luminant granted cash advances totaling $355,766 to certain of their then stockholders/members. Effective as of the consummation of the Merger during the three months ended March 31, 2015, these non-interest bearing advances were settled. 

Liquidity and Capital Requirements Outlook  
   
  Liquidity  
   
 We anticipate requiring additional capital in order to fund the development of our product candidates, as well as to engage in strategic transactions. The most significant funding needs are anticipated to be in connection with preparing for and conducting one or more phase II clinical trials of our SM-88 drug candidate and related studies and investigations. 
   
 To meet our short and long-term liquidity needs, we currently expect to use existing cash balances and a variety of other means, including potential issuances of debt or equity securities in public or private financings, option exercises, and partnerships and/or collaborations. The demand for the equity and debt of biopharmaceutical companies like ours is dependent upon many factors, including the general state of the financial markets. During times of extreme market volatility, capital may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain such additional capital could materially and adversely affect our business operations. In addition, we expect to seek as appropriate grants for scientific and clinical studies. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in qualifying for or obtaining such grants. 
   
 We believe that our cash balances as of March 31, 2016 will be sufficient to fund the business through the next six to nine months. 
   
 While we will continue to seek capital through a number of means, there can be no assurance that additional financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all, and our negotiating position in capital generating efforts may worsen as existing resources are used. 
   
 Additional equity financing may be dilutive to our stockholders; debt financing, if available, may involve significant cash payment obligations and covenants that restrict our ability to operate as a business; and our stock price may not reach levels necessary to induce option exercises. If we are unable to raise the funds necessary to meet our long-term liquidity needs, we may have to delay or discontinue the development of our drug candidates or raise funds on terms that we currently consider unfavorable. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

- 26 - 

Seasonality  
   
 The Company does not believe that its operations are seasonal in nature. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
   
 We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC rules. 
   
  Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks.  
   
 The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve capital while at the same time maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk.  Our cash balance as of March 31, 2016 was held in insured depository accounts, of which approximately $5,855,309 exceeded insurance limits. 
   
  Item 4.  Controls and Procedures.  
   
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2016 as required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
   
 Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
   
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective for the reasons set forth below. 
   
 The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: 

lack of a functioning audit committee resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; 

inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and 

ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. 

The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by Messrs. Hoffman, Demurjian and Dickey in connection with their review of our financial statements as of March 31, 2016. In addition, our management noted further control and procedures deficiencies, including those relating to segregation of duties over cash disbursements and the prompt analysis of the financial impact of all transactions to which we are a party. 
   
 Our management believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results. 
   
  Management s Remediation Initiatives  
   
 In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

- 27 - 

Assuming we are able to secure additional working capital, we will create additional positions in order to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function.  Beginning in our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2015, we retained an accounting and financial reporting advisory firm with significant experience with publicly held companies to assist management in the accounting function and in implementing and enhancing our internal controls over financial reporting. 

We intend to design and implement centralized and automated enhancements to the processing of invoices to assure standardized supplier setup and proper entry by invoice type into our accounts payable system. These enhancements will also incorporate adherence to signing authorities as part of check run processing and ensure the completion of timely month end reconciliation procedures for accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Effective October 27, 2016, we formed an audit committee consisting of our three independent members of our board of directors. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
   
 As noted above, we recently formed an audit committee. We anticipate that such audit committee will discuss with management, including our Chief Financial Officer, and our independent registered public accounting firm, the status of our financial controls and procedures and determine what changes are necessary to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US GAAP. We anticipate that a number of changes in our financial controls and procedures will be made in the ensuing periods. 
   
  PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1.  Legal Proceedings.  
   
 Except as set forth below, we are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or threatened legal proceeding against us that we believe could have a material adverse effect on us, our business, operating results or financial condition. 
   
 On March 5, 2015, we, our wholly-owned subsidiary formed for the purposes of completing the merger (which we refer to as  Acquisition Sub ), Tyme, Inc. ( Tyme ) and certain other parties entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the  Merger Agreement ).  Simultaneous with the execution of the Merger Agreement, we and the other parties to the Merger Agreement consummated the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the  Merger ).  We refer to the date that the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, were consummated as the  Closing Date.   Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Acquisition Sub merged with and into Tyme.  Tyme was the surviving corporation in the Merger and thus became our wholly-owned subsidiary. 
   
 The Merger Agreement provided that, in the event we raised additional capital in a public or private offering (in one or more closings) for gross proceeds of at least $20 million (a  Qualified Offering ), based on a pre-money valuation of our Company of at least $200 million, within five months of the earlier two dates specified in the Merger Agreement, as amended and subject to certain conditions (with such date being referred to as the  Qualified Offering Trigger Termination Date ), the holders of record of our Common Stock as of the Closing Date (the  Pre-Merger Company Stockholders ) would have the opportunity to receive,  pro rata , 1,333,333 additional restricted shares of our Common Stock (the  Qualified Offering Shares ). 
   
 The Merger Agreement further provided that: 

if the pre-money valuation of our Company upon a Qualified Offering is $150 million or more but less than $200 million, the Pre-Merger Company Stockholders will surrender to us for cancellation without consideration 1 million shares of our Common Stock; 

if the pre-money valuation of our Company upon a Qualified Offering is $100 million or more but less than $150 million, the Pre-Merger Company Stockholders will surrender to us for cancellation without consideration 2 million shares of our Common Stock; and  

if the pre-money valuation of the Company upon a Qualified Offering is less than $100 million (which Qualified Offering may be rejected in the Company s sole and absolute discretion) or if no Qualified Offering occurs within five months of the Qualified Offering Trigger Termination Date, the Pre-Merger Company Stockholders would be obligated to surrender to us for cancellation without consideration 3.5 million shares of our Common Stock. 

- 28 - 

The Pre-Merger Company Stockholders previously placed into escrow pursuant to an escrow agreement (the  Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement ), 3.5 million shares of our Common Stock (the  Adjustment Shares ) to secure such surrender obligations described above. 
   
 We had the sole authority to determine all matters relating to the Qualified Offering, including the subscription price, pre-money valuation and whether or not to accept any subscriber s subscription offer. No Qualified Offering occurred by the Qualified Offering Trigger Termination Date and we have sought a return of the Adjustment Shares from the escrow under the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement. 
   
 On November 10, 2015, we made demand of the escrow agent holding the Adjustment Shares for their surrender for cancellation. On November 17, 2015, GEM Global Yield Fund LLC SCS ( GEM ), as depositor and on behalf of the Pre-Merger Company Stockholders, challenged such demand.  On January 19, 2016, we filed a complaint against GEM with the Commercial Division of the Supreme Court of New York, New York, captioned  Tyme Technologies, Inc. v. GEM Global Yield Fund LLC SCS and CKR Law LLP , Index No. 650250/2016.  On April 1, 2016, we filed an Amended Complaint.  The Amended Complaint asserts causes of actions for (i) a declaratory judgment declaring that the relevant contracts require the 3.5 million escrowed Adjustment Shares to be released to us; (ii) breach of contract for failure to deliver the Adjustment Shares to us; (iii) conversion for GEM s willful and malicious interference with Tyme Technologies  rights to the Adjustment Shares; and (iv) replevin for CKR Law s refusal to surrender the escrowed Adjustment Shares to us. 
   
 On June 20, 2016, the depositor filed their answer and asserted two counterclaims. The first counterclaim alleges that the Company purportedly breached its obligation to allow the depositor to provide additional financing by refusing to allow the depositor to purchase 17,200,000 shares at a price of $1.1626 per share.  The depositor alleges that it was damaged by at least $144,000,000 based upon the differential between the depositor s proposed share purchase price and the then-current market value of the Company s Common stock. The depositor s second counterclaim alleges that the Company purportedly breached its fiduciary duties to the depositor as a stockholder of the Company, by rejecting the depositor s proposed financing described above. The Company believes the depositor s counterclaims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend these claims and seek the return of the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares in accordance with the terms set out in the Merger Agreement and the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement. The Company moved to dismiss the counterclaims on August 10, 2016, the depositor filed its opposition on September 21, 2016 and the Company filed its reply memorandum of law on October 28, 2016. 
   
  Item 1A.  Risk Factors.  
   
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the Part 1, Item 1A  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016.  Such risk factors are relevant in evaluating our business, financial position, future results and prospects.  The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face.  Additional risks that we do not presently know or that we currently believe are immaterial could also materially and adversely affect any of our business, financial position, future results or prospects. 
   
  Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
   
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, we issued, effective as of February 2, 2016, to a total of two individuals, for the aggregate consideration of $3,100,000, (i) 775,000 shares of our common stock and (ii) 461,384 ten-year common stock purchase warrants entitling its holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a purchase price of $5.00 per share.  These securities were offered and sold in reliance upon exemptions from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. 
   
  Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
   
 None. 
   
  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.  
   
 Not applicable. 
   
  Item 5.  Other Information.  
   
 The inclusion within Part II, Item 5 of this transition report of audited financial statements as of and for the twelve months ended March 31, 2016 is being provided as supplemental information and is intended to accelerate the Company s ability to qualify for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market under NASDAQ Rule 5110(c). 

- 29 - 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
   
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Tyme Technologies, Inc. 
   
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Tyme Technologies, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of March 31, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 
   
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
   
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Tyme Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
   
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring losses from operation, negative cash flows and an accumulated deficit as of March 31, 2016. These conditions, along with other matters described in Note 1, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
   
 New York, New York 
 November 7, 2016 

F-1 

Tyme Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Balance Sheet  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F-2 

Tyme Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Statement of Operations  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 

F-3 

Tyme Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity  
  For the Year Ended March 31, 2016  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F-4 

Tyme Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F-5 

Tyme Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
  Note 1. Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation.  
   
 Tyme Technologies, Inc. ( Tyme Tech ) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Tyme Inc. ( Tyme ) and Luminant Biosciences, LLC ( Luminant ) (collectively, the  Company ) have historically operated on a fiscal year ending December 31 of each year. 
   
 On October 27, 2016, the Board of Directors of Tyme Tech approved a change in fiscal year end from December 31 to March 31 of each year. As a result of the change in fiscal year, Tyme Tech has prepared a transition report on Form 10-Q of which these financial statements form a part (the  Transition Report ).  As a result of an audit of the financial statements for the Transition Report, certain adjustments were made to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in the Transition Report compared to what was reported on the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on May 10, 2016.  The Company evaluated the materiality of these adjustments and concluded that they were not material, individually or in the aggregate, to any of the previously issued financial statements. 
   
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of Tyme Tech and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Tyme and Luminant. Luminant conducted the initial research and development of the Company s therapeutic platform. Since January 1, 2014, the majority of the Company s research and development activities and other business efforts have been conducted by Tyme.  All of the Company s patent and patent application rights presently are held by Tyme. 
   
 Tyme Tech was incorporated in the State of Florida on November 22, 2011, to engage in the business of producing, marketing and selling an ultra-premium vodka product to retailers. Management determined to cease the ultra-premium vodka business and attempt to acquire other assets or business operations that would maximize shareholder value. Effective as of September 18, 2014, the Company (then constituting a Florida corporation with the name Global Group Enterprises Corp.) reincorporated in the State of Delaware by merging into its wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary, Tyme Technologies, Inc., which was formed on August 22, 2014 specifically for this purpose (the  Reincorporation ). Tyme Technologies, Inc. was the surviving corporation in such merger. 
   
 On March 5, 2015, Tyme Tech consummated a reverse triangular merger with Tyme (the  Merger ). (See Reverse Triangular Merger below.) The Merger resulted in Tyme becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tyme Tech. Tyme is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of highly targeted cancer therapeutics with a broad range of oncology indications for humans. Tyme was incorporated in Delaware in 2013 and its operations to date have been directed primarily toward developing business strategies, research and development activities and preparing for clinical trials for human oncologic product candidates. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Company s Investigational New Drug Application for its SM-88 drug candidate for breast cancer patients (the  IND ) was accepted by the United States Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ). In June of 2016, the Company initiated a phase Ib/II clinical study for SM-88 use in human prostate cancer patients.  The Company is also evaluating the expansion of its phase II program to other types of cancer, including pancreatic cancer. 
   
  Reverse Triangular Merger  
   
 On March 5, 2015, Tyme Tech consummated a reverse triangular merger whereby a newly formed subsidiary formed specifically for the transaction merged with and into Tyme. The Merger resulted in Tyme becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tyme Tech and the stockholders of Tyme as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, receiving, in the aggregate, common stock of the Company equal to approximately 79% of the total number of shares of Company common stock outstanding immediately following such issuance to such former Tyme stockholders (34,000 shares of Company common stock for every one share of Tyme common stock outstanding as of the closing of the Merger). The Merger resulted in the Company issuing a total of 68,000,000 shares of common stock to the Pre-Merger Tyme stockholders and 12,724,000 shares to the Tyme Tech stockholders as of the date of the Merger. (See Note 7. Stockholders  Equity.) 
   
 The Merger Agreement contained representations and warranties and pre- and post-closing covenants of each party and customary closing conditions. Breaches of the representations and warranties under the Merger Agreement are subject to indemnification provisions. Each of the pre-Merger Tyme stockholders initially received in the Merger 95% of the shares to which each such stockholder was entitled under the terms of the Merger Agreement, with the remaining 5% of such shares being held in escrow for two years to satisfy post-closing claims for indemnification by the Company ( Indemnity Shares ), pursuant to an Indemnification Shares Escrow Agreement. Any of the Indemnity Shares remaining in escrow at the end of such two-year period shall be distributed to the pre-Merger Tyme stockholders on a pro rata basis. 

F-6 

Contemporaneous with the closing of the Merger, among other matters, the Company completed a private placement offering (the  PPO ) of 2,716,000 shares of Company common stock (the  PPO Shares ) for gross proceeds of $6,790,000 (of which, $4,264,000 was tendered in cash and the remaining subscription price paid by the delivery of a three-month promissory note in the principal amount of $2,500,000 ( PPO Note ). In addition, a Tyme convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $2,310,000 (the  Bridge Note ) was converted into 2,310,000 shares (the  Bridge Note Shares ) of Company common stock. The foregoing aggregate 79% ownership of the post-Merger Company by the former Tyme stockholders was calculated giving effect to the issuances of Company common stock in the PPO, the conversion of the Bridge Note and surrender of stock for cancellation by certain stockholders of the Pre-Merger Company. The purchaser of the PPO Shares and party receiving the Bridge Shares upon conversion of the Bridge Note were granted certain registration rights with respect to such shares (such shares being collectively referred to as the PPO/Bridge Note Conversion Registrable Shares ). The PPO Note was originally secured by the escrow of 5,000,000 shares of Company common stock pursuant to a Subscription Note Shares Escrow Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2015 (the  Subscription Note Escrow Agreement ). As originally provided in the Subscription Note Escrow Agreement, to the extent that the PPO Note was not paid at or prior to its maturity date of June 5, 2015, the escrowed shares would be forfeited for cancellation at the rate of one share for every $0.50 of PPO Note principal not paid. The Company received a payment of $1,250,000 in June 2015 and the maturity date on the remaining principal amount of the PPO Note was extended to July 6, 2015 pursuant to an Omnibus Amendment, dated as of June 5, 2015 (the  First Omnibus Amendment ). The Company entered into a Second Omnibus Amendment as of July 23, 2015 (the  Second Omnibus Amendment ), pursuant to which the terms of certain agreements entered into in connection with the Merger were modified and amended. Under the Second Omnibus Amendment, (x) the Company agreed to the extension of the maturity date of the remaining $1,250,000 outstanding amount due under the PPO Note to a date  five business days following the Company providing the maker of the PPO Note of written evidence that an Investigational New Drug Application for the Company s SM-88 drug candidate has been submitted by the Company to the FDA, (y) the holder of all of the PPO/Bridge Note Conversion Registrable Shares irrevocably waived any liquidated damages with respect to the date of filing or the effective date of the registration statement contemplated by a Registration Rights Agreement entered into in connection with the consummation of the Merger and PPO and (z) the amount of shares that the former-Tyme stockholders may include in such registration statement was increased to 15% of the total number of shares such stockholders received in connection with the Merger.   
   
 At the point of Merger and since inception, Tyme Tech was essentially a  public reporting shell  with no substantive business operations. As such, Tyme Tech had no revenues and operating profits that require separate identification. 
   
 The Merger established a public forum for the Company. Subject to executing on the Company s goals, management envisages that the public forum may help the Company secure necessary future funding in the public markets as the Company further develops its business as a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical enterprise focused on the development and commercialization of highly targeted cancer therapeutics for humans with a broad range of oncology indications. 
   
 The transaction costs associated with the Merger relate to professional fees incurred in respect of legal, investor relations, accounting and audit. All such transaction costs total approximately $1,000,000 and are included in general and administrative expense for the three months ended March 31, 2015. 
   
 For accounting purposes, the acquisition of Tyme by Tyme Tech was considered a reverse acquisition, an acquisition transaction where the acquired company, Tyme, is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, notwithstanding the form of the transaction. The primary reason the transaction was treated as a purchase by Tyme rather than a purchase by Tyme Tech was because Tyme Tech was a public reporting shell company with limited operations and Tyme s stockholders gained majority control of the outstanding voting power of the Company s equity securities through their collective ownership of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company common stock. Consequently, reverse acquisition accounting has been applied to the transaction. 
   
 In conjunction with the reverse acquisition, Tyme Tech changed its fiscal year-end from November 30 to December 31, the historical fiscal year-end of Tyme. The capital structure, including the number and type of shares issued appearing in the consolidated balance sheets for the periods presented, reflects that of the legal parent or accounting acquiree, Tyme Tech, including the shares issued to effect the reverse acquisition after the Merger and the capital structure of Tyme modified by the 34,000-for-1 exchange ratio in the Merger for the periods prior to the consummation of the Merger. As a result of the Merger and its accounting treatment as a reverse acquisition, stockholders  equity has been retrospectively adjusted as of the earliest period presented in these consolidated financial statements.  There was no change to total stockholders  equity (deficit) as a result of the Merger. 

F-7 

Going Concern  
   
 The Company has incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception (July 26, 2013) and has an accumulated deficit of $18,655,307 as of March 31, 2016. The Company anticipates incurring additional losses until such time, if ever, that it can generate significant revenues from its products currently in development. The Company s primary sources of liquidity to date have been the issuance of common stock, convertible promissory notes and contributed capital by its founders. Substantial additional financing will be needed by the Company to fund its operations and to seek applicable FDA and foreign governmental authorization to commercially market its product candidates. There is no assurance that such financing will be available when needed or on acceptable terms. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
   
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
   
 Management is evaluating different strategies to obtain the required additional funding for future operations. These strategies may include, but are not limited to, additional funding from current or new investors, officers and directors; borrowings of debt; public or private offerings of the Company s equity or debt securities; partnerships and/or collaborations. There can be no assurance that any of these future-funding efforts will be successful. 
   
 The Company is subject to those risks associated with any specialty pharmaceutical company that has substantial expenditures for research and development. There can be no assurance that the Company s research and development projects will be successful, that products developed will obtain necessary regulatory approval or that any approved product will be commercially viable. In addition, the Company operates in an environment of rapid technological change and is largely dependent on the services of its employees and consultants, as well as third party contractors. 
   
  Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.  
   
  Basis of Presentation  
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).  Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) and Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ). 
   
  Significant Accounting Policies  
   
  Principles of Consolidation  
   
 The Company s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Tyme Tech and its subsidiaries, Tyme and Luminant. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  Use of Estimates  
   
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimation include the fair value of the Company underlying the conversion feature of the senior secured bridge notes, derivative value associated with the price protection feature of shares of Company common stock issued in connection with the PPO and Bridge Note conversion and stock-based compensation. Actual results could differ from such estimates. 
   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
 The Company considers all highly-liquid investments that have maturities of three months or less when acquired to be cash equivalents. As of March 31, 2016, the Company s cash and cash equivalents consisted of $6,105,309 deposited in three checking accounts at one financial institution. 

F-8 

Concentration of Credit Risk  
   
 Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash. Cash is deposited with major banks and, at times, such balances with any one financial institution may be in excess of FDIC insurance limits. The Company exceeded the FDIC limit of $250,000 by approximately $5,855,309 at March 31, 2016. Although the Company has exceeded the federally insured limit, it has not incurred losses related to these deposits. Management monitors the Company s accounts with these institutions to minimize credit risk. 
   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
   
 The carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, including cash, accounts payable and other current liabilities approximates fair value given their short-term nature.  
   
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 
   
 Fair value should be based on the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability and is based on a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the information used to develop those assumptions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (observable inputs) and the lowest priority to the Company s assumptions (unobservable inputs). Fair value measurements should be disclosed separately by level within the fair value hierarchy. For assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, it is the Company s policy to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements, in accordance with established fair value hierarchy. 
   
 Fair value measurements for assets and liabilities where there exists limited or no observable market data are based primarily upon estimates, and often are calculated based on the economic and competitive environment, the characteristics of the asset or liability and other factors. Therefore, the results cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement of the asset or liability. Additionally, there may be inherent weaknesses in any calculation technique, and changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, could significantly affect the results of current or future values. 
   
 Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as assets held for sale and certain other assets. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 
   
 Fair value guidance establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  

Level 3 valuations are for instruments that are not traded in active markets or are subject to transfer restrictions and may be adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, with such adjustment generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management s best estimate is used. The Company s derivative liability is classified as a Level 3 instrument. (See Note 6. Debt.) 
   
 An adjustment to the pricing method used within either Level 1 or Level 2 inputs could generate a fair value measurement that effectively falls in a lower level in the hierarchy. The Company had no assets or liabilities classified as Level 1 or Level 2 during the year ended March 31, 2016 and there were no material re-measurements of fair value with respect to financial assets and liabilities, during those years, other than those assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year ended March 31, 2016. 

F-9 

Prepaid Assets  
   
 Prepaid assets represent expenditures made in advance of when the economic benefit of the cost will be realized, and which will be expensed in future periods with the passage of time or when a triggering event occurs. 
   
  Property and Equipment, Net  
   
 Property and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The Company estimates a life of five to seven years for equipment and furniture and fixtures. Upon sale or retirement, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is included in operating expenses. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 
   
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  
   
 The Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived assets, which include fixed assets, whenever significant events or changes in circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. If indicators of impairment exist, projected future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset are compared to its carrying amount to determine whether the asset s value is recoverable. Any resulting impairment is recorded as a reduction in the carrying value of the related asset in excess of fair value and a charge to operating results. For the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company determined that there were no triggering events requiring an impairment analysis. 
   
  Research and Development  
   
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are primarily comprised of, but not limited to, external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as contract research organizations ( CROs ), contract manufacturing organizations ( CMOs ) and consultants that conduct clinical and preclinical studies, costs associated with preclinical and development activities, costs associated with regulatory operations, depreciation expense for assets used in research and development activities and employee related expenses, including salaries and benefits for research and development personnel. Costs for certain development activities, such as clinical studies, are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as patient enrollment, clinical site activations or information provided to the Company by its vendors on their actual costs incurred. Payments for these activities are based on the terms of the individual arrangements, which may differ from the patterns of costs incurred, and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements as prepaid or accrued expense, which are reported in prepaid assets or accounts payable and other current liabilities. 
   
  Income Taxes  
   
 The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, the Company determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
   
 The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that it believes that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If the Company determines that it would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, the Company would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 
   
 The Company records uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in which (1) the Company determines whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

F-10 

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included on the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company did not record any penalties or interest related to uncertain tax positions for the year ended March 31, 2016. 
   
 The Company files income tax returns in the United States, and various state jurisdictions. The tax years which currently remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions are for the period January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016, the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for the period July 26, 2013 to December 31, 2013. 
   
  Segment Information  
   
 Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company views their operations and manages their business in one segment. 
   
  Derivative Liabilities  
   
 Accounting standards require presentation of derivative liabilities at fair value. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any change in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as other income or expense. 
   
  Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share  
   
 The Company calculates net loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earning per Share. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of Company common stock outstanding for the period, and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock equivalents outstanding for the period. At March 31, 2016, the calculation excludes any potential dilutive common shares and any equivalents as they would have been anti-dilutive as the Company had a loss for the period then ended. 
   
  Stock-based Compensation  
   
 The Company follows the authoritative guidance for accounting for stock-based compensation in ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation.  The guidance requires that stock-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements based on their fair value at the grant date and recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period as services are being provided. (See Note 10. Equity Incentive Plan.) 
   
 The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The use of the Black-Scholes option pricing model requires management to make assumptions with respect to the expected term of the option, the expected volatility of the common stock consistent with the expected term of the option, risk-free interest rates, the value of the common stock and expected dividend yield of the common stock. For awards subject to time-based vesting conditions, the Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value of stock options on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting term. Forfeitures are required to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
   
 The Company accounts for stock-based awards issued to non-employees in accordance with ASC Topic 505-50  Equity-Based Payment to Non-Employees  and accordingly the value of the stock compensation to non-employees is measured on the earlier of: a) the performance commitment date, or b) the date the services required under the arrangement have been completed. 
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update or ASU, 2016-15 , Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ), which amended the existing accounting standards for the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on eight classification issues related to the statement of cash flows. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. For issues that are impracticable to apply retrospectively, the amendments may be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently in the process of assessing the impact of ASU 2016-15 on its statement of cash flows. 

F-11 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses  ( ASU 2016-13 ), which introduces a new model for recognizing credit losses on financial instruments based on an estimate of current expected credit losses.  ASU 2016-13 will apply to (1) loans, accounts receivable, trade receivables, and other financial assets measured at amortized cost, (2) loan commitments and other off-balance sheet credit exposures, (3) debt securities and other financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, and (4) beneficial interests in securitized financial assets.  ASU 2016-13 will be effective in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 including interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Company is currently in the process of assessing the impact of ASU 2016-13 on the Company s financial statements and related disclosures. 
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ), which provides for simplification of certain aspects of employee share-based payment accounting including income taxes, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, accounting for forfeitures and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2017 and will be applied either prospectively, retrospectively or using a modified retrospective transition approach depending on the area covered in this update. The Company is currently in the process of assessing the impact of ASU 2016-09 on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
   
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10), Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-1 ), which addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 will be effective for the Company for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is not permitted. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740).   The amendments in this update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.  The Company did not retrospectively adjust the prior periods within the Balance Sheet.  The early adoption ASU 2015-17 did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity. The reason for the change is to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. 
   
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,  which provides guidance on determining when and how reporting entities must disclose going-concern uncertainties in their financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date of issuance of the entity s financial statements (or within one year after the date on which the financial statements are available to be issued, when applicable). Further, an entity must provide certain disclosures if there is  substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.  This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements, other than potentially on the footnote disclosures. 
   
  Note 3. Net Loss Per Common Share  
   
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per common share for the period indicated (in thousands, except share and per share data): 

F-12 

There are 3,500,000 shares in escrow, subject to cancellation, that have not been included in basic weighted average common shares outstanding for the year ended March 31, 2016.   
   
 The following outstanding securities at March 31, 2016 have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as they would have been anti-dilutive: 

Note 4. Property and Equipment, Net.  
   
 Property and equipment, net consisted of the following: 

Depreciation expense was $4,280 for the year ended March 31, 2016. 
   
  Note 5. Accounts Payable and Other Current Liabilities.   
   
 Accounts payable and other current liabilities consisted of the following: 

Note 6. Debt.  
   
  Insurance Note Payable  
   
 The Company entered into an agreement to finance director and officer insurance premiums totaling $232,100 for the policy year ending in March 2017.  The Company made a payment of $65,000 in April 2016 and, thereafter, payments will be made in eight equal installments of $21,274, inclusive of interest accruing at 3.99%.  The balance will be paid in full prior to December 31, 2016, therefore the amount financed is included as part of current liabilities on the balance sheet. 
   
 As of March 31, 2016, the Company has a prepaid asset associated with the financing of insurance premiums of $224,470 included as part of current assets for the policy year ending in March 2017.  This amount is equal to the total premiums of $232,100 offset by expense recognized for the covered period in March 2016 of $7,630. 

F-13 

Bridge Notes Payable  
   
 On July 11, 2014, Tyme received $1,100,000 in proceeds from the issuance of a convertible promissory note (the  Bridge Note ) from an affiliate of GEM Global Yield Fund, LLC SCS ( GEM ). The Bridge Note bears interest at a rate of 10% per year, maturing fifteen months from the date of issue and was secured by all assets of Tyme. The Bridge Note was mandatorily convertible into Company common stock upon the closing of the PPO. To secure certain obligations relating to the Bridge Note and the then proposed merger, Tyme issued in the name of the purchaser of the Bridge Note but placed into escrow shares of Company common stock. These shares were not deemed outstanding, but would either be delivered to the Bridge Note purchaser or returned to Tyme for cancellation pursuant to the terms of a Termination Shares Escrow Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2014, among Tyme, the purchaser of the Bridge Note and the escrow agent. Subsequently, such escrow concerning the Bridge Note was terminated in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Termination Shares Escrow Agreement, those shares of Company common stock were released by the escrow agent to the Company, and the Company then cancelled those shares of common stock. 
   
 On November 24, 2014, the purchaser of the Bridge Note loaned Tyme an additional $250,000. In connection with the funding of such loan, the Bridge Note was amended and restated to reflect a principal amount of $1,350,000. 
   
 On January 15, 2015, the purchaser of the Bridge Note loaned Tyme a further $960,000. In connection with the funding of such further loan, the Bridge Note was amended and restated to reflect a principal amount of $2,310,000. On March 5, 2015, the Bridge Note was further amended and restated to the effect that the mandatory conversion feature was amended to a set fixed conversion amount such that, upon mandatory conversion, the Bridge Note purchaser would receive one share of Company common stock (each, a  Bridge Note Conversion Share ) for each $1.00 of principal of the Bridge Note outstanding as of the date of the mandatory conversion. The Company evaluated the modification to the conversion rate as an inducement to convert the Bridge Note and concluded that it provided the purchaser of the Bridge Note an incremental value of $3,465,000, which is included as interest expense on the consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2015. 
   
 The investor in the PPO and the Bridge Note holder has been granted anti-dilution protection with respect to the PPO Shares and Bridge Note Conversion Shares such that, if within two years after the closing of the Merger, the Company shall issue additional shares of Company common stock or common stock equivalents, for a consideration per share less than $0.50 per share (the  Lower Price ), each such investor and holder will be entitled to receive from the Company additional shares ( Lower Price Shares ) of Company common stock in an amount such that, when added to the number of shares initially purchased by such investor or received upon conversion of the Bridge Note, will equal the number of shares that such investor s PPO subscription amount would have purchased or the Bridge Note holder would have received upon conversion of the Bridge Note at the Lower Price. GEM was the sole investor in the PPO and designee of the Bridge Note holder who received the Bridge Note Conversion Shares. 
   
 The Company has determined that this anti-dilution protection is a freestanding financial instrument that will be carried as a liability at fair value. At the time of the merger, in the quarter ended March 31, 2015, management measured this derivative at fair value and recognized a derivative liability of $376,300 on the consolidated balance sheet, with the offset recorded against additional paid-in capital. The derivative is valued primarily using models based on unobservable inputs that represent management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the liability at the measurement date and thus are classified as Level 3. The model incorporates various assumptions related to the Company s stock price and ascribes a probability based on management s expectation that such assumptions would occur. Changes in the fair values of the derivative are recognized in earnings in the current period. As of December 31, 2015, the Company determined that the likelihood of the anti-dilution provisions being met was remote based on the Company s current stock price and the length of time remaining until maturity, and therefore, the anti-dilution protection had no value. As of March 31, 2016, the Company continues to believe the likelihood of the anti-dilution provisions being met is remote. 
   
  Note 7. Stockholders  Equity.  
   
  Preferred Stock  
   
 The Company is authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, each with a par value of $0.0001. Shares of Company preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series and/or classes, each of which will have such distinctive designation or title as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors prior to the issuance of any shares of such series or class. The Company preferred stock will have such voting powers, full or limited or no voting powers and such preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in such resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series or class of Company preferred stock as may be adopted from time to time by the Company s board of directors prior to the issuance of any shares thereof. No shares of Company preferred stock are currently issued or outstanding and the Company s board of directors has not designated any class or series of Company preferred stock for use in the future. 

F-14 

Common Stock  
   
  Authorized, Issued and Outstanding  
   
 The Company is authorized to issue 300,000,000 shares of common stock, each with a par value of $0.0001, of which 87,611,370 shares were issued and outstanding at March 31, 2016 and 86,836,370 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015. 
   
  Voting  
   
 Each holder of Company common stock is entitled to one vote for each share thereof held by such holder at all meetings of stockholders (and written action in lieu of meetings). The number of authorized shares of Company common stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of majority of the combined number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company. 
   
  Dividends  
   
 Dividends may be declared and paid on the Company common stock from funds lawfully available therefore, as and when determined by the board of directors. 
   
  Liquidation  
   
 In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, holders of Company common stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders. 
   
  Escrow shares  
   
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company would have been required to issue 1,333,333 shares of Company common stock to the Pre-Merger Company stockholders in the event that the Company conducted an offering of at least $20,000,000 at a pre-money Company valuation between $200,000,000 and $400,000,000 with such offering proceeds placed in escrow on or before the date which was five months following the consummation of the Merger. As this offering did not occur, these 1,333,333 shares were not issued. The Merger Agreement further provided that, if the pre-money valuation on which the raised funds were placed into escrow was less than $200,000,000, or if no money was raised within such five month period, up to 3,500,000 shares of Company common stock were required to be surrendered for cancellation. Such 3,500,000 shares were placed into escrow pursuant to an Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement entered into at the time of Merger Closing (the  Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement ). The date on which the offering funds were required to be placed into escrow was extended under the terms of the Second Omnibus Amendment to November 5, 2015. No offering was consummated, nor were any offering funds placed into escrow. On November 10, 2015, the Company advised the escrow agent of such facts and demanded the surrender for cancellation of the 3,500,000 shares placed into escrow under the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement. Under the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement, the depositor of such escrowed shares had until November 18, 2015 to challenge the Company s demand for surrender of the Escrowed Shares.  
   
 On November 17, 2015, the Company received notice from the depositor of such 3,500,000 shares disputing the grounds for the surrender for cancellation of those shares.  Until resolved by court order or otherwise, the 3,500,000 shares shall remain in escrow.  On January 19, 2016, the Company filed a complaint against the depositor with the Commercial Division of the Supreme Court of New York, New York and on April 1, 2016, the Company filed an amended complaint, which asserts causes of actions for (i) a declaratory judgment declaring that the relevant contracts require the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares to be released to the Company; (ii) breach of contract for failure to deliver the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares to the Company; (iii) conversion for the depositors willful and malicious interference with the Company s rights to the Adjustment Shares; and (iv) replevin for the escrow agent s refusal to surrender the escrowed Adjustment Shares to the Company. 
   
 On June 20, 2016, the depositor filed their answer and asserted two counterclaims. The first counterclaim alleges that the Company purportedly breached its obligation to allow the depositor to provide additional financing by refusing to allow the depositor to purchase 17,200,000 shares at a price of $1.1626 per share.  The depositor alleges that it was damaged by at least $144,000,000 based upon the differential between the depositor s proposed share purchase price and the then-current market value of the Company s Common stock. The depositor s second counterclaim alleges that the Company purportedly breached its fiduciary duties to the depositor as a stockholder of the Company, by rejecting the depositor s proposed financing described above. The Company believes the depositor s counterclaims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend these claims and seek the return of the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares in accordance with the terms set out in the Merger Agreement and the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement. The Company moved to dismiss the counterclaims on August 10, 2016, the depositor filed its opposition on September 21, 2016 and the Company filed its reply memorandum of law on October 28, 2016. 

F-15 

Registration Rights Agreement  
   
 In connection with the PPO, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the purchaser in the PPO and the holder of the Bridge Note, pursuant to which the Company agreed to promptly, but no later than 90 days following the maturity date of the PPO Note (such maturity date initially being 90 calendar days after the closing of the PPO), file a registration statement with the SEC (the  Registration Statement ) covering (a) all of the PPO Shares issued in the PPO, (b) the Bridge Note Conversion Shares issued upon conversion of the Bridge Note, (c) the Lower Price Shares, if any, and (d) any shares of the Company common stock issued or issuable with respect to the PPO Shares, Conversion Shares and Lower Price Shares upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event. The Merger Agreement provided that the Registration Statement may also cover 9% of the total number of shares issued to the former stockholders of Tyme in connection with the Merger. The required filing date of the Registration Statement to avoid the imposition of liquidated damages was extended by an additional 31 days pursuant to the First Omnibus Amendment. 
   
 The Registration Rights Agreement was further modified by the Second Omnibus Amendment to the effect of (x) the holder of all of the PPO/Bridge Note Conversion Registrable Shares agreeing to irrevocably waive any right to damages for the late filing and/or effectiveness of the registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (y) the total number of shares that can be registered by the former Tyme stockholders was increased to 15% of the total number of shares issued to them in connection with the Merger.  
   
  Securities Purchase Agreements  
   
 On February 2, 2016, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, for the aggregate consideration of $3,100,000, before deducting offering costs of $67,718, the Company sold and issued in a private placement an aggregate of: (i) 775,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and (ii) 461,384 common stock purchase warrants.  Each Warrant entitles its holder to purchase one share of common stock at an initial exercise price of $5.00 at any time during the period commencing on February 2, 2016 and terminating on the tenth anniversary of such date.  No registration rights were granted to the purchasers of these shares or warrants. The warrants are included within additional paid-in capital on the statement of stockholders  equity and will not be subject to remeasurement. 
   
  Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies.  
   
  Contract Service Providers  
   
 In the course of the Company s normal business operations, it enters into agreements and arrangements with contract service providers to assist in the performance of its research and development and clinical research activities. Substantially all of these agreements and arrangements are on an as needed basis. 
   
  Employment Agreement  
   
 On March 5, 2015, the Company entered into employment agreements with its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Under these agreements, each of such two executive officers will be entitled to an annual base salary of $450,000 and such performance bonuses as the Company s board of directors may determine, from time to time, in its sole discretion. The base salaries will be reviewed annually (commencing in 2016) by the Company s board of directors; provided that the base salaries may not be decreased from their then current levels due to any board review. The employment agreements each have a term of five years; provided, however, that, commencing on the first anniversary of the dates of the agreements and on each anniversary thereafter, the term shall automatically be extended by one year, such that, at any time during the term of the agreement, the remaining employment term shall never be less than four years and one day. If employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the executive for Good Reason, the executive will be entitled to receive (i) base salary as in effect at the time of such termination to the extent such amount has accrued through the termination date and remains unpaid, (ii) any fully earned and declared but unpaid performance bonus as of the termination date, (iii) an amount equal to the sum of base salary the executive would have received from the date of such termination through the then applicable expiration date, which shall be payable in the same amounts and at the same intervals as if the employment period had not ended and (iv) any unpaid expenses as of the termination date. If the employment is terminated for  Cause,  or in the case of the executive s death or disability, the executive will only be entitled to his base salary through the termination date, plus any accrued and unpaid performance bonus as of the termination date. 

F-16 

The Company entered into a new employment arrangement, set forth in a letter agreement, dated as of January 27, 2016, with its Chief Financial Officer. The new employment arrangement supersedes the prior letter agreement with the officer which was dated as of May 15, 2015. As part of the new employment agreement, as of March 31, 2016, the officer was granted a five year option to purchase up to 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a per share purchase price of $11.00, the closing price of the common stock on the date of the new agreement. One-half of the shares subject to such option vested immediately upon grant and the remaining 100,000 shares subject to the option will vest on July 27, 2016, provided that the officer is still employed by the Company on said vesting date. Pursuant to a prior agreement, the officer also was granted a five-year option to purchase 150,000 shares of Company common stock at $7.75 per share. The option vested with respect to 75,000 shares on November 15, 2015 and the remaining 75,000 shares will vest on May 15, 2016. Vesting is dependent upon the new officer being in the Company s employment on the applicable vesting date. (See Note 10. Equity Incentive Plan   Stock Options and Note 12. Subsequent Events   Stock Option Grants).  The option granted to the officer under the prior agreement has not been terminated and remains exercisable in accordance with its terms. 
   
  Legal Proceedings  
   
 Other than discussed below, the Company is not involved in any legal proceeding that it expects to have a material effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
   
 As described in Note 7. Stockholders  Equity, the Merger Agreement further provided that, if the pre-money valuation on which the raised funds were placed into escrow was less than $200,000,000, or if no money was raised within such five month period, up to 3,500,000 shares of Company common stock were required to be surrendered for cancellation. Such 3,500,000 shares were placed into escrow pursuant to an Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement entered into at the time of Merger Closing (the  Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement ). The date on which the offering funds were required to be placed into escrow was extended under the terms of the Second Omnibus Amendment to November 5, 2015. No offering was consummated, nor were any offering funds placed into escrow by November 5, 2015. On November 10, 2015, the Company advised the escrow agent of such facts and demanded the surrender for cancellation of the 3,500,000 shares placed into escrow under the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement. Under the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement, the depositor of such escrowed shares had until November 18, 2015 to challenge the Company s demand for surrender of the Escrowed Shares. On November 17, 2015, the Company received notice from the depositor of such 3,500,000 shares disputing the grounds for the surrender for cancellation of those shares. Until resolved, by court order or otherwise, the 3,500,000 shares shall remain in escrow. 
   
 On January 19, 2016, the Company filed a complaint against the depositor with the Commercial Division of the Supreme Court of New York, New York and on April 1, 2016, the Company filed an amended complaint, which asserts causes of actions for (i) a declaratory judgment declaring that the relevant contracts require the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares to be released to the Company; (ii) breach of contract for failure to deliver the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares to the Company; (iii) conversion for the depositors willful and malicious interference with the Company s rights to the Adjustment Shares; and (iv) replevin for the escrow agent s refusal to surrender the escrowed Adjustment Shares to the Company. 
   
 On June 20, 2016, the depositor filed their answer and asserted two counterclaims. The first counterclaim alleges that the Company purportedly breached its obligation to allow the depositor to provide additional financing by refusing to allow the depositor to purchase 17,200,000 shares at a price of $1.1626 per share.  The depositor alleges that it was damaged by at least $144,000,000 based upon the differential between the depositor s proposed share purchase price and the then-current market value of the Company s Common stock. The depositor s second counterclaim alleges that the Company purportedly breached its fiduciary duties to the depositor as a stockholder of the Company, by rejecting the depositor s proposed financing described above. The Company believes the depositor s counterclaims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend these claims and seek the return of the 3,500,000 escrowed Adjustment Shares in accordance with the terms set out in the Merger Agreement and the Adjustment Shares Escrow Agreement. The Company moved to dismiss the counterclaims on August 10, 2016, the depositor filed its opposition on September 21, 2016 and the Company filed its reply memorandum of law on October 28, 2016. 
   
  Note 9. Related Party Transactions.  
   
  Due from Stockholders/Members  
   
 Effective as of the consummation of and in anticipation of the Merger, the non-interest bearing advances made to such stockholders/members was settled by the bonus compensation payments of $342,250 payable to such stockholders being retained by the Company in lieu of payment. The balance of $13,516 was settled during March 2015 by personal reimbursement made by the stockholders to the Company. 

F-17 

Sale of Excess Ingredient Materials  
   
 During the three months ending March 31, 2016, Steve Hoffman, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, purchased excess ingredient materials from the Company for a cost of $170,000, which was the pro rata cost of obtaining the items.  The income from this was recorded as an offset to Research and Development expense on the consolidated statement of operations, where the cost of such materials was originally recorded. 
   
  Note 10. Equity Incentive Plan.  
   
 On March 5, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors adopted and the Company s stockholders approved, the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ). A reserve of 10,000,000 shares of Company common stock has been established for issuance under the 2015 Plan. No more than an aggregate of 3,333,333 shares of common stock may be awarded during the twelve months following the 2015 Plan adoption. Awards under the 2015 Plan may include, but need not be limited to, one or more of the following: options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, performance grants, stock bonuses, and any other type of award deemed by the administrator to be consistent with the purposes of the 2015 Plan. The exercise price of all options awarded under the 2015 Plan must be no less than 100% of the fair market value of the Company common stock on the date of the grant and have a term of no greater than ten years from the date of grant. As of March 31, 2016, there were 9,613,630 shares available for grant under the 2015 Plan. 
   
  Stock Options  
   
 As of March 31, 2016, there was $544,232 of total unrecognized compensation related to non-vested stock options. The cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining period of the options which are expected to vest through 2016. 
   
 During the year ended March 31, 2016, $1,623,294 has been recognized as stock based compensation in general and administrative expense. 
   
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options granted. In accordance with ASC 718 for employees, the compensation expense is amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which approximates the vesting period. 
   
 The expected volatility of options granted has been determined using the method described under ASC 718 using the expected volatility of similar companies. The expected term of options granted to employees in the current fiscal period has been based on the contractual term of the agreement as prescribed by ASC 718 Share-Based Payment. 
   
 The assumptions utilized to determine such values are presented in the following table: 

The following is a summary of the status of the Company s stock options as of March 31, 2016: 

F-18 

The intrinsic value is calculated as the excess of the market value of March 31, 2016 over the exercise price of the options. The market value as of March 31, 2016 was $6.05 as reported by the OTC Market, Inc. which is less than the respective exercise prices of the options and therefore no intrinsic value is included in the above table.   
   
  Stock Grants  
   
 On March 10, 2015, the Company adopted an independent director compensation policy and also adopted a compensation policy with respect to a special advisor to the Company s board of directors. Under such independent director compensation policy, each of those directors meeting the NASDAQ stock market definition of independent director is entitled to receive annual compensation in the amount of $100,000, one-half to be paid in cash on a quarterly basis, in arrears, and the remaining one-half of the compensation to be paid in the form of Company common stock on a quarterly basis, in arrears, with the shares valued at the closing sale price of the Company common stock on the last trading day of the applicable quarterly period. The special advisor is being compensated in the same manner as the independent directors. Effective as of September 30, 2015, the Company established a Scientific and Medical Advisory Board, and five individuals were appointed as members of such advisory board and a compensation policy for the advisory board s members, substantially identical to the compensation policy for the Company s independent directors, was adopted.  At the end of 2015, one member of the Scientific and Medical Advisory Board became a full time employee of the Company and is no longer compensated as a member of the advisory board.   
   
 Accordingly, as compensation with respect to the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company issued to its three independent directors, special advisor and five advisory board members an aggregate of 29,122 shares of Company common stock (5,884 shares as of June 30, 2015, 13,239 shares as of September 30, 2015 and 9,999 shares as of December 31, 2015), which were valued at the closing sale price of the Company common stock on the last trading day of each of the quarters ended during 2015 ($8.50 per share with respect to the quarters ended June and September 30, 2015, $11.25 with respect to the quarter ended December 31, 2015 and $6.90 with respect to the quarter ended March 31, 2016). Total stock compensation expense related to these stock grants was $275,000 for the year ended March 31, 2016.  
   
 No shares of Company common stock were issued to its three independent directors, special advisor and advisory board members as compensation for the three months ended March 31, 2016, however, the Company has accrued additional compensation expense totaling $100,000 for the shares to be granted in accordance with the compensation policy. These shares were issued on April 1, 2016. A total of $337,500 of compensation payable to the Board of Directors and Scientific Advisory Board was recorded in accrued liabilities as of March 31, 2016. 
   
  Note 11. Income Taxes.  
   
 The Company provides for income taxes under ASC 740. Under ASC 740, the liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. 
   
 The Company has not recorded a current or deferred income tax expense or benefit since its inception. 
   
 The Company s loss before income taxes was $8,876,507 for the year ended March 31, 2016 and was generated entirely in the United States. 

F-19 

Deferred taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. The significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets are comprised of the following: 

The Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Based on the Company s history of operating losses since inception, the Company has concluded that it is more likely than not that the benefit of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of March 31, 2016. The valuation allowance increased by $3,104,657 for the period ended March 31, 2016 due primarily to the generation of net operating losses during the period and filing in additional jurisdictions. 
   
 A reconciliation of income tax benefit computed at the statutory federal income tax rate to income taxes as reflected in the financial statements is as follows: 

As of March 31, 2016, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of $10,737,408 net of uncertain tax positions, which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities and will begin to expire at various dates starting in 2033. As of March 31, 2016, the Company also had U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards of $18,205,431, net of uncertain tax positions, which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities and will begin to expire at various dates starting in 2033. As of March 31, 2016 the Company had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of $238,449, available to reduce future tax liabilities which will begin to expire at various dates starting in 2030. 
   
 Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the NOL carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. NOL and tax credit carryforwards may become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant shareholders over a three-year period in excess of 50%, as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as well as similar state tax provisions. This could limit the amount of NOLs that the Company can utilize annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. The amount of the annual limitation, if any, will be determined based on the value of the Company immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. The Company has completed several financing transactions since its inception which may have resulted in a change in control as defined by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, or could result in a change in control in the future.  

F-20 

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

As of March 31, 2016, the Company had $331,545 of unrecognized tax benefits, which were offset with the net operating loss and valuation allowance on the consolidated balance sheet.  None of the gross unrecognized tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate at March 31, 2016, if recognized. In addition, the Company did not record any penalties or interest related to uncertain tax positions for the period presented in these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 The Company files income tax returns in the United States, and various state jurisdictions. The federal and state income tax returns are generally subject to tax examinations for the period January 1, 2016 through March 31, 2016, the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the period July 26, 2013 to December 31, 2013.  To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period.   
   
  Note 12. Subsequent Events.  
   
 The Company evaluates events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but prior to the issuance of consolidated financial statements to provide additional evidence relative to certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosure.  
   
  Change in Independent Director Compensation Policy  
   
 On May 9, 2016, the Company amended the independent director compensation policy.  The independent directors will continue to receive $50,000 in cash annually.  Pursuant to the amended compensation policy, the independent directors received an immediate stock option grant of 25,000 shares with an exercise price per share at fair market value ($8.75). Beginning with the Company s 2017 annual meeting, members who are re-elected as members of the Board, will receive an annual stock option grant of 10,000 shares at fair market value.  Each of these stock option awards will vest 50% on the date of grant and 50% on the first anniversary of the date of grant.  These stock option awards are in addition to the annual payment of $50,000 in cash fees for the independent directors.   
   
  Stock Option Grants  
   
 The Company entered into a new employment arrangement, set forth in a letter agreement, dated as of January 27, 2016, with its Chief Financial Officer. The new employment arrangement supersedes the prior letter agreement with the Chief Financial Officer which was dated as of May 15, 2015. As part of the new employment agreement, the officer was granted a five year option to purchase up to 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a per share purchase price of $11.00, the closing price of the common stock on the date of the new agreement. One-half of the shares subject to such option vested immediately upon grant and the remaining 100,000 shares subject to the option will vest on July 27, 2016, provided that the officer is still employed by the Company on said vesting date. The options granted on January 27, 2016 were cancelled on May 9, 2016 upon the issuance of a new award on that date.  The May 9, 2016 award to the Chief Financial Officer provided for an option to purchase 500,000 shares, with the option for 300,000 shares fully vested as of the date of grant and the option for 200,000 shares vesting monthly over a 36 month period.  The exercise price of this option was set at $8.75 per share. 
   
 On May 9, 2016, the board of directors of the Company approved an employment agreement with its Chief Medical Officer. The approved agreement provides for an annual salary of $400,000, a term which expires on October 31, 2016, and severance benefits payable in certain circumstances.  The Board also approved a grant to the Chief Medical Officer of an option to purchase 500,000 shares of common stock vesting over a four-year term on a monthly basis.  The exercise price of this option was set at $8.75 per share. 
   
 On May 9, 2016, each of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officer received an option to purchase 500,000 shares vesting monthly over a 36 month period.  The exercise price of this option was set at $8.75 per share. 

F-21 

Item 6.  Exhibits.  
   
  In reviewing the agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this Transition Report on Form 10-Q, please remember that they are included to provide the reader with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about our Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the applicable agreement and:  

should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate;  

have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the body of the as-filed agreement;  

may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to readers of this Form 10-Q or other investors; and  

were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments.  

Accordingly, such representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about our Company may be found elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and our other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov.  

__________ 
 *  Filed Herewith. 

- 30 - 

SIGNATURES  
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
   
 Dated:  November 7, 2016 

TYME TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 
   /s/ Steve Hoffman 

Steve Hoffman 

President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
   /s/ Robert Dickey IV 

Robert Dickey IV 

Vice-President - Finance and 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

- 31 - 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex_31-1.htm
 RULE 13(A)-14(A)/15(D)-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1  
   
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer  
  Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
   
 I, Steve Hoffman, certify that: 

1. 
   I have reviewed this Transition Report on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2016 of Tyme Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report; 

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November 7, 2016 
   /s/ Steve Hoffman 
  
        Steve Hoffman 
  
        Chief Executive Officer 
  
        (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex_31-2.htm
 RULE 13(A)-14(A)/15(D)-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2  
   
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer  
  Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
   
 I, Robert Dickey IV, certify that: 

1. 
   I have reviewed this Transition Report on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2016 of Tyme Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report; 

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November 7, 2016 
   /s/ Robert Dickey IV 
  
        Robert Dickey IV 
  
        Chief Financial Officer 
  
        (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex_32-1.htm
 RULE 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1  
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
 In connection with this Transition Report on Form 10-Q of Tyme Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) for the periods ended March 31, 2016, to which this Certification is being filed as an exhibit thereto (the  Report ), I, Steve Hoffman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(a) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

(b) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company at and for the periods presented therein. 

Date:  November 7, 2016  

/s/ Steve Hoffman 
  
        Steve Hoffman 
  
        Chief Executive Officer 
  
        (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex_32-2.htm
 RULE 1350 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.2  
   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
 In connection with this Transition Report on Form 10-Q of Tyme Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) for the periods ended March 31, 2016, to which this Certification is being filed as an exhibit thereto (the  Report ), I, Robert Dickey IV, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(a) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

(b) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company at and for the periods presented therein. 

Date:  November 7, 2016  

/s/ Robert Dickey IV 
  
        Robert Dickey IV 
  
        Chief Financial Officer 
  
        (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tymi-20160331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tymi-20160331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tymi-20160331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tymi-20160331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tymi-20160331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tymi-20160331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

