<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1556179_0001144204-16-134289_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1229895</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66821</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>101057</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>209767</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>502342</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>322173</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134289.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114164448
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134289
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RMR Industrials, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001556179
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS SERVICES [7380]
		IRS NUMBER:				460750094
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55402
		FILM NUMBER:		161995541

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9301 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 312
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-492-5010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9301 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 312
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ONLINE YEARBOOK
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120813

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134289.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452718_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

x   
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  

  ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  

  ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from _____________
to _____________ 

Commission file number:   333-185046   

RMR Industrials, Inc.   

 (Name of registrant in its charter) 

Nevada    
        46-0750094     
 
      (State or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      (IRS Employer Identification No.)   

9301 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 312  

  Beverly Hills, CA 90210  

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(310) 492-5010  

 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (ss. 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
       
      Smaller reporting company  x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

As of November 14, 2016, the registrant had 35,785,858 shares
of Class A Common Stock and 1,114,290 shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding. 

RMR INDUSTRIALS, INC.  

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

The statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
that are not historical facts are  forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements may include our statements
regarding our goals, beliefs, strategies, objectives, plan, including product and service developments, future financial conditions,
results or projections or current expectations. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by, among other things, the use
of forward-looking terminology such as  believes,   estimates,   intends,   plan   expects, 
 may,   will,   should,   predicts,   anticipates,   continues,  or
 potential,  or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, and similar expressions are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. We remind readers that forward-looking statements are merely predictions and therefore
inherently subject to uncertainties and other factors and involve known and unknown risks that could cause the actual results,
performance, levels of activity, or our achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results,
performance, levels of activity, or our achievements, or industry results, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Such forward-looking statements appear in Item 2 -  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations,  as well as elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

Our management has included projections and estimates in this
Form 10-Q, which are based primarily on management s experience in the industry, assessments of our results of operations,
discussions and negotiations with third parties and a review of information filed by our competitors with the SEC or otherwise
publicly available.  We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date made.  We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect
events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

Unless otherwise specified or required by context, as used in
this Quarterly Report, the terms  we,   our,   us  and the  Company  refer collectively
to RMR Industrials, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, RMR IP, Inc., United States Talc and Minerals Inc., and RMR Aggregates,
Inc. The term  fiscal year  refers to our fiscal year ending March 31. Unless otherwise indicated, the term  common
stock  refers to shares of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. 

Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars
(US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). 

RMR INDUSTRIALS, INC.  

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
      3   

ITEM 2.  
       MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      4   

ITEM 3.  
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     7  

ITEM 4.  
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
      7   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.  
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      8   

ITEM 1A.  
       RISK FACTORS   
      8   

ITEM 2.  
       UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
      8   

ITEM 3.  
       DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
      8   

ITEM 4.  
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      8   

ITEM 5.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      8   

ITEM 6.  
       EXHIBITS   
      8   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

RMR INDUSTRIALS, INC. 

INDEX TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 September 30, 2016 

RMR Industrials, Inc.  

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

RMR Industrials, Inc.  

 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

RMR Industrials, Inc.  

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

RMR INDUSTRIALS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 September 30, 2016 

NOTE A   FORMATION, CORPORATE CHANGES AND MATERIAL MERGERS
AND ACQUISITIONS 

Online Yearbook was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August
6, 2012. Online Yearbook was a development stage company with the principal business objective of developing and marketing an online
yearbook. 

On November 17, 2014, Rocky Mountain Resource Holdings LLC,
a Nevada limited liability company (the  Purchaser ) became the majority shareholder of Online Yearbook, by acquiring
5,200,000 shares of common stock of Online Yearbook (the  Shares ), or 69.06% of the issued and outstanding shares
of common stock, pursuant to stock purchase agreements with Messrs. El Maraana and Salah Blal. The Shares were acquired for an
aggregate purchase price of $357,670. The Purchaser was the source of the funds used to acquire the Shares. In connection with
Online Yearbook s receipt of approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ), effective December
8, 2014, Online Yearbook amended its Articles of Incorporation to change its name from  Online Yearbook  to  RMR
Industrials, Inc.  

RMR Industrials, Inc. (the  Company  or  RMRI )
seeks to acquire and consolidate complimentary industrial assets. Typically these small to mid-sized assets are the core manufacturer
and supplier of specific bulk commodity minerals and chemicals distributed to the global manufacturer industry. RMRI s consolidation
strategy is to assemble a portfolio of mature and value-add industrial commodities businesses to generate scalable enterprises
with a vast portfolio of products and services addressing a common and stable customer base. 

On February 27, 2015 (the  Closing Date ), the Company
entered into and consummated a merger transaction pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement )
by and among the Company, OLYB Acquisition Corporation, a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( Merger
Sub ) and RMR IP, Inc., a Nevada corporation ( RMR IP ). In accordance with the terms of Merger Agreement, on
the Closing Date, Merger Sub merged with and into RMR IP (the  Merger ), with RMR IP surviving the Merger as our wholly
owned subsidiary. 

RMR IP was formed to acquire and consolidate complimentary industrial
commodity assets through capitalizing on the volatile oil markets, down cycles in commodity markets, and other ancillary opportunities.
RMR IP is focused on managing the supply chain in order to offer a large and diverse set of products and services. 

The Merger Agreement includes customary representations, warranties
and covenants made by the Company, Merger Sub and RMR IP as of specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations
and warranties were made solely for purposes of the Merger Agreement and are not intended to provide factual, business, or financial
information about the Company, Merger Sub and RMR IP. Moreover, some of those representations and warranties (i) may not be accurate
or complete as of any specified date, (ii) may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally
applicable to shareholders or different from what a shareholder might view as material, (iii) may have been used for purposes of
allocating risk among the Company, Merger Sub and RMR IP, rather than establishing matters as facts, and/or (iv) may have been
qualified by certain disclosures not reflected in the Merger Agreement that were made to the other party in connection with the
negotiation of the Merger Agreement and generally were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement. 

For financial reporting purposes, the Merger represents a  reverse
merger  rather than a business combination and RMR IP is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. Consequently,
the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that will be reflected in the Company s future financial statements
will be those of RMR IP. The Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations will be consolidated with the assets,
liabilities and results of operations of RMR IP after consummation of the Merger, and the historical financial statements of the
Company before the Merger will be replaced with the historical financial statements of RMR IP before the Merger in all future filings
with the SEC. 

On March 10, 2015, we formed United States Talc and Minerals
Inc. ( US Talc and Minerals ), incorporated in the State of Nevada as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company for
the purpose of facilitating future acquisitions. 

On July 28, 2016, we formed RMR Aggregates, Inc., a Colorado
corporation ( RMR Aggregates ), as our wholly owned subsidiary. RMR Aggregates was formed to hold assets whose primary
focus is the mining and processing of industrial minerals for the manufacturing, construction and agriculture sectors.  These
minerals include limestone, aggregates, marble, silica, barite and sand. 

Basis of Presentation and Consolidation  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements
for the period ended September 30, 2016 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States for interim financial information in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-X rule 8-03.
The unaudited consolidated financial statements include the financial condition and results of operations of our wholly-owned subsidiary,
US Talc and Minerals, where intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion of management,
the unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements and reflect
all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the financial position as of September
30, 2016 and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended. The financial data and other information disclosed
in these notes to the interim consolidated financial statements related to the period are unaudited. 

NOTE B   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

A summary of significant accounting policies of the Company
is presented to assist in understanding the Company s consolidated financial statements. The accounting policies presented
in these footnotes conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and
have been consistently applied in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. These consolidated financial
statements and notes are representations of the Company s management who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. 

Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ). The unaudited consolidated
financial statements include the financial condition and results of operations of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, US Talc and Minerals
and RMR Aggregates, where intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and
expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
could materially differ from those estimates. Management considers many factors in selecting appropriate financial accounting policies
and controls, and in developing the estimates and assumptions that are used in the preparation of these financial statements. Management
must apply significant judgment in this process. In addition, other factors may affect estimates, including: expected business
and operational changes, sensitivity and volatility associated with the assumptions used in developing estimates, and whether historical
trends are expected to be representative of future trends. The estimation process may yield a range of potentially reasonable estimates
of the ultimate future outcomes and management must select an amount that falls within that range of reasonable estimates. Although
these estimates are based on the Company s knowledge of current events and actions it may undertake in the future, actual
results may ultimately materially differ from those estimated amounts and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial
statements. 

Segment Reporting  

Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise
about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision-maker in making
decisions regarding resource allocation and assessing performance. The Company views its operations and manages its business as
one operating segment. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid securities with original
maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash
of $734,873 and no cash equivalents. The Company may occasionally maintain cash balances in excess of amounts insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ). The amounts are held with major financial institutions and are monitored by
management to mitigate credit risk. 

Deposits  

Deposits consist of a security deposit in connection with an
office lease. 

Other Assets  

Other assets consist of a deposit towards
the acquisition of certain intellectual property rights. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors considered include: 

Significant changes in the operational performance or manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business,   

Significant negative market conditions or economic trends, and   

Significant technological changes or legal factors which may render the asset obsolete.   

The Company evaluated long-lived assets based upon an estimate
of future undiscounted cash flows. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparing the carrying value to the future net
undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying value exceeds
the undiscounted future cash flows estimated to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. Future net undiscounted
cash flows include estimates of future revenues and expenses which are based on projected growth rates. The Company continually
uses judgment when applying these impairment rules to determine the timing of the impairment tests, the undiscounted cash flows
used to assess impairments and the fair value of a potentially impaired asset. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that
could be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. Financial assets are marked to bid prices and financial liabilities are marked to offer prices. Fair
value measurements do not include transaction costs. A fair value hierarchy is used to prioritize the quality and reliability
of the information used to determine fair values. Categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level
of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy is defined into the following three categories: 

- Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities 

 - Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or inputs that are
corroborated by market data 

 - Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by
market data 

Net Loss per Common Share  

Basic net loss per common share is calculated by dividing the
net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, without
consideration for the potentially dilutive effects of converting stock options or restricted stock purchase rights outstanding.
Diluted net loss per common share is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the period and the potential dilutive effects of stock options or restricted stock purchase
rights outstanding during the period determined using the treasury stock method. There are no such anti-dilutive common share equivalents
outstanding as September 30, 2016 which were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per common share. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability
method, which requires, among other things, that deferred income taxes be provided for temporary differences between the tax bases
of the Company's assets and liabilities and their financial statement reported amounts. Under this method, deferred tax assets
and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax
rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

A valuation allowance is recorded by the Company when it is
more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In making such a determination, management
considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected
future taxable income, and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the amount of the valuation allowance.
When the Company establishes or reduces the valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, its provision for income taxes
will increase or decrease, respectively, in the period such determination is made. 

Additionally, the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an
uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing
authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit recognized in the financial statements for a particular
tax position is based on the largest benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. Accordingly, the Company
establishes reserves for uncertain tax positions. The Company has not recognized interest or penalties in its statement of operations
and comprehensive loss since inception. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

The Financial Accounting Standards Board recently issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. The amendments require management to assess an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.
Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every reporting
period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, (4)
require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, (5)
require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for
a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this
Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.
The Company believes the new standard will have no impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ), No. 2016-02, Leases (ASC 842). The new standard requires lessees to apply
a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is
effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on
an effective interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use
asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with
a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases. The standard is effective
for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, with early adoption permitted. The new standard is expected to impact our consolidated
financial statements as we conduct all of our retail sales and corporate operations in leased facilities. The Company is in the
process of evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ),
which amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 outlines principles that govern revenue recognition
at an amount an entity expects to be entitled when products are transferred to customers. ASU 2014-09, which will become effective
for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, may be applied retrospectively for each period presented or retrospectively with the
cumulative effect recognized in the opening retained earnings balance in fiscal year 2018. We are in the process of evaluating
the impact of adopting the new standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE C   GOING CONCERN 

The Company's financial statements are prepared using accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, the Company does not have significant cash
or other current assets, nor does it have an established source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and to allow
it to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s net
loss and working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements for the three months ended September
30, 2016 do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects of the recoverability and classification of assets
or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from uncertainty related to the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The Company may never become profitable, or if it does, it may not be able to sustain profitability on a recurring
basis.  

Under the going concern assumption, an entity is ordinarily
viewed as continuing in business for the foreseeable future with neither the intention nor the necessity of liquidation, ceasing
trading, or seeking protection from creditors pursuant to laws or regulations. Accordingly, assets and liabilities are recorded
on the basis that the entity will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is
dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the business plan and eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

During the next year, the Company s foreseeable cash requirements
will relate to continual development of the operations of its business, maintaining its good standing and making the requisite
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the payment of expenses associated with research and development. The
Company may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital. 

Historically, it has mostly relied upon funds from the sale
of shares of stock and from acquiring loans to finance its operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital through
future public or private offerings of the Company s stock or through loans from private investors, although there can be
no assurance that it will be able to obtain such financing. The Company s failure to do so could have a material and adverse
effect upon it and its shareholders. 

In the past year, the Company funded operations by using cash
proceeds received through the issuance of common stock and proceeds from related party debt. For the coming year, the Company plans
to continue to fund the Company through debt and securities sales and issuances until the company generates enough revenues through
the operations as stated above. 

NOTE D   TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES 

Since inception, the Company accrued $1,868,233 in amounts owed
to related parties for services performed or reimbursement of costs on behalf of the Company. In addition, the Company has accrued
$1,420,000 for unpaid officers  compensation expense in accordance with consulting agreements with our Chief Executive Officer
and President. Under the terms of each consulting agreement, each consultant shall serve as an executive officer to the Company
and receive monthly compensation of $35,000. The consulting agreements may be terminated by either party for breach or upon thirty
days  prior written notice. 

On February 1, 2015, RMR, IP entered into a management services
agreement with Industrial Management LLC ( IM ), to provide services to RMR, IP and affiliated entities, which include
assistance in operational and administrative matters, identifying, analyzing, and structuring growth initiatives, and potential
strategic acquisitions. As compensation for these services, RMR, IP will pay to IM an annual cash management fee in an amount equal
to the greater of 2% of the Company s annual gross revenues or $1,000,000, and a development fee with respect to any capital
project incurred by RMR IP equal to 2% of total project costs. In addition, IM has the option to be assigned all available royalties
from RMR IP s mineral holdings, leases or interests greater than 75% of net revenue interests for all mineral rights or production
of minerals. At IM s sole discretion, it may choose to accept a preferred convertible security with a 15% dividend accruing
quarterly in lieu of cash for some or all of the annual management fee, development fee and royalty assignments. Such preferred
convertible securities shall be convertible into either Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (as applicable) at a conversion
price equal to fifty percent of the market price of the applicable Class B Common Stock on the day prior to the date of issuance.
In addition, these preferred convertible securities are callable for a cash, for a period of six months following the date of issuance;
provided, however, that if called, IM shall have the option to convert the called preferred stock into either Class A Common Stock
or Class B Common Stock (as applicable) at a conversion price equal to sixty-six and two thirds percent of the market price of
the applicable Class B Common Stock on the business day immediately preceding the issuance date of preferred stock, and will include
a blocker provision. In connection with the management services agreement with IM, RMR IP entered into a registration rights agreement
which requires RMR IP to register for resale any securities issued as consideration under the management services agreement. The
registration rights agreements provide for both demand and piggy back registration rights, and requires that IM not transfer any
shares of RMR IP during a 90 day period following the effective date of a registration statement. The registration rights agreement
terminates when the shares held by IM become eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144. 

NOTE E   INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

The Company obtained an Option Agreement ( Option Agreement )
from RMR Holdings, Inc. with the Colorado School of Mines ( CSM ), which grants the Company an exclusive nine month
option period to obtain an exclusive license for any patent rights owned by CSM. On August 25, 2014, CSM entered into the Option
Agreement with the Company for a non-refundable fee of $30,000. Since the Company was in the process of formation, RMR Holdings,
Inc. countersigned the Option Agreement with CSM on behalf of the Company. On October 15, 2014, the Company was incorporated in
Nevada (Note 1) and RMR Holdings, Inc. assigned the Option Agreement to the Company. RMR Holdings, Inc. recorded amortization expense
of $5,625 through October 15, 2014, which represented the elapsed time of holding the option since it was executed. The Company
owed RMR Holdings, Inc. $24,375 which represented the approximate carrying value of RMR Holdings, Inc. at October 15, 2014, for
an exclusive period which was initially set to expire on May 25, 2015, to evaluate CSM s existing patent rights, technology
and market potential. The Option Agreement was amended to extend the evaluation period until October 1, 2016, in exchange for an
advance payment of $2,500 creditable towards a licensing fee. The value of the Option Agreement has been fully amortized over the
term of the exclusivity period. The advance payments towards a licensing fee was capitalized as a progress payment towards the
purchase of an intangible asset. The Company is evaluating commercial opportunities available through licensing arrangements. 

NOTE F   SHAREHOLDERS  DEFICIT 

Reverse Stock Split  

On September 4, 2015, the Company implemented a reverse stock
split of all of its authorized and issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock in ratio of one-for-twenty. All historical
and per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. 

Preferred Stock  

The Company has authorized 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock
for issuance. At September 30, 2016, no preferred stock was issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock  

The Company has authorized 2,100,000,000 shares of common stock
for issuance, including 2,000,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, 100,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock. At September
30, 2016, the Company had 35,785,858 and 1,114,290 shares issued and outstanding of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock,
respectively. 

The holders of Class A Common Stock will have the right to vote
on all matters on which stockholders have the right to vote. The holders of Class B Common Stock will have the right to vote solely
on matters where the vote of such holders is explicitly required under Nevada law.  The holders of Class A Common Stock and
Class B Common stock will have equal distribution rights, provided that distributions in securities shall be made in either identical
securities or securities with similar voting characteristics.  The holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
will be entitled to receive identical per-share consideration upon a merger, conversion or exchange of the Company with another
entity, and will have equal rights upon dissolutions, liquidation or winding-up. 

On June 30, 2016 the Company entered into a subscription agreement
with an accredited investor (the  Purchaser ) to offer and sell 40,000 units of the Company s securities (the  Units )
at $10.00 per Unit for aggregate proceeds of approximately $400,000. Each Unit entitles the Purchaser to one share of Class B Common
Stock of the Company and a warrant to purchase one share of Class B Common Stock at an exercise price of $10.00 with a term of
two years. 

In September 2016, the Company entered into subscription agreements
with accredited investors (the  Purchasers ) to offer and sell 83,333 units of the Company s securities (the  Units )
at $15.00 per Unit for which the Company received $850,000 in initial proceeds and $400,000 in common stock subscribed. Each Unit
entitles the Purchaser to one share of Class B Common Stock of the Company and a warrant to purchase one or one and a half shares
of Class B Common Stock at an exercise price of $15.00 with a term of one year. 

NOTE G   SUBSEQUENT EVENT 

On October 3, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Purchase
Agreement (the  Note Purchase Agreement ) with RMR Aggregates, Inc., a Colorado corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company ( RMR Aggregates ) and Central Valley Administrators Inc., a Nevada corporation ( CVA ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, RMR Aggregates sold to CVA, and CVA purchased from RMR Aggregates, a 10%
promissory note in an aggregate principal amount of $2,250,000 (the  Note ). The Note has a maturity date of October
3, 2018, and accrues interest at a rate of 10% per annum. 

On October 7, 2016, RMR Aggregates entered into an Asset Purchase
Agreement with CalX Minerals, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company ( CalX ). Pursuant to the terms of the Asset
Purchase Agreement, RMR Aggregates agreed to purchase, and CalX agreed to sell, substantially all of the assets associated with
the business of operating the Mid-Continent Limestone Quarry on 41 Bureau of Land Management unpatented placer mining claims in
Garfield County, Colorado, including the mining claims, improvements, access rights, water rights, equipment, inventory, contracts,
permits, certain intellectual property rights, and other tangible and intangible assets associated with the limestone mining operation.
The aggregate purchase price for the CalX assets is $2,827,624, including the assumption by RMR Aggregates of certain assumed liabilities
specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition And Results Of Operations  

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with
our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Forward looking
statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results
or other developments. Forward-looking statements are based upon estimates, forecasts, and assumptions that are inherently subject
to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many
of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual
results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us,
or on our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. 

Overview  

We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 6, 2012
under the name  Online Yearbook  with the principal business objective of developing and marketing online yearbooks
for schools, companies and government agencies. 

On November 17, 2014, Rocky Mountain Resource Holdings, Inc.
( RMRH ) became our majority shareholder by acquiring 5,200,000 shares of our common stock (the  Shares ),
or 69.06% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock, pursuant to stock purchase agreements with Messrs. El Maraana
and Salah Blal, our former officers and directors. The Shares were acquired for an aggregate purchase price of $357,670. 

On December 8, 2014, we changed our name to  RMR Industrials,
Inc.  in connection with the change in our business plan. 

On February 27, 2015 (the  Closing Date ), we entered
into and consummated a merger transaction pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) by and
among the Company, OLYB Acquisition Corporation, a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( Merger
Sub ) and RMR IP, Inc., a Nevada corporation ( RMR IP ). In accordance with the terms of Merger Agreement, on
the Closing Date, Merger Sub merged with and into RMR IP (the  Merger ), with RMR IP surviving the Merger as our wholly
owned subsidiary. Chad Brownstein and Gregory M. Dangler are the directors of the Company and co-owners of RMRH which was the majority
shareholder of the Company prior to the Merger. Additionally, Chad Brownstein and Gregory Dangler were indirect controlling shareholders
and directors of RMR IP prior to the Merger. As such, the Merger was among entities under the common control of Chad Brownstein
and Gregory Dangler. 

On March 10, 2015, we formed United States Talc and Minerals
Inc. ( US Talc and Minerals ), incorporated in the State of Nevada as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company for
the purpose of facilitating future acquisitions. 

On May 11, 2016, our Board of Directors changed our fiscal year
end from September 30 to March 31. 

On July 28, 2016, we formed RMR Aggregates, Inc., a Colorado
corporation ( RMR Aggregates ), as our wholly owned subsidiary. RMR Aggregates was formed to hold assets whose primary
focus is the mining and processing of industrial minerals for the manufacturing, construction and agriculture sectors.  These
minerals include limestone, aggregates, marble, silica, barite and sand. 

We have acquired the rights to certain intellectual property
from the Colorado School of Mines ( CSM ), including issued US patent 7,662,275 and US patent applications 61/946062,
61/941869 and 61/950500 through payment of an advance deposit in accordance with our option agreement with CSM in July 2015. We
currently have the right to market and pursue licensing opportunities with these patents. We are in negotiations to obtain full
title and ownership to the patent rights under the option agreement, which expired on October 1, 2016. Our negotiations are primarily
on the valuation of these patent rights and timing of patent approvals. These patents describe a process to increase oil and gas
production through modified injection processes. Our management views CSM as a highly respected institution which specializes in
industrial minerals technology research and believes that CSM could be a valuable technical resource for future intellectual property
development. 

We plan to develop intellectual property and acquire and consolidate
complementary industrial assets.  Typically these small to mid-sized assets are the core manufacturer and supplier of specific
bulk commodity minerals and chemicals distributed to the global manufacturer industry. Our consolidation strategy is to assemble
a portfolio of mature and value-add industrial commodities businesses to generate scalable enterprises with a large portfolio of
products and services addressing a common and stable customer base. We believe that smaller, legacy-owned industrial companies
will benefit from economies of scale and professional asset allocation. Our acquisition strategy seeks to capitalize on the price
differential between public company and private company valuations, while also providing the platform to access capital markets
and professional management oversight. 

Recent Developments  

On October 7, 2016, RMR Aggregates entered into an Asset Purchase
Agreement with CalX Minerals, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company ( CalX ). Pursuant to the terms of the Asset
Purchase Agreement, RMR Aggregates agreed to purchase, and CalX agreed to sell, substantially all of the assets associated with
the business of operating the Mid-Continent Limestone Quarry on 41 Bureau of Land Management unpatented placer mining claims in
Garfield County, Colorado, including the mining claims, improvements, access rights, water rights, equipment, inventory, contracts,
permits, certain intellectual property rights, and other tangible and intangible assets associated with the limestone mining operation.
The acquisition of the CalX assets will promote the development and implementation of the Company s and RMR Aggregates 
limestone mining operations in Colorado. 

The aggregate purchase price for the CalX assets is $2,827,624,
including the assumption by RMR Aggregates of certain assumed liabilities specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement. The closing
of the acquisition occurred on October 12, 2016. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison of the Three and Six Month Periods Ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015    

Revenues   

We have a limited operational history. We did not generate any
revenues in either period. 

Operating Expenses   

Our operating expenses for the three and
six months ended September 30, 2016 were $988,439 and $1,762,264, respectively. This compares to operating expenses for the three
and six months ended September 30, 2015 of $1,142,468 and 1,679,716, respectively. Operating expenses consisted of consulting services
from related parties, public company costs, personnel and other administrative expenses. The decrease in operating expenses for
the comparative three month periods was due to higher legal fees related to sourcing and development of mergers and acquisition-related
activities occurring in 2015. The increase in our operating expenses for the comparative six month periods was due to higher spending
in consulting and personnel costs. 

Net Loss  

Our net loss for the three and six months ended September 30,
2016 was $989,060 and $1,763,045, respectively. This compares to a net loss for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015
of $1,142,468 and $1,679,716, respectively. The changes in our net loss was due to an increase in our operating expense, as described
above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30, 2016, we had current assets of $734,873,
total current liabilities of $3,900,918 and working capital deficit of $3,166,045. We have incurred an accumulated loss of $5,781,605
since inception. Our independent auditors issued an audit opinion for our financial statements for the six month transition period
ended March 31, 2016, which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern
due to our limited liquidity and our lack of revenues. 

We will be seeking additional capital to execute our business
plan and reach positive cash flow from operations. Our base monthly expenses are $50,000 per month. In order to successfully execute
our business plan, the net proceeds of a $10-20 million offering will be required to finance our planned acquisitions and for general
working capital purposes. 

We do not internally generate adequate cash flows to support
our existing operations. Moreover, the historical and existing capital structure is not adequate to fund our planned growth. Our
current cash requirements are significant due to our business plan which will depend on future acquisitions. We anticipate generating
losses through 2016. We anticipate that we will be able to raise sufficient amounts of working capital in the near term through
debt or equity offerings as may be required to meet short-term obligations. On July 1, 2015, we filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission a registration statement for a public offering of 700,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. Each unit is
comprised of one share of our Class B Common Stock and a warrant to purchase one share of our Class B Common Stock at an initial
exercise price of $12.50. In November 2015, we sold 147,500 units to several accredited investors for $1,475,000 in proceeds under
this offering. 

On March 28, 2016, we issued 10,000 shares of our Class B common
stock valued at $100,000 in accordance with a Loan Settlement Agreement and Release for repayment of $100,000 of outstanding liabilities
owed to an affiliate of the Company. 

On October 3, 2016, we entered into a note purchase agreement
(the  Note Purchase Agreement ) with RMR Aggregates and Central Valley Administrators Inc., a Nevada corporation ( CVA ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement, RMR Aggregates sold to CVA, and CVA purchased from RMR Aggregates, a 10%
promissory note in an aggregate principal amount of $2,250,000 (the  Note ). The Note has a maturity date of October
3, 2018, and accrues interest at a rate of 10% per annum. RMR Aggregates will use the proceeds from the Note for transaction financing,
transaction-related fees and expenses, the CalX acquisition and working capital and general corporate purposes. The obligations
of RMR Aggregates and the Company under the Note Purchase Agreement and Note are secured by a security agreement, a share pledge
agreement and a voting agreement. The Note Purchase Agreement provides, among other things, that CVA shall have a liquidation right
upon an event of default arising from the failure by RMR Aggregates to repay the outstanding principal amount of the Note on the
maturity date, meaning CVA can cause RMR Aggregates to sell its assets until it repays the outstanding amount due under the Note.
RMR Aggregates shall have the right to call the Note at any time at par plus accrued interest thereunder. The Note Purchase Agreement
contains certain covenants and restrictions, including, so long as the Note is outstanding, RMR Aggregates will not incur any indebtedness
other than the Note and subordinated indebtedness in an aggregate amount of up to $1,500,000 or issue any additional shares of
its common stock without CVA s consent. 

On October 7, 2016, we committed to sell 100,000 shares of our
Class B common stock, along with warrants to purchase up to 100,000 shares of our Class B common stock, to certain accredited investors
at a price of $15.00 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of up to $1,500,000. The warrants may be exercised at a price of $15.00
per share, at any time prior to the termination date, which is the earlier of (i) one year from the effective date of the warrants,
or (ii) the date on which our shares are uplisted and traded on either the New York Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ Global Market, the
NASDAQ Capital Market, the NASDAQ Global Select Market or the NYSE MKT. 

During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we sold 123,333
units to accredited investors for which we received approximately $1,249,800 in initial proceeds and $400,000 in common stock subscribed.
Each unit is comprised of one share of our Class B Common Stock and a warrant exercisable to purchase one share of our Class B
Common Stock at an exercise price ranging from $10.00 to $15.00 per share, exercisable over a two (2) year period. 

Other than as stated above, we currently
do not have any arrangements for additional financing and we may not be able to obtain financing when required. Our future is dependent
upon our ability to obtain financing, a successful marketing and promotion program and, further in the future, achieving a profitable
level of operations. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future
cash commitments.   We will require additional funds to maintain our reporting status with the SEC and remain in
good standing with the state of Nevada. There are no assurances that we will be able to raise the required working capital on terms
favorable, or that such working capital will be available on any terms when needed. Any failure to secure additional financing
may force us to modify our business plan. In addition, we cannot be assured of profitability in the future. 

Going Concern  

We have incurred net losses since our inception
on October 15, 2014 through September 30, 2016 totaling $5,781,605 and have completed the preliminary stages of our business plan.  We
anticipate incurring additional losses before realizing any revenues and will depend on additional financing in order to meet our
continuing obligations and ultimately, to attain profitability.  Our ability to obtain additional financing, whether
through the issuance of additional equity or through the assumption of debt, is uncertain.  Accordingly, our independent
auditors  report on our financial statements for the transition period ended March 31, 2016 includes an explanatory paragraph
regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern, including additional information contained in the notes to
our financial statements describing the circumstances leading to this disclosure.  The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty about our ability to continue our business. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

We do not expect the adoption of any recently
issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our net results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

Not Required 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by this report, we conducted
an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is: (i) recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, or persons performing similar
functions as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the fiscal quarter ended September 30,
2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

Not required. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds  

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

None. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

Exhibit  
          Number   

Exhibit  
          Description    
 
      3.1  
       
      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2016).     
 
      3.2  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2015).   
 
      10.1  
       
      Note Purchase Agreement dated October 3, 2016, by and among RMR Aggregates, Inc., Central Valley Administrators Inc., and RMR Industrials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2016)   
 
      10.2  
       
      Promissory Note dated October 3, 2016, by and between RMR Aggregates, Inc. and Central Valley Administrators, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2016)   
 
      10.3  
       
      Security Agreement dated October 3, 2016, by and between RMR Aggregates, Inc. and Central Valley Administrators, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2016)   
 
      10.4  
       
      Share Pledge Agreement dated October 3, 2016, by and between RMR Industrials, Inc. and Central Valley Administrators, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2016)   
 
      10.5  
       
      Voting Agreement dated October 3, 2016, by and between RMR Industrials, Inc. and Central Valley Administrators, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2016)   
 
      10.6  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement to Purchase Class B Common Stock of RMR Industrials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2016)   
 
      10.7  
       
      Form of Warrant to Purchase Class B Common Stock of RMR Industrials, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2016)   
 
      10.8  
       
      Asset Purchase Agreement dated October 7, 2016, by and between CalX Minerals, LLC and RMR Aggregates, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2016)   
 
      10.9  
       
      Transition Services Agreement dated October 7, 2016 by and between Calx Minerals, LLC and RMR Aggregates, Inc. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2016)   

* Filed herewith 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

RMR Industrials, Inc.    

DATED: November 14, 2016  
       By:   
       /s/ Gregory Dangler    

Gregory Dangler   

President and Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452718_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Chad Brownstein, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report of RMR Industrials, Inc. for the period ended September 30,
2016.   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design of operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:     
        /s/ Chad Brownstein    

Chad Brownstein   

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452718_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Gregory Dangler, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report of RMR Industrials, Inc. for the period ended September 30,
2016.   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design of operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
         /s/ Gregory Dangler    

Gregory Dangler   

President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452718_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of RMR
Industrials, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his
knowledge: 

1.  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.   

By:  
        /s/ Chad Brownstein  

Chad Brownstein  

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

November 14, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452718_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of RMR Industrials, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated
below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to his knowledge: 

1.  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.   

By:   
       /s/ Gregory Dangler  

Gregory Dangler  

President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rmri-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rmri-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rmri-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rmri-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rmri-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rmri-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

