<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1440760_0001144204-16-134024_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3430570</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88463</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>213009</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>966390</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1425700</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>660881</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>62</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134024.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114140640
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Network Media, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001440760
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				320251358
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-152579
		FILM NUMBER:		161993535

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 205, BUILDING A
		STREET 2:		NO. 1 TORCH ROAD, HIGH-TECH ZONE
		CITY:			DALIAN,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			116023
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 (411) 3973-1515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 205, BUILDING A
		STREET 2:		NO. 1 TORCH ROAD, HIGH-TECH ZONE
		CITY:			DALIAN,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			116023

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METHA ENERGY SOLUTIONS INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Inscrutor Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080723

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134024.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452896_10-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

or 

For the transition period from ______________ to ______________  

Commission File Number: 333-152579  

CHINA NETWORK MEDIA, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       32-0251358    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   
 
      incorporation or organization)  

+86 (411) 3973-1515  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A  

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x   No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes   x    No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer        (do not check if smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company   x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

  Yes       No   x  

At November 14, 2016, the registrant had 65,830,533 shares of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

CHINA NETWORK MEDIA, INC.  

FORM 10-Q REPORT  

  September
30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    
  Number     
 
        PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
       
      3   

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements.   
       
      3   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
       
      4   
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
       
      13   
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures.   
       
      13   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION    
       
      14   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings.   
       
      14   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors.   
       
      14   
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
       
      14   
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
       
      14   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures.   
       
      14   
 
      Item 5.  
       Other Information.   
       
      14   
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits.   
       
      14   

SIGNATURES    
       
      15   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.    Financial Statements.  

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

China Network Media Inc.  

    Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 (Stated in
US dollars, except for number of shares) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

* The assets of the variable interest
entities (the  VIEs ) can be used to settle obligations of the consolidated entities. Conversely, liabilities recognized
as a result of consolidating these VIEs do not represent additional claims on the Company s general assets (Note 3).  

China Network Media Inc.  

    Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

 (Stated in
US dollars, except for number of shares) 

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

China Network Media Inc.  

    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  For the Periods Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

 (Stated in
US dollars, except for number of shares) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

China Network Media Inc.  

  (Formerly Known As Metha Energy Solutions
Inc.)  

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

  (U.S Dollars unless otherwise noted)  

NOTE 1.     DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION  

China Network Media Inc. (formerly known
as Metha Energy Solutions Inc.) was incorporated on April 18, 2008 under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

Science   Technology World Website
Media Holding Co., Ltd. ( Science   Technology Holding ) was organized under the laws of the British Virgin Island
on February 15, 2011. 

Science   Technology World Website
Media Group Co., Ltd. ( Science   Technology Media ) was organized under the laws of the British Virgin Island
on February 15, 2011 to serve as a holding company for the People's Republic of China (the  PRC ) operations. On September
16, 2011, Science   Technology Media established Science   Technology World Website Hong Kong Media Holding Co., Ltd. ( HK
Science   Technology ) in Hong Kong to serve as an intermediate holding company. 

On January 20, 2012, HK Science and Technology
established Science  Technology World Website Trade (Dalian) Co., Ltd (the  WFOE  or  Science   Technology
Trading ) in the PRC. Its purposes are, among others, a platform for online B2B service. 

HK Science and Technology and the WFOE
are considered foreign investor and foreign invested enterprise respectively under PRC law. As a result, HK Science   Technology
and the WFOE are subject to limitations under PRC law on foreign ownership of Chinese companies. According to the Catalogue of
Industries for Guiding Foreign Investment (2011 Revision) (the  Catalogue ), there are four kinds of industries which
are encouraged, permitted, restricted and prohibited for foreign investment. The primary business of Dalian Tianyi Culture Development
Co., Ltd ( Dalian Tianyi ) and Science   Technology World Network (Dalian) Co., Ltd ( Science   Technology
(Dalian) ) are within the category in which foreign investment is currently restricted. 

On January 21, 2012, the WFOE respectively
entered into a series of agreements with Dalian Tianyi, Science   Technology (Dalian) and their respective shareholders ( Contractual
Arrangements ). The relationship with Dalian Tianyi, Science   Technology (Dalian) and their respective shareholders
are governed by the Contractual Arrangements. The Contractual Arrangements are comprised of a series of agreements, including Exclusive
Technical Consulting Service Agreements and Operating Agreements, through which WFOE has the right to advise, consult, manage and
operate Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian), and collect 85% of their respective net profits. The shareholders
of Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian) have granted WFOE, under the Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase Agreement,
the exclusive right and option to acquire all of their equity interests respectively in Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology
(Dalian). Furthermore, the shareholders of Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian) are under the procedure of pledging
all of their equity interests respectively in Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian) to WFOE under the Exclusive Equity
Interest Pledge Agreement, and through the Exclusive Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, WFOE can collect the remaining 15% of Dalian
Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian) s respective net profits.   

According to the Power of Attorney executed
by the shareholders of Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian), they exclusively authorized WFOE to perform and exercise
any and all of the shareholder s rights in Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian). 

As a result of the Contractual Arrangements,
under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or U.S. GAAP, Science   Technology Media is considered
the primary beneficiary of Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian) ( VIEs ). 

On October 29, 2012, Science   Technology
Media entered into a Share Exchange Agreement by and among (i) Science   Technology Holding, (ii) the principal shareholders
of China Network Media Inc., (iii) China Network Media Inc., (iv) the shareholders of Science  Technology Holding and (v) Science
  Technology Media. 

The acquisition was accounted for as a
 reverse merger,  and Science   Technology Media was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the reverse merger.
Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations that would be reflected in the financial statements prior
to the acquisition would be those of Science  Technology Media and its wholly owned subsidiaries and VIEs, and would be recorded
at the historical cost, and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the acquisition would include the assets,
liabilities and operation of China Network Media Inc., Science   Technology Media and its wholly owned subsidiaries and VIEs
from the closing date of the acquisition. As a result of the issuance of the shares of common stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreement,
a change in control of occurred as a result of the acquisition. 

In connection with the closing of the Exchange
Agreement, ToftApS, China Network Media Inc. principal shareholder, agreed to cancel its 10,000,000 shares of the common stock
that it owned in China Network Media Inc. and to issue 50,000,000 shares to shareholders of Science   Technology Holding, who
acquired a majority interest in China Network Media Inc., in October 2012 for the purpose of the reverse acquisition of Science
  Technology Media. Additionally, the existing officers and directors from China Network Media Inc. resigned from its board
of directors and all officer positions effective immediately after the closing of the reverse merger. Accordingly, China Network
Media Inc. appointed Mr. Jiang Wei, the former major shareholder of Science   Technology Holding as the Chairman of the Board
and appointed Mr. PengHuiAn, the former major shareholder of Science   Technology Holding as the Chief Executive Officer. The
shareholders of Science   Technology Media shareholder were issued common stock of China Network Media Inc. constituting approximately
95.02% of the fully diluted outstanding shares. After the RTO, 52,620,030 common stocks were outstanding. 

China Network Media Inc.  directors
approved the Exchange Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. Simultaneously, the directors of Science   Technology
Media also approved the Exchange Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. 

As a result of the Exchange Agreement,
China Network Media Inc. acquired 100% of the processing and production operations of Science   Technology Media and its subsidiaries,
the business and operations of which now constitutes its primary business and operations. 

On March 19, 2013, the Company submitted
dissolution application for Science   Technology Holding which was approved on April 2, 2013. 

China Network Media Inc., its wholly-owned
subsidiaries and VIEs are collectively referred as  the Company ,  we ,  us ,  our 
for the purposes of these notes. 

We operate a multi-languages
portal website that serves to the technology industry and provide advertising opportunities to the companies through our diverse
business network in China. The Company currently operates its website through different versions in China. 

As our main target, we provide online platform
to business entrepreneurs and corporations with a B2B marketplace that can help our customers: 

Set
their brand image through multiple languages online magazine, online corporate multimedia advertisement, executives interviews,
institutional alliances and flexible membership package that tailor made based on what our customers need;  

Set
up customer s online exhibition to introduce their products to the public, where they have our tailor-made corporate introduction
with 3D product description and factory facilities online show room ;  

Develop
intelligent leisure retirement industry through building a unique international intelligent technology health leisure endowment
industrial district including residential area, holiday resort, spa area etc. ;  

Develop
an e-commercial platform to combine the online sales business with above intelligent leisure district and all the branches over
the world to provide elderly products and also exclusive products provided by our agents;  

B2B
product purchase platform for companies and end-users;  

Online
job opportunity section for corporate clients; and  

Corporate
blogs.  

We currently derive a substantial portion
of our revenues from online advertising membership services. Our advertising membership solutions present corporate users with
attractive opportunities to combine the visual impact and engagement of traditional television-like multimedia advertisements and
online magazines with the interactivity and precise targeting capabilities of the Internet. We strive to promote a novel and unique
advertising environment on our website to attract technology enterprises. 

NOTE 2.     GOING
CONCERN AND LIQUIDITY  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company currently has limited
revenue and has accumulated deficit of $917,905 and $1,023,818 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and net income of
$128,489 and $544,291 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition, the company had a negative
cash flow from operating activities for nine months ended September 30, 2016. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to fund continuing operations through new financing from
related parties and equity financing arrangements. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability
to meet its obligations, to obtain additional financing as may be required until 2017 when it can generate sources of recurring
revenues and to ultimately attain profitability. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The principal sources of liquidity are
cash and cash equivalents, loans from shareholders, as well as the cash flows generated from our operations. 

As of September
30, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $73,410. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had cash and
cash equivalents of approximately  $ 482,421. Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand,
deposits in banks with maturities of three months or less, and all highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal
or use, and which have original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.  

The Company believes that receivables due
from related parties will be collected in near future. Therefore, the cash and cash equivalents combined with proceeds that it
expects to generate from operating activities and receivables collected from related parties are sufficient to meet anticipated
working capital needs, commitments and capital expenditures over the next twelve months. It may, however, require additional cash
resources due to changes in business conditions and other future developments, or changes in general economic conditions. 

NOTE 3.      VARIABLE
INTEREST ENTITIES  

To satisfy PRC laws and regulations, the
Company conducts certain business in the PRC through its VIEs. 

The significant terms of the VIE Agreements
are summarized below: 

Exclusive Technical Consulting Service
Agreement:   During the term of this Agreement, Science   Technology Trading shall provide the following technical consulting
services to Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian) in accordance with this Agreement: (i) Provision of advanced management
skills to offer a framework for the construction of a new management platform; (ii) Provision of technology information and materials
related to Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian) s business development and operation. The content of the technology
information and documents may be enhanced or diminished during the performance of this Agreement and upon mutual agreement to address
each Party s requirements; and (iii) Training of technical and managerial personnel for Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology
(Dalian) and provision of required training documents. Science   Technology Trading will send technologists and managerial
personnel to Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian) to provide related technology and training services as necessary.
Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian) hereby agrees to accept the technical consulting services provided by Science
  Technology Trading. Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian) further agrees that, during the term of this Agreement,
it shall not accept technical consulting and services from any other party without the prior written consent of Science   Technology
Trading. Science   Technology Trading shall be the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title and interests to any and all
intellectual property rights arising from the performance of this Agreement, including but not limited to, copyrights, patent,
know-how and commercial secrets, whether such intellectual property is developed by Science   Technology Trading or Dalian
Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian). 

Exclusive Equity Interest Purchase
Agreement:   Under the Exclusive Option Agreements entered into by and among Science   Technology Trading, each of the
PRC Shareholders irrevocably granted to Science   Technology Trading the exclusive right to purchase or designate one or more
persons to purchase all or any portion of the Equity Interest from the PRC Shareholders subject to compliance with legal restrictions
under applicable PRC laws. The PRC Shareholders shall not sell or transfer all or any portion of the Equity Interest to any party
other than Science   Technology Trading and/or the Specified Person. 

Equity Interest Pledge Agreement:
  Under the Equity Pledge Agreements entered into by and among Science  Technology Trading, the PRC Operating Entities
and each of the PRC Shareholders, the PRC Shareholders pledged all of their equity interests in the PRC Operating Entities as security
to ensure that Science  Technology Trading collects the Consulting Fee under the Service Agreement. The Pledge shall be effective
as of the date that the Pledge is recorded in the register of shareholders of Dalian Tianyi and Science   Technology (Dalian)
and shall remain effective so long as this Agreement remains in effect. During the Term of the Pledge, Science  Technology
Trading shall be entitled to foreclose on the Pledge in accordance with this Agreement in the event that Dalian Tianyi and Science
  Technology (Dalian) fail to pay the Consulting Fees in accordance with the Service Agreement. Science  Technology Trading
shall be entitled to exercise, dispose of or assign the Pledge in accordance with this Agreement. 

Powers of Attorney:   The PRC
Shareholders have each executed an irrevocable power of attorney to appoint Science  Technology Trading as their sole representative
with full authority to perform and exercise any and all shareholder s rights associated with the Equity Interest, including
but not limited to, the right to attend shareholders  meetings, the right to execute shareholders  resolutions, the
right to sell, assign, transfer or pledge any or all of the Equity Interest and the right to vote the Equity Interest for all matters,
including but not limited to, the appointment of legal representatives, board members, executive directors, inspectors, chief managers
and other senior management officers and the submission of all the Company s related documentations to the competent authorities.
The term of each power of attorney is valid so long as such shareholder is a shareholder of the respective PRC Operating Entity. 

As a result of these VIE Agreements, the
Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Science  Technology Trading, was granted with unconstrained decision making rights
and power over key strategic and operational functions that would significantly impact the PRC Operating Entities or the VIEs 
economic performance, which includes, but is not limited to, the development and execution of the overall business strategy; important
and material decision making; decision making for merger and acquisition targets and execution of merger and acquisition plans;
business partnership strategy development and execution; government liaison; operation management and review; and human resources
recruitment and compensation and incentive strategy development and execution. Science  Technology Trading also provides comprehensive
services to the VIEs for their daily operations, such as operational technical support, OA technical support, accounting support,
general administration support and technical support for products and services. As a result of the Exclusive Business Cooperation
Agreements, the Equity Pledge Agreements and the Exclusive Option Agreements, the Company will bear all of the VIEs  operating
costs in exchange for 100% of the net income of the VIEs. Under these agreements, the Company has the absolute and exclusive right
to enjoy economic benefits similar to equity ownership through the VIE Agreements with our PRC Operating Entities and their shareholders. 

These contractual arrangements may not
be as effective in providing the Company with control over the VIEs as direct ownership. Due to its VIE structure, the Company
has to rely on contractual rights to effect control and management of the VIEs, which exposes it to the risk of potential breach
of contract by the shareholders of the VIEs for a number of reasons. For example, their interests as shareholders of the VIEs and
the interests of the Company may conflict and the Company may fail to resolve such conflicts; the shareholders may believe that
breaching the contracts will lead to greater economic benefit for them; or the shareholders may otherwise act in bad faith. If
any of the foregoing were to happen, the Company may have to rely on legal or arbitral proceedings to enforce its contractual rights,
including specific performance or injunctive relief, and claiming damages. Such arbitral and legal proceedings may cost substantial
financial and other resources, and result in a disruption of its business, and the Company cannot assure that the outcome will
be in its favor. Apart from the above risks, there are no significant judgments or assumptions regarding enforceability of the
contracts. 

In addition, as all of these contractual
arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through either arbitration or litigation in the
PRC, they would be interpreted in accordance with PRC law and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures.
The legal environment in the PRC is not as developed as in other jurisdictions, such as the United States. As a result, uncertainties
in the PRC legal system could further limit the Company s ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. Furthermore,
these contracts may not be enforceable in China if PRC government authorities or courts take a view that such contracts contravene
PRC laws and regulations or are otherwise not enforceable for public policy reasons. In the event the Company is unable to enforce
these contractual arrangements, it may not be able to exert effective control over the VIEs, and its ability to conduct its business
may be materially and adversely affected. 

The assets of the VIEs can be used to settle
obligations of the consolidated entities. Conversely, liabilities recognized as a result of consolidating these VIEs do not represent
additional claims on the Company s general assets. 

Most of our operations are conducted through
our affiliated companies which the Company controls through contractual agreements in the form of VIEs. Current regulations in
China permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of its accumulated distributable profits, if any, determined
in accordance with their articles of association and PRC accounting standards and regulations. The ability of these Chinese affiliates
to make dividends and other payments to us may be restricted by factors that include changes in applicable foreign exchange and
other laws and regulations. 

A.    Under
PRC law, our subsidiary may only pay dividends after 10% of its after-tax profits have been set aside as reserve funds, unless
such reserves have reached at least 50% of its registered capital. Such cash reserve may not be distributed as cash dividends.  

B.    The
PRC Income Tax Law also imposes a 10% withholding income tax on dividends generated on or after January 1, 2008 and distributed
by a resident enterprise to its foreign investors, if such foreign investors are considered as non-resident enterprise without
any establishment or place within China or if the received dividends have no connection with such foreign investors  establishment
or place within China, unless such foreign investors  jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides
for a different withholding arrangement.  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has
no plan for distribution of retained earnings. 

The following financial statement amounts
and balances of the VIEs were included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the nine months and
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively:  

All of our current revenue is generated
in PRC currency Renminbi ( RMB ). Any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability to use net revenues
generated in RMB to make dividends or other payments in U.S. dollars or fund possible business activities outside China. 

Foreign currency exchange regulation in
China is primarily governed by the following rules: 

Administration
Rules of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange (1996), or the Administration Rules.  

Under the Administration Rules, RMB is
freely convertible for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service related
foreign exchange transactions, but not for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans, repatriation of investments
and investments in securities outside of China, unless the prior approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange ( SAFE )
is obtained and prior registration with the SAFE is made. Foreign-invested enterprises like ours that need foreign exchange for
the distribution of profits to their shareholders may affect payment from their foreign exchange accounts or purchase and pay foreign
exchange rates at the designated foreign exchange banks to their foreign shareholders by producing board resolutions for such profit
distribution. Based on their needs, foreign-invested enterprises are permitted to open foreign exchange settlement accounts for
current account receipts and payments of foreign exchange along with specialized accounts for capital account receipts and payments
of foreign exchange at certain designated foreign exchange banks. 

NOTE 4.     SUMMARIES
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

a.      Basis
of preparation   

The accompanying consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31, 2015, which has been derived from audited financial statements, and the unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the nine months and three months periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been
prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Certain information
and footnote disclosures, which are normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP), have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although we
believe that the disclosures made are adequate to provide for fair presentation. The interim financial information should be read
in conjunction with the Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, previously filed with the SEC. 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments
(which include normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present a fair statement of the Company s consolidated financial
position as of September 30, 2016, its consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the nine months and three months periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as applicable, have been made. The interim results of operations are not necessarily indicative
of the operating results for the full fiscal year or any future periods. 

b.      Principles
of consolidation   

The consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and VIEs. Upon consolidation, all balances and transactions
between the Company and its subsidiaries and VIEs have been eliminated. 

c.      Use
of estimates   

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management makes these estimates using the best information
available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant items subject
to such estimates and assumptions include valuation allowances for receivables and recoverability of carrying amount and the estimated
useful lives of long-lived assets. 

d.      Cash
and cash equivalents   

Cash and cash equivalents include cash
on hand, cash on deposit with various financial institutions in PRC and all highly-liquid investments with original maturities
of three months or less at the time of purchase. Cash accounts are not insured or otherwise protected. Should any bank or trust
company holding cash deposits become insolvent, or if the Company is otherwise unable to withdraw funds, the Company would lose
the cash on deposits with that particular bank or other financial institutions. 

e.      Property
and equipment   

Property and equipment mainly comprise
computer equipment, hardware and office furniture. Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation with
no residual value. 

Depreciation for financial reporting purposes
is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets: 

Office and other equipment  
      5 years   

Computers  
      3 years   

Depreciation expense is allocated among Research
and development expenses, Selling and marketing expenses and General and administrative expenses. 

When office equipment and electronic
devices are retired or otherwise disposed of, resulting gain or loss is included in net income or loss in the year
of disposition for the difference between the net book value and proceeds received thereon.  Maintenance and
repairs which do not improve or extend the expected useful lives of the assets are charged to expenses as incurred. 

f.      Impairment
of long-lived assets   

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  Recoverability
of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated undiscounted
future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.  If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future
undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and its
fair value. There were no impairment losses for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

g.      Revenue
recognition   

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance
with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition . Revenues are recognized when the four of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the service has been rendered, (iii) the fees are fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability
is reasonably assured. The recognition of revenue involves certain management judgments. The amount and timing of our revenues
could be materially different for any period if management made different judgments or utilized different estimates. 

Online Membership Revenue   

Online membership revenue includes revenue
from members for brand advertising services as well as others services. 

The Company has the arrangements with nonrefundable
up-front fees model ( the Model ) to recognize revenue for the online membership business. We apply the Model, where
a contract is signed to establish a fixed price for our services to be provided for a period of time as a membership enrollment,
for a majority of our online membership revenue. Revenue is recognized ratably over the membership periods on a straight line basis,
unless evidence suggests that the revenue is earned or obligations are fulfilled in a different pattern, over the contractual term
of the arrangement or the expected period during which those specified services will be performed, whichever is longer. The Company
provides advertisement placements to our advertising customers on our different Website channels and in different formats, which
can include, among other things, banners, links, logos, buttons, rich media, pre-roll and post-roll video screens, pause video
screens and content integration, as specified in the contracts with the members. The members can choose various on line services
from the membership contracts based on their yearly membership. 

The Company recognizes revenue when all
revenue recognition criteria are met. 

h.      Related
parties   

A party is considered to be related to
the Company if the party directly or indirectly or through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with the Company. Related parties also include principal owners of the Company, its management, members of the immediate
families of principal owners of the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls
or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties
might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. A party which can significantly influence the management or
operating policies of the transacting parties or if it has an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly
influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests is also a related party. 

i.      Earnings
(loss) per share   

Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed
by dividing income attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for all periods.
Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number
of shares outstanding, increased by common stock equivalents. Common stock equivalents represent incremental shares issuable upon
exercise of outstanding warrants. However, potential common shares are not included in the denominator of the diluted loss per
share calculation when inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive, such as in a period in which a net loss is recorded. 

j.      Foreign
currency transactions and translations   

An entity s functional currency is
the currency of the primary economic environment in which it operates, normally that is the currency of the environment in which
the entity primarily generates and expends cash. Management s judgment is essential to determine the functional currency
by assessing various indicators, such as cash flows, sales price and market, expenses, financing and inter-company transactions
and arrangements. The reporting currency of the Company is United States dollars ( U.S. dollars  or  $ ),
and the functional currency of HK Science   Technology is Hong Kong dollars ( HK dollar ). The functional currency
of the Company s PRC subsidiary and VIEs is the RMB, and PRC is the primary economic environment in which the Company operates.
The reporting currency of these consolidated financial statements is U.S. dollars. 

For financial reporting purposes, the financial
statements of the Company s PRC subsidiary and VIEs, which are prepared using the RMB, are translated into the Company s
reporting currency, U.S. dollars. The financial statements of HK Science   Technology, which are prepared using the HK dollar,
are translated into the Company s reporting currency, U.S. dollars. Assets and liabilities are translated using the exchange
rate at each balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated using average rates prevailing during each reporting period,
and shareholders' equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation are recorded as
a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income in owners  equity. 

Transactions denominated in currencies
other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of
the transactions. The resulting exchange differences are included in the determination of net income (loss) of the consolidated
financial statements for the respective periods. 

The exchange rates used for foreign currency
translation were as follows: 

No representation is made that the RMB
amounts could have been, or could be, converted into U.S. dollars at the rates used in translation. 

Translations
adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the shareholder s equity
were $78,076 at September 30, 2016 and  $68,167  at December 31, 2015, respectively.  

k.      Fair
Value Measurements   

The Company applies
the provisions of ASC Subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements, for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities
and for fair value measurements of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements.
ASC 820 also establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. 

Fair value is
defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or
permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact
and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. 

ASC 820 establishes
a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives
the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and
the lowest priority to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair
value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level
1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.  

Level
2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that
are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.  

Level
3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value.  

There were no transfers between level 1,
level 2 or level 3 measurements for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016 the Company used
Level 3 to measure the fair value of the shares that the Company issued to employees and part-time consultants for the service
rendered. As the Company s shares were still not active on OTCBB, no quoted price for those shares.  

The carrying values of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, including accounts receivables, other current assets, and accrued expenses and other current
liabilities, are a reasonable estimate of fair value because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments
and their expected realization and if applicable, their stated interest rate approximates current rates available. 

l.      Share-Based
Compensation   

Pursuant to ASC Topic 718,  Compensation
- Stock Compensation , the Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of stock-based compensation
based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The cost is recognized over the requisite service period, except for awards granted
to employees for past services, which are fully expensed by the grant date. 

m.      Recently
adopted accounting pronouncements   

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue
arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendment in this update defers
the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year to annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption
is permitted as of the original effective date, interim and annual reporting periods after December 15, 2016. Entities have the
option of using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt ASU 2014-09. In April and May 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. These new standards will identify performance obligations.
The Company is currently evaluating the effect of these new standards, including the transition method, to determine the impact
on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842), aimed at making leasing activities more transparent and comparable. The new standard requires substantially
all leases be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, including
today s operating leases. For public business entities, the standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the standard is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Early application
is permitted for all entities. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In March, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  This update was issued as part of a simplification effort
for the accounting of share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial condition, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We do not believe other recently issued
but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the consolidated financial position,
statements of operations and cash flows. 

NOTE 5.     EARNINGS
PER SHARE  

The FASB s accounting standard for
earnings per share requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology
used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available
to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into
account the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted
into common stock. The Company has no potential dilutive securities as of September 30, 2016. 

The following is a reconciliation of the
basic and diluted earnings per share computations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively:  

NOTE 6.     CONCENTRATION
OF RISK  

Credit risk   

Financial instruments that potentially
expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and related parties receivables. 

The Company places its cash and cash equivalents
with financial institutions, which management believes are of high-credit ratings and quality. 

The related parties receivables are regularly
monitored and an impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date based on the payment history and financial position of
related parties. 

The Company conducts credit evaluations
of customers and generally does not require collateral or other security from its customers. The Company establishes an allowance
for doubtful accounts primarily based upon the age of the receivables and factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers. 

Concentration of customers and suppliers   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, two customers accounted for 71% and 26% of the Company s sales, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, three customers accounted for 40%, 14% and 14% of the Company s sales, respectively. Except for the afore-mentioned
customers, there was no other single customer who accounted for more than 10% of the Company s sales for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, one customer accounted for 97% of the Company s sales. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, one customer
accounted for 59% of the Company s sales, respectively. Except for the afore-mentioned customers, there was no other single
customer who accounted for more than 10% of the Company s sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

For the nine months and three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, there was no supplier who accounted for more than 10% of the Company s purchases. 

As of September 30, 2016 two customers
accounted for 61% and 31% of due from related parties. As of December 31, 2015 there was no customer who accounted for more than
10% of the Company s due from related parties. 

NOTE 7.           PREPAID
EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, prepayment and other current assets consist of: 

Prepayment to advertisement and internet
resources providers consists of the deposits required by and made to the telecommunication platform operators for using their network
services. 

NOTE
8.     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

Property and equipment consists of network
equipment and servers used for hosting Company s website and furniture, equipment and computers used in the office. 

Property and equipment consists of the
following: 

Depreciation expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $7,018 and $14,429, respectively. Depreciation expense for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 were $3,336 and $2,422, respectively.   

NOTE
9.     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

For the nine and three months periods of
September 30, 2016 the Company derived revenue from Science   Technology Network Business (Dalian) Co., Ltd and Science  
Technology Healthy Industry (Dalian) Co., Ltd, related companies owned by the Chairman, Mr. Jiang Wei as below:. 

The services that the company provided
were the same as they provide to third parties. And the price was established according to the company s principle which
consists with third parties. 

For the nine and three months of September
30, 2016 the Company paid Science   Technology Network Business (Dalian) Co., Ltd $30,598 and $0 for the website upgrading. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 the Company had balances due from (due to) related parties as below: 

These receivables were for the services the Company provided
to these two related party companies. $229,378 due from Science   Technology Network Business (Dalian) Co., Ltd. has been collected
subsequently till the filing of this report, and $229,378 due from Science   Technology Healthy Industry (Dalian) Co., Ltd.
has been collected subsequently till the filing of this report. 

This receivable was due on demand, non-interest bearing and
has no maturity date. All of this amount has been collected subsequently till the filing of this document. 

This payable is due on demand, is non-interest
bearing and has no maturity date. 

NOTE
10.     DEFERRED REVENUE  

Deferred revenue represents customer payments
made in advance for membership contracts while services have not been fully provided. Membership contracts are typically billed
on full basis in advance and revenue is recognized ratably over the membership period. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, deferred revenue consisted of the following: 

NOTE
11.     OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES  

Other current liabilities consist of the
following: 

NOTE
12.        TAXATION  

A)    Income
Tax  

Science   Technology Trading and our
combined VIEs are established in Dalian, Province, PRC, and governed by the Income Tax Law of the PRC concerning privately-held
enterprises, which are generally subject to tax at a statutory rate of 25% on income reported in the statutory financial statements
after appropriate tax adjustments in 2016 and 2015. 

The effective tax rate for the Company
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 47% and 26% respectively. 

A reconciliation of the provision for income
taxes determined at the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to the Company s effective income tax rate is as follows:  

The effective tax rate for the Company
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 32% and 19% respectively. 

A reconciliation of the provision for income
taxes determined at the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to the Company s effective income tax rate is as follows:  

Realization of the net deferred tax assets
is dependent on factors including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and adequate future taxable income,
exclusive of reversing deductible temporary differences and tax loss or credit carry forwards. The Company evaluates the potential
realization of deferred tax assets on an entity-by-entity basis. As of September 30, 2016, valuation allowances were provided against
deferred tax assets in entities where it was determined it was more likely than not that the benefits of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The Company had deferred tax assets which consisted of tax loss carry-forwards, which can be carried forward
to offset future taxable income for five years from the year the loss occurred. The management determines it is more likely than
not that these deferred tax assets could not be recognized, so full allowances were provided as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. 

B)    Value
Added Tax and relevant surcharge  

Revenue of our membership and advertising
planning services are subject to 6% value added tax ( VAT ) and 0.72% total surcharge of the gross service income for
the business incurred on and after November 1, 2013.  

The Company pays the VAT when the invoices
are issued to customers and estimates the income tax as the full received amounts had been recognized as revenue. 

NOTE
13.     STATUTORY RESERVES  

As stipulated by the laws and regulations
for enterprises operating in PRC, the subsidiaries of the Company are required to make annual appropriations to a statutory surplus
reserve fund. Specifically, the subsidiaries of the Company are required to allocate 10% of their profits after taxes, as determined
in accordance with the PRC accounting standards applicable to the subsidiaries of the Company, to a statutory surplus reserve until
such reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital of the subsidiaries of the Company. The Company can use the statutory surplus
reserve to offset deficits, expand its plant or increase capital when and only when the reserve balance exceeds 50% of the registered
capital, and the amount capitalized should be limited to 50% of the statutory surplus reserve. The Company appropriated statutory
surplus of $22,576 and $0 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 14.     SHARES
GRANTED AND ISSUED TO EMPLOYEES  

On February 10, 2015, the Company determined
to grant equity awards of 429,200 shares to 2 part-time consultants and 46 employees for the services rendered. The total fair
value of these shares at the date of grant was estimated to be $21,224. 

On November 27, 2015, the Company determined
to grant equity awards of 75,000 shares to one part-time consultant for the services rendered. The total fair value of these shares
at the date of grant was estimated to be $3,709. 

On April 19, 2016, the Company grants equity
awards of shares of common stock to employees for the services rendered. The total fair value of these shares at the date of grant
was $7,467. 

The fair value of the shares granted was
$0.04945 per share calculated through the application of an income approach to evaluate the future value of the operation into
a present market value. This method eliminates the discrepancy in time value of money by using a discount rate to reflect all business
risks including intrinsic and extrinsic uncertainties in relation to the operation. 

Major assumptions used for measuring the
fair value as follow: 

It is assumed that there will be no material change in the existing political, legal, technological, fiscal or economic condition which may adversely affect the business of the Company;   

The Company will adhere to the terms that bond with the contracts and agreements;   

The Company s competitive advantages and disadvantages will not change significantly during the period.   

NOTE 15.     COMMITMENTS  

The Company s
operating lease commitment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $22,675 and $17,121, respectively. The unpaid contract
amount is expected to be paid in one year. 

NOTE 16.     SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS  

Except disclosed in
Note 9, there were no any significant events occurred subsequent to the balance sheet date but prior to the filing of this report
that would have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q and
other reports filed by China Network Media, Inc. ( we,   us,   our,  or the  Company )
from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) contain or may contain forward-looking
statements (collectively the  Filings ) and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available
to, the Company s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Company s management. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof.
When used in the filings, the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect, 
 future,   intend,   plan,  or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they
relate to the Company or the Company s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current
view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors. Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned.  

Although the Company believes that the
expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of
activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States,
the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.  

Our financial statements are prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). These accounting principles
require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments, and assumptions upon
which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments, and assumptions
are made. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date
of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Our financial
statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results. In many cases,
the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management s judgment
in its application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative would not
produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements
and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.  

Overview  

We operate a multi-lingual portal website
that offers advertising opportunities, technical support, and industrial information and community functions to science and technology
companies and entrepreneurs in China. We conduct our business through our variable interest entities Dalian Tianyi Culture Development
Co., Ltd., a PRC limited company ( Dalian Tianyi ) and Science   Technology World Network (Dalian) Co., Ltd., a
PRC limited company ( Science   Technology Network ) in China, which we control through a series of contractual
arrangements. 

Our website has 28 domestic channels featuring
different regions in greater China area and two user interactive and information sharing platforms bulletin board system (BBS)
and Blog and, is available in three languages Chinese, English and Japanese. 

Build brand image through multiple languages online magazines, online corporate multimedia advertisement, executives  interviews, institutional alliances and flexible membership package that are tailored to each business  needs.   

Showcase products to the public, through our customer-made corporate and factory facilities online show room;   

Develop intelligent leisure retirement industry through building a unique international intelligent technology health leisure endowment industrial district including residential area, holiday resort, spa area etc. ;   

Develop an e-commercial platform to combine the online sales business with above intelligent leisure district and all the branches over the world to provide elderly products and also exclusive products provided by our agents;   

Host product purchase for businesses and end-users;   

Publish job openings and seek talents for corporate clients; and   

Post corporate blogs;   

We currently derive a substantial portion
of our revenues from online advertising services. Our advertising solutions present corporate users with attractive opportunities
to combine the visual impact of traditional television-like multimedia advertisements and online magazines with the interactivity
and precise targeting capabilities of the Internet. 

In 2016, we updated our website, in order
to provide a docking port to e-commercial platforms. After the revision, we can derive part of our revenues from providing advertisement
and also receive commission for the services we provided to those e-commercial platforms. We invested in an electronic commerce
platform in 2016 in order to derive online sales business with our accumulated users  database. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Management
Estimates  

Please refer to Financial Statements Note
4. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

The following table shows key components
of the results of operations during three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Revenue   

Total revenue was $221,219 for three months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $448,151 for the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease in total revenues from the three
months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $226,932 or 51%. The decrease was mainly due to
decreases in online revenue from third parties in 2016. 

Costs and Expenses   

Cost of revenue  

Total cost of revenues was $56,547 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $44,308 for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in cost of revenues
from the three months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $12,239, or 28%. The main increase
in cost of revenues was mainly a result of increase in labor cost due to more employees hired for our platform maintenance after
our platform was updated in the first half year. 

Operating Expenses   

Total operating expenses were $64,797 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $85,712 for the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease in operating
expenses from the three months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $20,915, or 24%. The decrease
was mainly due to decrease of general and administrative expenses of $23,210 offsetting by increase of research and development
expenses of $1,744, and selling expenses of $551. 

Research and Development Expenses  

Research and development expenses mainly
consist of personnel-related expenses incurred for costs associated with new research in new products and services, development
and enhancement of existing products and services, and enhancement of our websites, which mainly include the development costs
of online advertisement and maintenance costs after the website is available for marketing. 

Research and development expenses were
$10,655 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $8,921 for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in
research and development expenses from the three months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016 was
$1,744, or 20%. The increase was mainly related to increase in salary and benefits expenses. 

Selling and Marketing Expenses  

Selling and marketing expenses mainly consist
of advertising and promotional expenditures, salary and benefits expenses, sales commissions and travel expenses. 

Selling and marketing expenses were $1,134
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $583 for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in selling and
marketing expenses from the three months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $551, or 95%. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

General and administrative expenses mainly
consist of salary and benefits expenses, professional service fees, and website hosting service fee, and office rental expenses. 

General and administrative expenses were
$52,998 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $76,208 for the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease in
general and administrative expenses from the three months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016
was $23,210, or 30%. The decreases were mainly due to a decrease of salary and benefit expenses. 

Income from Operations   

As a result of the foregoing, our operating
income was $99,875 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to income of $318,131 for the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

Other Income   

Other income was $3,328 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $25 for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase of other income was mainly derived
from subsidy income in 2016.  

Income Tax Expense   

Income tax expense was $33,509 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $61,738 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Income   

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, we had net income of $69,694, compared to $256,418 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Comparison for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

The following table shows key components
of the results of operations during nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Revenue   

Total revenues were $843,713 for nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,236,812 for the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease in total revenues from the
nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $393,099 or 32%. The decrease was mainly attributable
to the decreases in online members in 2016. 

Costs and Expenses   

Cost of revenue  

Total cost of revenues was $179,443 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $145,669 for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in cost of revenues
from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $33,774, or 23%. The main increase
in cost of revenues was mainly a result of increase in labor cost due to more employees hired for our platform maintenance. 

Operating Expenses   

Total operating expenses were $388,063
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $364,517 for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in operating
expenses from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $23,546 or 6%. The increase
was mainly attributable to increase of research and development expenses of $34,805, increase of selling expenses of $2,510 and
offsetting by decrease of general and administrative expenses of $13,769. 

Research and Development Expenses  

Research and development expenses mainly
consist of personnel-related expenses incurred for costs associated with new research in new products and services, development
and enhancement of existing products and services, and enhancement of our websites, which mainly include the development costs
of online advertisement and maintenance costs after the website is available for marketing. 

Research and development expenses were
$60,678 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $25,873 for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in
research and development expenses from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
$34,805, or 135%. The increase was mainly due to our enhancement of our websites and labor cost. 

Selling and Marketing Expenses  

Selling and marketing expenses mainly consist
of advertising and promotional expenditures, salary and benefits expenses, sales commissions and travel expenses. 

Selling and marketing expenses were $4,294
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,784 for the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in selling
and marketing expenses from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2,510, or
141%. The increase was mainly contributed by increase in staff cost. 

General and Administrative Expenses  

General and administrative expenses mainly
consist of salary and benefits expenses, professional service fees, and website hosting service fee, and office rental expenses. 

General and administrative expenses were $323,091 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $336,860 for the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease in general and administrative
expenses from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $13,769, or 4%. The decreases
were mainly due to a decrease of share base payment of $13,757 and a $12 decrease in miscellaneous fee. 

Income from Operations   

As a result of the foregoing, our operating
income was $276,207 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $726,626 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

Other Income (expenses)   

Other expenses was $34,537 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, compared to other income of $6,858 for the corresponding period in 2015.  The other expenses
in 2016 were mainly due to the non-refundable business tax recognized as expenses.  

Income Tax Expense   

Income tax expense was $113,181 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $189,193 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Income   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we had net income of $128,489, compared to $544,291 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Going Concern  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company currently has limited
revenue and has accumulated deficit of $917,905 and $1,023,818 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and net income of
$128,489 and $544,291 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition, the company had a negative
cash flow from operating activities for nine months ended September 30, 2016. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to fund continuing operations through new financing from
related parties and equity financing arrangements. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability
to meet its obligations, to obtain additional financing as may be required until 2016 when it can generate sources of recurring
revenues and to ultimately attain profitability. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our principal sources of liquidity are
cash and cash equivalents, loans from shareholders, as well as the cash flows generated from our operations. 

As of September
30, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $73,410. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had cash and
cash equivalents of approximately  $ 482,421. Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand,
deposits in banks with maturities of three months or less, and all highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal
or use, and which have original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.  

The Company believes that the current cash
and cash equivalents combined with proceeds that it expects to generate from operating activities are sufficient to meet anticipated
working capital needs, commitments and capital expenditures over the next twelve months. It may, however, require additional cash
resources due to changes in business conditions and other future developments, or changes in general economic conditions. 

Cash Generating Ability   

We believe that we will generate cash flows
from our membership business and other business, which, along with our available cash, will provide sufficient liquidity and financial
flexibility. 

Our cash flows were summarized below: 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, $375,958 net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to our net income of $128,489 adjusted by non-cash
items of depreciation of $7,018 and $7,467 issuance of shares to employees and part-time consultants, due from related parties
increased by $697,545, deferred revenue decreased by $23,861, prepaid expenses increased by $1,313, income tax payable increased
by $98,447, other tax payable increased by $95,295 and other liabilities increased by $10,045. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, $304,032 net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to our net income of $544,291 adjusted by non-cash
items of depreciation and amortization of $14,429 and $21,224 issuance of shares to employees and part-time consultants, prepaid
expenses decreased by 19,509, prepaid tax decreased by $17,937, income tax payable increased by $23,608, advance from customers
decreased by $16,198, deferred revenue decreased by $923,804, and other liabilities decreased by $5,028. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, net cash used in investing activities of $87,174 was due to the purchase of new office equipment of $27,146 and short-term
loan to a related party of 215,798, offsetting by cash repayment from an unrelated party of $155,770. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, net cash used in investing activities was $1,731 due to the purchase of new office equipment. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, net cash provided by financing activities of $60,855 was mainly the result of the proceeds from Mr. Jiang Wei, a shareholder
of the Company. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, net cash provided by financing activities was $nil. 

Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, we had lease agreements for the principal offices with commitment amount of $22,675 and $17,121, respectively. The unpaid
contract amount is expected to be paid in one year. We have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee
the payment obligations of third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and
classified as shareholder s equity, or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do
not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity
or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing,
liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or that engages in leasing, hedging or product development services with us. 

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting
Standards  

 Please refer to Financial Statements Note
4. 

Item
                            3.      Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   

Not applicable because we are a smaller
reporting company. 

Item
                            4.      Controls
and Procedures.   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of June 30, 2016. 

Disclosure controls and procedures refer
to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. 

Management conducted its evaluation of
disclosure controls and procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on that
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, because of the material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2016. 

Our management has identified the following
steps to address the above material weakness: 

(1) We have engaged a financial accountant
to assist us in preparing our financial statements in accordance with US GAAP standards and SEC rules and regulations. 

(2) We intend to hire, as needed, key accounting
personnel with technical accounting expertise and reorganize the finance department to ensure that accounting personnel with adequate
experience, skills and knowledge relating to complex, non-routine transactions are directly involved in the review and accounting
evaluation of our complex, non-routine transactions. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting  

There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item
                            1.      Legal
Proceedings.   

There are no other actions, suits, proceedings,
inquiries or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending
or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company,
our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries  officers or directors in their capacities
as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.  

Item
                            1A.      Risk
Factors.   

Not applicable because we are a smaller
reporting company. 

Item
                            2.      Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

There were no unregistered sales of the Company s equity
securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, that were not otherwise disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K.   

Item
                            3.      Defaults
Upon Senior Securities.   

There has been no default in the payment of principal, interest,
sinking or purchase fund installment, or any other material default, with respect to any indebtedness of the Company during the
quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Item
                            4.      Mine
Safety Disclosures.   

Not applicable. 

Item
                            5.      Other
Information.   

There is no other information required to be disclosed under
this item which was not previously disclosed.  

Item 6.      Exhibits   

Exhibit Number   
       
       Description    

31.1*  
       
      Certifications of Principal Executive and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1+  
       
      Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.2+  
       
      Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   

* Filed herewith 

 + In accordance with the SEC Release 33-8238, deemed being furnished
and not filed.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

CHINA NETWORK MEDIA, INC.    

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ HuiAn Peng    

HuiAn Peng   

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452896_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, HuiAn Peng,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of China Network Media, Inc. (the  Registrant ): 

2. Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5. The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      / s/ HuiAn Peng    

HuiAn Peng   

Chief Executive Officer   Interim Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Executive   Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 v452896_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of China Network Media, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended  September
30, 2016 (the  Report ),
I, HuiAn Peng, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/  HuiAn Peng    

HuiAn Peng   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 4
 v452896_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of China Network Media, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended  September
30, 2016 (the  Report ),
I, HuiAn Peng, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/  HuiAn Peng    

HuiAn Peng   

Interim Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cnnm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cnnm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cnnm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cnnm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cnnm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cnnm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

