<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1575828_0001575828-16-000064_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7719427</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>254941</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>485496</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2719245</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3009642</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1092922</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>43</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001575828-16-000064.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103172442
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001575828-16-000064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Frank's International N.V.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001575828
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		IRS NUMBER:				981107145
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			P7
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36053
		FILM NUMBER:		161972861

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MASTENMAKERSWEG 1
		CITY:			DEN HELDER
		STATE:			P7
		ZIP:			1786 PB
		BUSINESS PHONE:		31223670000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		POSTBUS 9182
		CITY:			AMSTERDAM
		STATE:			P7
		ZIP:			1006 AD

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001575828-16-000064.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 a09302016-documentfy16q3.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
  (Mark One) 
      Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of 
  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
  OR 
      Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of 
  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  For the transition period from    ______    to    ______ 
  Commission file number: 001-36053 
    
  Frank s International N.V. 
   (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                         
    The Netherlands 
      
    98-1107145 

(State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (IRS Employer 
  Identification number) 

Mastenmakersweg 1 

1786 PB Den Helder, The Netherlands 
      
    Not Applicable 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: +31 (0)22 367 0000 
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No     
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
                     Large accelerated filer 
       
    Accelerated filer 
      
      Non-accelerated filer 
          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes          No     
  As of   November 1, 2016  , there were   222,391,338   shares of common stock,  0.01 par value per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
      PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 
    3 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months 

Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    4 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months 

Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    5 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) for the Nine Months 

Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    6 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months 

Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    7 
        
    Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    8 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 

Results of Operations 
    28 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    38 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
    40 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
    42 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
    42 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
    42 

Signatures 
      
    43 

2 

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.    Financial Statements 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  3 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  4 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  5 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  6 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  7 

FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 Basis of Presentation 
    
  Nature of Business 
    
  Frank s International N.V. ("FINV"), a limited liability company organized under the laws of The Netherlands, is a global provider of highly engineered tubular services to the oil and gas industry. FINV provides services to leading exploration and production companies in both offshore and onshore environments with a focus on complex and technically demanding wells. 
    
    Basis of Presentation 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements of FINV for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   include the activities of Frank's International C.V. ("FICV") and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company," "we," "us" or "our"). All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated for purposes of preparing these condensed consolidated financial statements. Our accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have not been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm. The Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2015 is derived from audited financial statements. However, certain information and footnote disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP") for complete annual financial statements have been omitted and, therefore, these interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31,   2015  , which are included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC") on February 29,   2016  . In the opinion of management, these condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared pursuant to the rules of the SEC and GAAP for interim financial reporting, reflect all adjustments, which consisted only of normal recurring adjustments that were necessary for a fair statement of the interim periods presented. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of those for a full year. 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis using the United States dollar as the reporting currency. Our functional currency is primarily the United States dollar. 
    
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
    
  Changes to GAAP are established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") in the form of accounting standards updates ("ASUs") to the FASB s Accounting Standards Codification.  
    
  We consider the applicability and impact of all ASUs. ASUs not listed below were assessed and were either determined to be not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.  
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance for classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. The objective of the guidance is to reduce the existing diversity in practice related to the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments. The guidance addresses eight specific cash flow issues including but not limited to, debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims and proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies. For public entities, the guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years and is retrospective for all periods presented. Early adoption is permitted including for interim periods. Management is evaluating the provisions of this new accounting guidance including which period to adopt, and has not determined what impact the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance for credit losses on financial instruments. The guidance includes the replacement of the  incurred loss  approach for recognizing credit losses on financial assets, including  

8 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

trade receivables, with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses, which considers historical and current information as well as reasonable and supportable forecasts. For public entities, the guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Management is evaluating the provisions of this new accounting guidance, including which period to adopt, and has not determined what impact the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued accounting guidance on equity compensation, which simplifies the accounting for the taxes related to equity-based compensation, including adjustments to how excess tax benefits and a company's payments for tax withholdings should be classified. The ASU also gives an option to recognize actual forfeitures when they occur and clarifies the statement of cash flow presentation for certain components of share-based awards. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 31, 2016. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued accounting guidance for leases. The main objective of the accounting guidance is to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The main difference between previous GAAP and the new guidance is the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases. The new guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet and further defines a lease as a contract that conveys the right to control the use of identified property, plant, or equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control over the use of the identified asset means that the customer has both (1) the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefit from the use of the asset and (2) the right to direct the use of the asset. The accounting guidance requires disclosures by lessees and lessors to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. For public entities, the guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years; early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued accounting guidance on the recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. Under this guidance, equity investments will be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The guidance requires public businesses to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes and requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset. The guidance also eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost. The guidance is not applicable to equity investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Management does not believe the adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued accounting guidance on simplifying the measurement of inventory. Under this guidance, inventory will be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Options that currently exist for market value will be eliminated. The guidance defines net realizable value as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. No other changes were made to the current guidance on inventory measurement. This guidance will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted and should be applied prospectively. Management is evaluating the provisions of this statement and has not determined what impact the adoption of the new accounting guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In February 2015, the FASB issued guidance on the amendments to the consolidation analysis, which affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. All legal entities  

9 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. Specifically, the amendments: (1) modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities ("VIEs") or voting interest entities; (2) eliminate the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership; (3) affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships; and (4) provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interest in legal entities that are required to comply with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those for registered money market funds. We adopted this guidance on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In January 2015, the FASB issued guidance on the income statement presentation, which eliminates the concept of extraordinary items while retaining certain presentation and disclosure guidance for items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently. We adopted this guidance on January 1, 2016 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued accounting guidance on the disclosure of uncertainties about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern. This update requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. The guidance is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. We are currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this guidance on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
       
  In May 2014, the FASB issued amendments to guidance on the recognition of revenue based upon the entity s contracts with customers to transfer goods or services. Under the new standard update, an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. On July 9, 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date by one year to December 15, 2017 for annual reporting periods beginning after that date. The FASB will also permit early adoption of the standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our consolidated financial statements.  

Note 2 Noncontrolling Interest 
    
  We hold an economic interest in FICV and are responsible for all operational, management and administrative decisions relating to FICV s business. As a result, the financial results of FICV are consolidated with ours and we record a noncontrolling interest on our condensed consolidated balance sheet with respect to the remaining economic interest in FICV held by Mosing Holdings, Inc. ("MHI"). Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest on the statements of operations represents the portion of earnings or losses attributable to the economic interest in FICV held by MHI. The allocable domestic income (loss) from FICV to FINV is subject to U.S. taxation.   
    
  Effective with the August 2016 conversion of all of MHI's Series A preferred stock (see Note 11   Preferred Stock), MHI transferred all its interest in FICV to us. As a result, the amount included in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is through August 26, 2016. 

10 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

A reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest is detailed as follows (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Represents net loss after August 26, 2016 when MHI transferred its interest to FINV.  
              (2) 
    Represents income tax expense (benefit) of entities outside of FICV as well as income tax attributable to our proportionate share of the U.S. operations of our partnership interests in FICV as of August 26, 2016. 
              (3) 
    Represents results of operations for entities outside of FICV as of August 26, 2016.  
              (4) 
    Represents the economic interest in FICV held by MHI before the preferred stock conversion on August 26, 2016. This percentage changed as additional shares of FINV common stock were issued. Effective August 26, 2016, MHI delivered its economic interest in FICV to us.  

Note 3 Acquisition 
    
    On April 1, 2015, Frank s International, LLC, a Texas limited liability company ( Frank s LLC ) and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of FICV closed on a transaction, which was not a significant acquisition, to purchase all of the outstanding equity interests of Timco Services, Inc. ("Timco"), a Louisiana corporation with a strong presence in the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford Shale regions, in exchange for consideration consisting of (i) approximately   $81.0 million   inclusive of a tax reimbursement payment of   $8.0 million   as well as closing adjustments for normal operating activity and customary purchase price adjustments and (ii) contingent consideration of up to   $20.0 million  , payable in   two   separate payments of   $10.0 million   based upon exceeding certain targets of the United States land rotary rig count, as reported by Baker Hughes, over prescribed time periods. As of   September 30, 2016  , the contingent consideration had a fair value of approximately   $7.0 thousand  . In addition, each party agreed to indemnify the other for breaches of representations and warranties, breaches of covenants and certain other matters, subject to certain exceptions. 
    
  The Timco acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with accounting guidance. The purchase price is allocated to the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on a discounted cash flow model and goodwill is recognized for the excess consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets. We recognized   $4.9 million   of goodwill. The goodwill was assigned to the U.S. Services segment and is deductible for tax purposes. The purchase price allocation was finalized during the fourth quarter of 2015. 
    
  In connection with the Timco acquisition, we acquired intangible assets in the amount of   $7.9 million   related to customer relationships, trade names and non-compete clauses. The intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense for the intangible assets for the Timco acquisition was   $0.5 million   for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and   2015   and   $1.4 million   and   $0.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

11 

FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 4 Accounts Receivable, net 
    
  Accounts receivable at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Amounts represent expenditures on behalf of non-consolidated affiliates and receivables for aircraft charter income. 

Note 5 Inventories 
    
  Inventories at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows (in thousands): 

12 

FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 6 Property, Plant and Equipment 
    
  The following is a summary of property, plant and equipment at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

Note 7 Other Assets 
    
  Other assets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following (in thousands): 

(1) 
    See Note 10   Fair Value Measurements 

13 

FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 8 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 
    
  Accrued and other current liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following (in thousands):  

Note 9 Debt 
    
  Credit Facility 
    
    We have a   $100.0 million   revolving credit facility with certain financial institutions, including up to   $20.0 million   in letters of credit and up to   $10.0 million   in swingline loans, which matures in   August 2018   (the  Credit Facility ). Subject to the terms of the Credit Facility, we have the ability to increase the commitments to   $150.0 million  . At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had   no   outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Facility. In addition, we had   $3.8 million   and   $4.7 million   in letters of credit outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. If our Adjusted EBITDA levels do not increase in future quarters, our borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility could be reduced.  
    
  Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at either a base rate or an adjusted Eurodollar rate. Base rate loans under the Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to the higher of (i) the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal, (ii) the   Federal Funds Effective Rate   plus   0.50%   or (iii) the adjusted   Eurodollar rate   plus   1.00%  , plus an applicable margin ranging from   0.50%   to   1.50%  , subject to adjustment based on a leverage ratio. Interest is in each case payable quarterly for base-rate loans. Eurodollar loans under the Credit Facility bear interest at an adjusted Eurodollar rate equal to the Eurodollar rate for such interest period multiplied by the statutory reserves, plus an applicable margin ranging from   1.50%   to   2.50%  . Interest is payable at the end of applicable interest periods for Eurodollar loans, except that if the interest period for a Eurodollar loan is longer than   three months  , interest is paid at the end of each   three  -month period. The unused portion of the Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee ranging from   0.250%   to   0.375%   based on certain leverage ratios. 
    
  The Credit Facility contains various covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to grant certain liens, make certain loans and investments, enter into mergers or acquisitions, enter into hedging transactions, change our lines of business, prepay certain indebtedness, enter into certain affiliate transactions, incur additional indebtedness or engage in certain asset dispositions.  
    
  The Credit Facility also contains financial covenants, which, among other things, require us, on a consolidated basis, to maintain: (i) a ratio of total consolidated funded debt to adjusted EBITDA (as defined in our credit agreement) of not more than   2.50   to 1.0 and (ii) a ratio of EBITDA to interest expense of not less than   3.0   to 1.0. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the Credit Facility. 

14 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In addition, the Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including, among others, the failure to make required payments, the failure to comply with certain covenants or other agreements, breach of the representations and covenants contained in the agreements, default of certain other indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency and the occurrence of a change in control. 
    
  AFCO Credit Corporation - Insurance Notes Payable 
    
  In 2015, we entered into a note to finance annual insurance premiums for   $7.6 million  . The note bears interest at an annual rate of   1.9%   and will mature in October 2016. At   September 30, 2016  , we had   no   outstanding balance. At December 31, 2015, the total outstanding balance was   $6.9 million  . 

Note 10 Fair Value Measurements 
    
  We follow fair value measurement authoritative accounting guidance for measuring fair values of assets and liabilities in financial statements. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We utilize market data or assumptions that market participants who are independent, knowledgeable, and willing and able to transact would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. We are able to classify fair value balances based on the observability of these inputs. The authoritative guidance for fair value measurements establishes three levels of the fair value hierarchy, defined as follows:  

Level 1: Unadjusted, quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 
                
    Level 2: Quoted prices in markets that are not considered to be active or financial instruments for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 
                
    Level 3: Significant, unobservable inputs for use when little or no market data exists, requiring a significant degree of judgment. 
       
  The hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 measurements and the lowest priority to Level 3 measurements. Depending on the particular asset or liability, input availability can vary depending on factors such as product type, longevity of a product in the market and other particular transaction conditions. In some cases, certain inputs used to measure fair value may be categorized into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. For disclosure purposes under the accounting guidance, the lowest level that contains significant inputs used in valuation should be chosen. 

15 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial Assets and Liabilities 
    
  A summary of financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows (in thousands): 

Our derivative financial instruments consist of short-duration foreign currency forward contracts. The fair value of derivative financial instruments is based on quoted market values including foreign exchange forward rates and interest rates. The fair value is computed by discounting the projected future cash flow amounts to present value. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , derivative financial instruments are included in accrued and other current liabilities and accounts receivable, net, respectively, in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  Our investments associated with our deferred compensation plan consist of marketable securities that are held in the form of investments in mutual funds and insurance contracts. Assets and liabilities measured using significant observable inputs are reported at fair value based on third-party broker statements, which are derived from the fair value of the funds' underlying investments. Other marketable securities are included in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
    
    Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis 
    
  We apply the provisions of the fair value measurement standard to our non-recurring, non-financial measurements including business combinations as well as impairment related to goodwill and other long-lived assets. For business combinations, the purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on a discounted cash flow model for most intangibles as well as market assumptions for the valuation of equipment and other fixed assets.  

16 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

We utilize a discounted cash flow model in evaluating impairment considerations related to goodwill and long-lived assets. Given the unobservable nature of the inputs, the discounted cash flow models are deemed to use Level 3 inputs.  
    
  Other Fair Value Considerations 
    
  The carrying values on our condensed consolidated balance sheet of our cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable, accrued and other current liabilities and lines of credit approximates fair values due to their short maturities. 

Note 11 Preferred Stock 
    
  At December 31, 2015, we had   52,976,000   shares of Series A preferred stock, par value    0.01   per share (the "Preferred Stock"), issued and outstanding, all of which were held by MHI. Each share of Preferred Stock had a liquidation preference equal to its par value of    0.01   per share and was entitled to an annual dividend equal to   0.25%   of its par value. We paid the annual dividend for the year ended   December 31, 2015   of   $1,476   on June 3, 2016. Additionally, each share of Preferred Stock entitled its holder to   one   vote. Preferred stockholders voted with the common stockholders as a single class on all matters presented to FINV's shareholders for their vote.  
    
  Before the conversion, MHI had the right to convert all or a portion of its Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock by delivery of an equivalent portion of its interest in FICV to us. Accordingly, the increase in our interest in FICV in connection with a conversion would decrease the noncontrolling interest in our financial statements that was attributable to MHI's interest in FICV. 
    
  On August 19, 2016, we received notice from MHI that it was exercising its right to exchange, for   52,976,000   common shares, each of the following securities: (i)   52,976,000   shares of Preferred Stock and (ii)   52,976,000   units in FICV. On August 26, 2016, we issued   52,976,000   common shares to MHI. Upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, we had   no   issued or outstanding convertible preferred shares and the number of common shares of authorized capital was increased by   52,976,000   shares, equal to the number of convertible preferred shares that were converted into common shares. Additionally, upon the exchange of the convertible preferred stock, MHI was entitled to receive an amount in cash equal to the nominal value of each convertible preferred share plus any accrued but unpaid dividends with respect to such stock. The cash payment of   $0.6   million was paid on September 23, 2016. In conjunction with the conversion, MHI delivered its interest in FICV to us and no longer owns any interest in FICV. As a result of the transaction, we have also reallocated the accumulated other comprehensive loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest. 
    
  The Preferred Stock was classified outside of permanent equity in our condensed consolidated balance sheet at its redemption value of par plus accrued and unpaid dividends because the conversion provisions were not solely within our control. 

Note 12  Derivatives 
    
  In December 2015, we began entering into short-duration foreign currency forward derivative contracts to reduce the risk of foreign currency fluctuations. We use these instruments to mitigate our exposure to non-local currency operating working capital. We record these contracts at fair value on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Although the derivative contracts will serve as an economic hedge of the cash flow of our currency exchange risk exposure, they are not formally designated as hedge contracts for hedge accounting treatment. Accordingly, any changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments during a period will be included in our condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

17 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had the following foreign currency derivative contracts outstanding in U.S. dollars (in thousands): 

The following table summarizes the location and fair value amounts of all derivative contracts in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 
    
                                   Derivatives not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
      
    Consolidated Balance Sheet Location 
      
    September 30, 2016 
      
    December 31, 2015 
      Foreign currency contracts 
      
    Accounts receivable, net 
      
    $ 

$ 
    210 
      
      Foreign currency contracts 
      
    Accrued and other current liabilities 
      
    (86 
    ) 

The following table summarizes the location and amounts of the realized and unrealized losses on derivative contracts in the condensed consolidated statements of operations (in thousands): 

Our derivative transactions are governed through International Swaps and Derivatives Association ("ISDA") master agreements. These agreements include stipulations regarding the right of offset in the event that we or our counterparty default on our performance obligations. If a default were to occur, both parties have the right to net amounts payable and receivable into a single net settlement between parties. Our accounting policy is to offset derivative assets and liabilities executed with the same counterparty when a master netting arrangement exists. 

18 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table presents the gross and net fair values of our derivatives at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):  

Note 13 Treasury Stock 
    
    At   September 30, 2016  , common shares held in treasury totaled   740,992   with a cost of   $12.3 million   and at December 31, 2015, common shares held in treasury totaled   514,812   shares with a cost of   $9.3 million  . These shares were withheld from employees to settle personal tax withholding obligations that arose as a result of restricted stock units that vested.  

Note 14 Related Party Transactions 
    
  We have engaged in certain transactions with other companies related to us by common ownership. We have entered into various operating leases to lease office space from an affiliated company. Rent expense related to these leases was   $1.8 million   and   $2.5 million   for each of the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $6.2 million   and   $6.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  We are a party to certain agreements relating to the rental of aircraft to Western Airways ("WA"), an entity owned by the Mosing family. The WA agreements reflect both dry lease and wet lease rental, whereby we are charged a flat monthly fee primarily for crew, hangar, maintenance and administration costs in addition to other variable costs for fuel and maintenance. We also earn charter income from third party usage through a revenue sharing agreement. We recorded net charter expense of   $0.3 million   and net charter revenue of   $0.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and net charter expense of   $0.8 million   and   $0.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
    
  Tax Receivable Agreement 
    
  MHI and its permitted transferees converted all of its Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock on a   one  -for-one basis on August 26, 2016, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications and other similar transactions, by delivery of an equivalent portion of its interest in FICV to us (a  Conversion ). FICV will make an election under Section 754 of the Code. Pursuant to the Section 754 election, the Conversion will result in an adjustment to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of FICV with respect to the portion of FICV now held by FINV. These adjustments will be allocated to FINV. The adjustments to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of FICV described above would not have been available absent this Conversion. The basis adjustments are expected to reduce the amount of tax that FINV would otherwise be required to pay in the future. These basis adjustments may also decrease gains (or increase losses) on future dispositions of certain capital assets to the extent tax basis is allocated to those capital assets. 
       
  The tax receivable agreement (the "TRA") that we entered into with FICV and MHI in connection with our IPO generally provides for the payment by FINV of   85%   of the amount of the actual reductions, if any, in payments of U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax (which reductions we refer to as  cash savings ) in periods after our IPO as a result of (i) the tax basis increases resulting from the Conversion and (ii) imputed interest deemed to be paid by us as a result of, and additional tax basis arising from, payments under the TRA. In addition, the TRA provides for payment by us of interest earned from the due date (without extensions) of the corresponding tax return to the date of payment specified by the TRA. The payments under the TRA will not be conditioned upon a holder of rights under the TRA having a continued ownership interest in either FICV or FINV. We will retain the remaining   15%   of cash savings, if any. 

19 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As of September 30, 2016 our estimated TRA liability was   $124.6 million  . This represents   85%   of the future cash savings expected from the utilization of the original basis adjustments plus subsequent basis adjustments that will result from payments under the TRA agreement. The estimation of the TRA liability is by its nature imprecise and subject to significant assumptions regarding the amount and timing of taxable income in the future and the tax rates then applicable. The time period over which the cash savings is expected to be realized is estimated to be over   20 years  . Based on FINV s forecasted tax loss for the 2016 tax year,   no   payment under the TRA is expected for 2016.   
    
    The payment obligations under the TRA are our obligations and are not obligations of FICV. The term of the TRA will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired, unless FINV elects to exercise its sole right to terminate the TRA early. If FINV elects to terminate the TRA early, it would be required to make an immediate payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits subject to the TRA (based upon certain assumptions and deemed events set forth in the TRA, including the assumption that it has sufficient taxable income to fully utilize such benefits and that any FICV interests that MHI or its transferees own on the termination date are deemed to be exchanged on the termination date). Any early termination payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future benefits. In addition, payments due under the TRA will be similarly accelerated following certain mergers or other changes of control. In these situations, FINV s obligations under the TRA could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. For example, if the TRA were terminated on   September 30, 2016  , the estimated termination payment would be approximately $  105.3 million   (calculated using a discount rate of   4.96%  ). The foregoing number is merely an estimate and the actual payment could differ materially. 
    
  Because FINV is a holding company with no operations of its own, its ability to make payments under the TRA is dependent on the ability of FICV to make distributions to it in an amount sufficient to cover FINV s obligations under such agreements; this ability, in turn, may depend on the ability of FICV s subsidiaries to provide payments to it. The ability of FICV and its subsidiaries to make such distributions will be subject to, among other things, the applicable provisions of Dutch law that may limit the amount of funds available for distribution and restrictions in our debt instruments. To the extent that FINV is unable to make payments under the TRA for any reason, except in the case of an acceleration of payments thereunder occurring in connection with an early termination of the TRA or certain mergers or change of control, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid, and FINV will be prohibited from paying dividends on its common stock. 

Note 15 Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 
    
    Basic earnings (loss) per common share is determined by dividing net income (loss), less preferred stock dividends, by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is determined by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, assuming all potentially dilutive shares were issued. 
       
  We apply the treasury stock method to determine the dilutive weighted average common shares represented by the unvested restricted stock units and ESPP shares. Through August 26, 2016, the date of the conversion of all of MHI's Preferred Stock and MHI's transfer of interest in FICV to us (see Note 11   Preferred Stock), the diluted earnings (loss) per share calculation assumed the conversion of 100% of our outstanding Preferred Stock on an as if converted basis. Accordingly, the numerator was also adjusted to include the earnings allocated to the noncontrolling interest after taking into account the tax effect of such exchange.  

20 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table summarizes the basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share calculations (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

(1) 
    Adjusted for the additional tax expense upon the assumed conversion of the Preferred Stock 
    $ 

$ 
    1,612 

$ 

$ 
    4,155 

(2) 
    Approximate number of shares of potentially convertible preferred stock to common stock up until the time of conversion on August 26, 2016, unvested restricted stock units and stock to be issued pursuant to the ESPP have been excluded from the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive when the results from operations are at a net loss.  
    32,977 

47,273 

Note 16 Income Taxes 
    
  For interim financial reporting, we estimate the annual tax rate based on projected pre-tax income (loss) for the full year and record a quarterly income tax provision (benefit) in accordance with accounting guidance for income taxes. As the year progresses, we refine the estimate of the year's pre-tax income (loss) as new information becomes available. The continual estimation process often results in a change to the expected effective tax rate for the year. When this occurs, we adjust the income tax provision (benefit) during the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs so that the year-to-date provision reflects the expected annual tax rate. 
    
  Our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations before income taxes was   13.9%   and   30.9%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   14.6%   and   24.7%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The lower rates are   primarily a result of a decrease in taxable income and  

21 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

a change in jurisdictional mix.   In addition, the tax rate for all periods is lower than the U.S. statutory income tax rate of   35%   due to lower statutory tax rates in certain foreign jurisdictions where we operate.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a deferred tax asset in the amount of   $54.0 million  . For the quarter ended June 30, 2016, we had a deferred tax liability of   $31.3 million  . The change relates primarily to MHI s conversion of preferred shares into common shares on August 26, 2016. (See Note 11   Preferred Stock.) In conjunction with the conversion, MHI delivered its interest in FICV to us and no longer owns any interest in FICV. At the conversion date, FINV recorded a deferred tax asset in the amount of   $18.7 million   related to the excess of tax over book basis in its investment in FICV. In addition, we recorded a deferred tax asset in the amount of   $49.9 million   related to the future increases in tax basis that will result from the payment of the TRA liability. (See Note 14   Related Party Transactions.) Other changes in the deferred tax balance result from the recording of the 2015 return to provision adjustment and normal provision of taxes for the 2016 tax year.  
       
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there were no significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits as reported in our audited financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  

Note 17 Severance and Other Charges  
    
  During 2015, we executed a workforce reduction plan as part of our cost savings initiatives due to depressed oil and gas prices. During 2016, we have continued to take steps to adjust our workforce to meet the depressed demand in the industry. The reduction was communicated to affected employees on various dates. Also, the then Chairman of the board of supervisory directors (who also held the role of Executive Chairman of our company) transitioned to a non-executive director of the supervisory board effective as of December 31, 2015. At   September 30, 2016  , our outstanding accrual was approximately   $15.4 million   and included severance payments, other employee-related termination costs and   lease termination fees.   Below is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending liability balance (in thousands): 

We expect to pay a significant portion of the remaining liability no later than the fourth quarter of 2016. 

Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies  
    
  We are the subject of lawsuits and claims arising in the ordinary course of business from time to time. A liability is accrued when a loss is both probable and can be reasonably estimated. We had no material accruals for loss contingencies, individually or in the aggregate, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . We believe the probability is remote that the ultimate outcome of these matters would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  We are conducting an internal investigation of the operations of certain of our foreign subsidiaries in West Africa including possible violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, our policies and other applicable laws. In June 2016, we voluntarily disclosed the existence of our extensive internal review to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the United States Department of Justice and other governmental entities. While our review does not  

22 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

currently indicate that there has been any material impact on our previously filed financial statements, we continue to collect information and are unable to predict the ultimate resolution of these matters with these agencies.  

Note 19 Segment Information 
    
  Reporting Segments 
    
  Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available that is regularly evaluated by the chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. We are comprised of   three   reportable segments: International Services, U.S. Services and Tubular Sales.  
    
  The International Services segment provides tubular services in international offshore markets and in several onshore international regions. Our customers in these international markets are primarily large exploration and production companies, including integrated oil and gas companies and national oil and gas companies. 
    
  The U.S. Services segment provides tubular services in almost all of the active onshore oil and gas drilling regions in the U.S., including the Permian Basin, Bakken Shale, Barnett Shale, Eagle Ford Shale, Haynesville Shale, Marcellus Shale and Utica Shale, as well as in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. 
    
  The Tubular Sales segment designs and distributes large outside diameter ("OD") pipe, connectors and casing attachments and sells large OD pipe originally manufactured by various pipe mills. We also provide specialized fabrication and welding services in support of offshore projects, including drilling and production risers, flowlines and pipeline end terminations, as well as long length tubulars (up to   300   feet in length) for use as caissons or pilings. This segment also designs and manufactures proprietary equipment for use in our International and U.S. Services segments. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before net interest income or expense, depreciation and amortization, income tax benefit or expense, asset impairments, gain or loss on sale of assets, foreign currency gain or loss, equity-based compensation,   unrealized and realized gain or loss,   other non-cash adjustments and unusual charges.   We review Adjusted EBITDA on both a consolidated basis and on a segment basis. We use Adjusted EBITDA to assess our financial performance because it allows us to compare our operating performance on a consistent basis across periods by removing the effects of our capital structure (such as varying levels of interest expense), asset base (such as depreciation and amortization) and items outside the control of our management team (such as income tax rates). Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating income, cash flow from operating activities or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ("GAAP"). 
    
  Our CODM uses Adjusted EBITDA as the primary measure of segment reporting performance. 

23 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table presents a reconciliation of Segment Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) (in thousands): 

The following tables set forth certain financial information with respect to our reportable segments. Included in  Corporate and Other  are intersegment eliminations and costs associated with activities of a general nature (in thousands): 

24 

FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 20 Subsequent Event 
    
  On October 6, 2016, we announced that we entered into a definitive merger agreement ( Merger Agreement ) to acquire Blackhawk Group Holdings, Inc. ( Blackhawk ). Blackhawk is the ultimate parent of Blackhawk Specialty Tools LLC, a leading provider of well construction and well intervention services and products. Certain investment funds affiliated with Bain Capital Partners LLC (collectively  Bain Capital ) currently own approximately   70%   of the capital stock of Blackhawk. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, Bain Capital and other stockholders of Blackhawk delivered a written consent adopting the Merger Agreement with respect to the shares of Blackhawk capital stock owned by them.  
    
  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, by and among us, FI Tools Holdings, LLC, our newly formed subsidiary ( Merger Sub ), Blackhawk and Bain Capital Private Equity, LP, solely in its capacity as stakeholder representative, Merger Sub will merge with and into Blackhawk, with Blackhawk surviving the Merger as our wholly-owned subsidiary. The merger consideration comprises a combination of approximately   $150.4 million   of cash on hand and approximately   12.8 million   shares of our common stock ( Common Stock ), on a cash-free, debt-free basis (with approximately   $79.5 million   of Blackhawk debt being repaid at closing with proceeds from the transaction), for total consideration of approximately   $294.4 million   (based on our closing share price on October 31, 2016 of   $11.25   and including the working capital adjustment).  
    
  On November 1, 2016, we completed our previously announced acquisition of Blackhawk. Due to the short amount of time that has elapsed from the closing of the acquisition, the initial accounting for the business combination is incomplete at this time. As a result, we are unable to provide amounts recognized as of the acquisition date for the major classes of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including the information required for intangible assets and goodwill. 
    
  In conjunction with the closing, we have placed certain of the shares of Common Stock comprising the equity consideration in escrow as partial security for Blackhawk s indemnity obligations under the Merger Agreement, which include indemnities for our benefit for breaches of Blackhawk s representations, warranties and covenants and certain other matters (subject to certain limitations). The Merger Agreement contains caps on certain losses arising under the Merger Agreement of up to approximately   17%   of the aggregate transaction value. Such caps do not apply to fraud or intentional misconduct. Portions of the escrow will also apply to post-closing working capital adjustments.  
    
  The completion of the Merger was subject to a number of closing conditions, including among others, (i) the expiration or termination of applicable U.S. anti-trust laws and the waiting period and receipt of Brazilian merger control approvals, (ii) subject to certain exceptions, the accuracy of the representations and warranties and material compliance with covenants, (iii) the absence of any event, circumstance or change that would have a material adverse effect on Blackhawk and (iv) delivery of various closing documentation. The Merger Agreement also contained certain termination rights for both us and Blackhawk, including a right to terminate if the Merger was not consummated by December 5, 2016 (subject to certain exceptions).  
    
  In connection with the delivery of shares of Common Stock at closing, we will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with Bain Capital and certain other stockholders of Blackhawk, pursuant to which, among other things, we will register the resale of the shares of Common Stock issued to such stockholders of Blackhawk. In addition, Bain Capital will have certain demand registration rights with respect to underwritten offerings that may be undertaken by Bain Capital following the closing. In connection with the grant of these demand rights, we have agreed to seek waivers from certain stockholders who were previously granted certain piggyback registration rights pursuant to a certain previous registration rights agreement, dated August 14, 2013. If we are unable to obtain the requisite approvals for such waiver and the holders of the pre-existing piggyback registration rights exercise those rights in respect of an underwritten offering by Bain Capital, we have agreed to either (i) repurchase a number of shares of Common Stock from Bain Capital equal to   $50 million   less any shares actually sold by Bain Capital in its underwritten offering (such repurchase may be funded through a primary issuance of shares of Common Stock by us, in our discretion) or (ii) purchase such number of shares of Common Stock from the pre-existing holders of the piggyback registration rights  

25 

    FRANK S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

such that Bain Capital would no longer be required to reduce the number of shares it proposed to include in its underwritten offering below   $50 million  . All expenses incident to such registrations will be borne by us.  
    
  The Merger Agreement and related transaction documents contain representations, warranties, covenants and conditions customary for a transaction of this nature. The representations and warranties set forth in the Merger Agreement and related transaction documents were made by the parties to each other as of specific dates and to evidence their agreement on various issues, and were made solely for purposes of the Merger and may be subject to important qualifications and limitations or other factors agreed to by the parties in connection with negotiating the terms of the Merger. Based on the foregoing, one should not rely on the representations, warranties and disclosures included in the Merger Agreement or related transaction documents as statements of fact.  

26 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Form 10-Q ) includes certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include those that express a belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not statements of historical fact. Forward-looking statements include information regarding our future plans and goals and our current expectations with respect to, among other things: 

our business strategy and prospects for growth; 
                
    our cash flows and liquidity; 
                
    our financial strategy, budget, projections and operating results; 
                
    the amount, nature and timing of capital expenditures; 
                
    the availability and terms of capital; 
                
    competition and government regulations; and 
                
    general economic conditions. 
       
  Our forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by words such as  estimate,   project,   predict,   believe,   expect,   anticipate,   potential,   plan,   goal  or other terms that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this report; we disclaim any obligation to update these statements unless required by law, and we caution you not to rely on them unduly. Forward-looking statements are not assurances of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These risks, contingencies and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the level of activity in the oil and gas industry; 
                
    further or sustained declines in oil and gas prices; 
                
    unique risks associated with our offshore operations; 
                
    political, economic and regulatory uncertainties in our international operations; 
                
    our ability to develop new technologies and products; 
                
    our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
                
    our ability to employ and retain skilled and qualified workers; 
                
    the level of competition in our industry; 
                
    operational safety laws and regulations; and 
                
    weather conditions and natural disasters. 
       
  These and other important factors that could affect our operating results and performance are described in (1)  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item IA of this Form 10-Q,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q, and elsewhere within this Form 10-Q, (2) our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016 (our "Annual Report"), (3) our other reports and filings we make with the SEC from time to time and (4) other announcements we make from time to time. Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in the documents above or in this Form 10-Q occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results, performance, achievements or plans could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements in this Form 10-Q are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements in this section.  

27 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in our Annual Report.  
    
  This section contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statement because of various factors, including those described in the sections titled  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  and  Risk Factors  of this  
  Form 10-Q.  
    
  Overview of Business 
    
  We are a global provider of highly engineered tubular services to the oil and gas industry and have been in business for over 75 years. We provide our services to leading exploration and production companies in both offshore and onshore environments, with a focus on complex and technically demanding wells.  
    
  We conduct our business through three operating segments: 

International Services.   We currently provide our services in approximately 60 countries on six continents. Our customers in these international markets are primarily large exploration and production companies, including integrated oil and gas companies and national oil and gas companies. 

U.S. Services.   We service customers in the offshore areas of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. In addition, we have a presence in almost all of the active onshore oil and gas drilling regions in the U.S., including the Permian Basin, Bakken Shale, Barnett Shale, Eagle Ford Shale, Haynesville Shale, Marcellus Shale and Utica Shale. 

Tubular Sales.   We design and distribute large outside diameter ("OD") pipe, connectors and casing attachments and sell large OD pipe originally manufactured by various pipe mills. We also provide specialized fabrication and welding services in support of offshore projects, including drilling and production risers, flowlines and pipeline end terminations, as well as long-length tubulars (up to 300 feet in length) for use as caissons or pilings. This segment also designs and manufactures proprietary equipment for use in our International and U.S. Services segments. 
       
  Market Outlook 
    
  The persistent low oil and gas commodity price environment continues to negatively impact our business across all operating segments. Decreased offshore spending and rig activity, particularly in our core markets of West Africa and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, have led to lower demand and pricing for our products and services. For the remainder of 2016 and into 2017, we anticipate further project delays, suspensions and cancellations by our customers barring significant improvements in commodity prices or project economics. Despite modest improvements in U.S. onshore rig count, activity remains below levels that would result in a material recovery in prices or profitability. We continue to take actions to mitigate these declines through cost reductions and growing market share in underrepresented markets including international land and offshore shelf opportunities. We also continue to evaluate potential acquisitions that would augment our revenues and position the company for growth in a market recovery.  
    
  How We Evaluate Our Operations 
    
  We use a number of financial and operational measures to routinely analyze and evaluate the performance of our business, including revenue, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin and safety performance. 

28 

Revenue 
    
  We analyze our revenue growth by comparing actual monthly revenue to our internal projections for each month to assess our performance. We also assess incremental changes in our monthly revenue across our operating segments to identify potential areas for improvement. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
    
  We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before net interest income or expense, depreciation and amortization, income tax benefit or expense, asset impairments, gain or loss on sale of assets, foreign currency gain or loss, equity-based compensation, unrealized and realized gain or loss, other non-cash adjustments and unusual charges or credits. Adjusted EBITDA margin reflects our Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of our revenues. We review Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin on both a consolidated basis and on a segment basis. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin to assess our financial performance because it allows us to compare our operating performance on a consistent basis across periods by removing the effects of our capital structure (such as varying levels of interest expense), asset base (such as depreciation and amortization) and items outside the control of our management team (such as income tax rates). Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating income, cash flow from operating activities or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ("GAAP"). 
    
  The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA, our most directly comparable GAAP performance measure, as well as Adjusted EBITDA margin for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 

For a reconciliation of our Adjusted EBITDA on a segment basis to the most comparable measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, see   Operating Segment Results.  
    
  Safety Performance 
    
  Maintaining a strong safety record is a critical component of our operational success. Many of our larger customers have safety standards we must satisfy before we can perform services for them. We continually monitor our safety culture through the use of employee safety surveys and trend analysis, and we modify existing programs or develop new programs according to the data obtained. One way to measure safety is by tracking the total recordable incident  

29 

rate ( TRIR ) and the lost time incident rate ( LTIR ), which are reviewed on both a monthly and rolling twelve-month basis.  

Consolidated Results of Operations 
    
  The following table presents our consolidated results for the periods presented (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Consolidated products revenue includes a small amount of revenues attributable to the U.S. Services and International Services segments. 

Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
    
    Revenues.   Revenues from external customers, excluding intersegment sales, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $134.8 million  , or   56.2%  , to   $105.1 million   from   $239.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease was primarily attributable to lower revenues in all of our segments due to declining activity as depressed oil and gas prices resulted in reduced rig count, downward pricing pressures, rig cancellations and delays as well as deferred work scopes in the International and U.S. Services regions while revenues  

30 

for Tubular Sales decreased due to   lower international demand and decreased deep water fabrication revenue.   Revenues for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading "Operating Segment Results." 
       
  Cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization.   Cost of revenues for the three months ended   September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $46.3 million  , or   43.5%  , to   $60.2 million   from   $106.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Our cost of revenues decline was consistent with our lower revenue, which was slightly offset by our fixed cost structure. 
    
  General and administrative expenses.   General and administrative expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $14.2 million  , or   21.1%  , to   $52.8 million   from   $66.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   as a result of cost initiatives, which included workforce reductions and lease terminations. Also, equity-based compensation expense decreased by $2.3 million as the IPO grants for retirement-eligible employees had a two year service requirement, which was completed during the third quarter of 2015. The lower costs were partially offset by an increase in higher professional fees of $3.1 million as a result of   ongoing global corporate initiatives, acquisition costs and   our investigation as mentioned in Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies   in the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  .        
    
  Severance and other charges  . Severance and other charges for the three months ended   September 30, 2016     increased   by   $13.3 million  , or   1,125.5%  , to   $14.5 million   from   $1.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   as a result of a higher workforce reduction in the third quarter of   2016   compared to   2015   as we continued to   take steps to adjust our workforce to meet the depressed demand in the industry.   See Note 17 - Severance and Other Charges   in the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion  .        
    
  Foreign currency loss  . Foreign currency loss was   $1.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   $5.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   primarily due to the devaluation of the Nigerian Naira. 
    
  Income tax expense (benefit).   Income tax expense (benefit) for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased by   $17.6 million  , or   163.1%  , to   $(6.8) million   from   $10.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily as a result of a decrease in taxable income and a change in jurisdictional mix. We are subject to many U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions and many tax agreements and treaties among the various taxing authorities. Our operations in these jurisdictions are taxed on various bases such as income before taxes, deemed profits (which is generally determined using a percentage of revenues rather than profits) and withholding taxes based on revenues; consequently, the relationship between our pre-tax income from operations and our income tax provision varies from period to period. 
    
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  Revenues.   Revenues from external customers, excluding intersegment sales, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $392.1 million  , or   50.8%  , to   $379.5 million   from   $771.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The decrease was primarily attributable to lower revenues in all of our segments due to declining activity as depressed oil and gas prices resulted in reduced rig count, downward pricing pressures, rig cancellations and delays as well as deferred work scopes in the International and U.S. Services regions while revenues for Tubular Sales decreased due to   lower international demand and decreased deep water fabrication revenue.   Revenues for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading "Operating Segment Results." 
       
  Cost of revenues, exclusive of depreciation and amortization.   Cost of revenues for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $134.8 million  , or   40.5%  , to   $198.0 million   from   $332.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Our cost of revenues decline was consistent with our lower revenue, which was slightly offset by our fixed cost structure. 
    
  General and administrative expenses.   General and administrative expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $28.5 million  , or   13.5%  , to   $182.0 million   from   $210.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Excluding the bad debt expense of $9.7 million related to the collectability of receivables in  

31 

Venezuela (see "Customer Credit Risk" in Part I, Item 3), general and administrative expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   decreased by $38.2 million, or 18.1%, primarily as a result of cost initiatives, which included workforce reductions and lease terminations. Also, equity-based compensation expense decreased by $10.1 million as the IPO grants for retirement-eligible employees had a two year service requirement, which was completed during the third quarter of 2015. The decreased costs were partially offset by   $7.7 million of professional fees, which included costs related to our ongoing global corporate initiatives, acquisition costs and the investigation mentioned in Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  .        
    
         Depreciation and amortization.   Depreciation and amortization for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased   by   $3.5 million  , or   4.4%  , to   $84.3 million   from   $80.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to our Timco acquisition of $2.5 million as well as capital expenditures in the current period. 
    
  Severance and other charges  . Severance and other charges for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased   by   $4.7 million  , or   32.7%  , to   $18.9 million   from   $14.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   as a result of additional workforce reductions compared to the prior year as we continued to   take steps to adjust our workforce to meet the depressed demand in the industry.   See Note 17 - Severance and Other Charges   in the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion  .        
    
  Income tax expense (benefit).   Income tax expense (benefit) for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     decreased   by   $48.0 million  , or   146.9%  , to   $(15.3) million   from   $32.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   primarily as a result of a decrease in taxable income and a change in jurisdictional mix. We are subject to many U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions and many tax agreements and treaties among the various taxing authorities. Our operations in these jurisdictions are taxed on various bases such as income before taxes, deemed profits (which is generally determined using a percentage of revenues rather than profits) and withholding taxes based on revenues; consequently, the relationship between our pre-tax income from operations and our income tax provision varies from period to period. 

32 

Operating Segment Results 
    
  Revenue pertaining to our segments as stated in the following discussions include intersegment sales. Adjusted EBITDA includes the impact of intersegment operating activity. See Note 19 - Segment Information in the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
  The following table presents revenues and Adjusted EBITDA by segment, and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), which is the most comparable GAAP financial measure (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Corporate and other represents amounts not directly associated with an operating segment. 
       
           (2) 
    Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure that is used by management and external users of our financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders and rating agencies. 
       
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  International Services 
    
  Revenue for the International Services segment   decreased   by   $52.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   50.5%  , compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to depressed oil and gas prices, which challenged the economics of current development projects and caused the termination of ongoing drilling campaigns and the delay in the commencement of new projects, as well as cancellations or deferred work scopes.  

33 

Adjusted EBITDA for the International Services segment   decreased   by   $34.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   88.4%  , compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to the $52.2 million decrease in revenue, which was partially offset by lower expenses due to reduced activity and cost-cutting measures  . 
    
  U.S. Services  
    
  Revenue for the U.S. Services segment   decreased   by   $42.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   52.9%  , compared to the same period in   2015  . Onshore services revenue decreased by $10.4 million as a result of lower activity from declining rig counts and pricing discounts. The offshore business saw a decrease in revenue of $32.0 million as a result of overall lower activity from weaknesses seen in the Gulf of Mexico due to rig cancellations and delays, coupled with downward pricing pressures.  
       
  Adjusted EBITDA for the U.S. Services segment   decreased   by   $26.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   143.5%  , compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to higher pricing concessions and lower activity of $21.2 million and higher corporate and other costs of $5.0 million primarily due to increased professional fees, which were attributable to the investigation, ongoing global corporate initiatives and acquisition costs.  
    
  Tubular Sales  
    
  Revenue for the Tubular Sales segment   decreased   by   $44.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   64.0%  , compared to the same period in   2015   primarily as a result of lower international demand and decreased deep water fabrication revenue. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA for the Tubular Sales segment   decreased   by   $15.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   99.0%  , compared to the same period in   2015   as it was negatively impacted by fixed costs associated with the manufacturing division and decreased revenues. 
    
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    
  International Services 
    
  Revenue for the International Services segment   decreased   by   $159.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , or   45.4%  , compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to depressed oil and gas prices, which challenged the economics of current development projects and caused the termination of ongoing drilling campaigns and the delay in the commencement of new projects, as well as cancellations or deferred work scopes.  
    
  Adjusted EBITDA for the International Services segment   decreased   by   $115.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , or   78.4%  , compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to the $159.1 million decrease in revenue, $9.7 million of bad debt expense related to the collectability of receivables in Venezuela (see "Customer Credit Risk"     in Part I, Item 3) and $2.5 million of additional payroll related costs for Nigeria and Mexico, which were partially offset by lower expenses due to reduced activity and cost-cutting measures  . 
    
  U.S. Services  
    
  Revenue for the U.S. Services segment   decreased   by   $150.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , or   53.4%  , compared to the same period in   2015  . Onshore services revenue decreased by $45.3 million as a result of lower activity from declining rig counts and pricing discounts. The offshore business saw a decrease in revenue of $105.4 million as a result of overall lower activity from weaknesses seen in the Gulf of Mexico due to rig cancellations and delays, coupled with downward pricing pressures.  
       
  Adjusted EBITDA for the U.S. Services segment   decreased   by   $98.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , or   123.1%  , compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to higher pricing concessions and lower  

34 

activity of $80.1 million and higher corporate and other costs of $18.2 million primarily due to increased professional fees, which were attributable to the investigation, ongoing global corporate initiatives and acquisition costs.  
    
  Tubular Sales  
    
  Revenue for the Tubular Sales segment   decreased   by   $106.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , or   56.0%  , compared to the same period in   2015   primarily as a result of lower international demand and decreased deep water fabrication revenue. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA for the Tubular Sales segment   decreased   by   $25.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , or   95.0%  , compared to the same period in   2015   as it was negatively impacted by fixed costs associated with the manufacturing division and decreased revenues. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Liquidity 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of $  529.9 million   and debt of   $0.3 million  . Our primary sources of liquidity to date have been cash flows from operations. Our primary uses of capital have been for organic growth capital expenditures and acquisitions. We continually monitor potential capital sources, including equity and debt financing, in order to meet our investment and target liquidity requirements. 
    
  Our total capital expenditures are estimated at $50.0 million for 2016. We expect to spend approximately $20.0 million for the purchase and manufacture of equipment and $30.0 million for other property, plant and equipment, inclusive of the purchase or construction of facilities. The actual amount of capital expenditures for the manufacture of equipment may fluctuate based on market conditions. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , capital expenditures were   $29.8 million   and   $88.3 million  , respectively, all of which were funded from internally generated funds. We believe our cash on hand, cash flows from operations and potential borrowings under our Credit Facility (as defined below), should be sufficient to fund our capital expenditure and liquidity requirements for the remainder of   2016   and all of 2017.  
    
  We paid dividends on our common stock of   $62.3 million  , or an aggregate of $0.375 per common share, in addition to   $8.0 million   in distributions to our noncontrolling interests during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . On July 22, 2016, our board of directors approved the decrease of our quarterly dividend from $0.15 per share to $0.075 per share. The timing, declaration, amount of, and payment of any dividends is within the discretion of our board of managing directors subject to the approval of our board of supervisory directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, covenants associated with certain of our debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets, and other factors deemed relevant by our board of managing directors and our board of supervisory directors. We do not have a legal obligation to pay any dividend and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. The timing of distributions to our noncontrolling interests and the resulting tax arising from their membership interests in Frank's International C.V. ("FICV") was determined pursuant to the Limited Partnership Agreement of FICV.  
    
  On August 19, 2016, we received notice from Mosing Holdings, Inc. ( MHI ) that it was exercising its right to exchange, for 52,976,000 common shares, each of the following securities: (i) 52,976,000 Preferred Shares and (ii) 52,976,000 units in FICV. We issued 52,976,000 common shares to MHI on August 26, 2016. As a result, there will be no remaining issued or outstanding Preferred Shares and the Mosing family will beneficially own approximately 173,837,084 common shares of the Company. 
    
  Credit Facility 
    
  We have a $100.0 million revolving credit facility with certain financial institutions, including up to $20.0 million in letters of credit and up to $10.0 million in swingline loans, which matures in August 2018 (the  Credit Facility ). Subject to the terms of the Credit Facility, we have the ability to increase the commitments to $150.0 million. At  

35 

September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we did not have any outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Facility. We had   $3.8 million   and   $4.7 million   in letters of credit outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. If our Adjusted EBITDA levels do not increase in future quarters, our borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility could be reduced.  
    
  Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at either a base rate or an adjusted Eurodollar rate. Base rate loans under the Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to the higher of (i) the prime rate as published in the Wall Street Journal, (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.50% or (iii) the adjusted Eurodollar rate plus 1.00%, plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.50% to 1.50%, subject to adjustment based on a leverage ratio. Interest is in each case payable quarterly for base-rate loans. Eurodollar loans under the Credit Facility bear interest at an adjusted Eurodollar rate equal to the Eurodollar rate for such interest period multiplied by the statutory reserves, plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.50% to 2.50%. Interest is payable at the end of applicable interest periods for Eurodollar loans, except that if the interest period for a Eurodollar loan is longer than three months, interest is paid at the end of each three-month period. The unused portion of the Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee ranging from 0.250% to 0.375% based on certain leverage ratios. 
    
  The Credit Facility contains various covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to grant certain liens, make certain loans and investments, enter into mergers or acquisitions, enter into hedging transactions, change our lines of business, prepay certain indebtedness, enter into certain affiliate transactions, incur additional indebtedness or engage in certain asset dispositions.  
    
  The Credit Facility also contains financial covenants, which, among other things, require us, on a consolidated basis, to maintain: (i) a ratio of total consolidated funded debt to adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facility)  of not more than 2.50 to 1.0 and (ii) a ratio of EBITDA to interest expense of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the Credit Facility. 
    
  In addition, the Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including, among others, the failure to make required payments, failure to comply with certain covenants or other agreements, breach of the representations and covenants contained in the agreements, default of certain other indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency and the occurrence of a change in control. 
    
  Tax Receivable Agreement 
    
  We entered into a tax receivable agreement (the  TRA ) with FICV and MHI in connection with our IPO. The TRA generally provides for the payment by us to MHI of 85% of the amount of the actual reductions, if any, in payments of U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax in periods after our IPO (which reductions we refer to as "cash savings") as a result of (i) the tax basis increases resulting from the transfer of FICV interests to us in connection with the conversion of shares of Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock on August 26, 2016 and (ii) imputed interest deemed to be paid by us as a result of, and additional tax basis arising from, payments under the TRA. In addition, the TRA provides for interest earned from the due date (without extensions) of the corresponding tax return to the date of payment specified by the TRA. We will retain the remaining 15% of cash savings, if any. The payment obligations under the TRA are our obligations and not obligations of FICV. The term of the TRA continues until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired, unless we exercise our right to terminate the TRA. 
    
  If we elect to execute our sole right to terminate the TRA early, we would be required to make an immediate payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits subject to the TRA (based upon certain assumptions and deemed events set forth in the TRA, including the assumption that it has sufficient taxable income to fully utilize such benefits and that any FICV interests that MHI or its transferees own on the termination date are deemed to be exchanged on the termination date). In addition, payments due under the TRA will be similarly accelerated following certain mergers or other changes of control. 
    
  In certain circumstances, we may be required to make payments under the TRA that we have entered into with 
  MHI. In most circumstances, these payments will be associated with the actual cash savings that we recognize in connection with the conversion of Preferred Stock, which would reduce the actual tax benefit to us. If we were to elect  

36 

to exercise our sole right to terminate the TRA early or enter into certain change of control transactions, we may incur payment obligations prior to the time we actually incur any tax benefit. In those circumstances, we would need to pay the amounts out of cash on hand, finance the payments or refrain from triggering the obligation. Though we do not have any present intention of triggering an advance payment under the TRA, based on our current liquidity and our expected ability to access debt and equity financing, we believe we would be able to make such a payment if necessary. Any such payment could reduce our cash on hand and our borrowing availability, however, which would also reduce the amount of cash available to operate our business, to fund capital expenditures and to be paid as dividends to our stockholders, among other things. Please see Note 14 - Related Party Transactions in the   Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  . 
    
  Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities  
    
  Cash flows provided by (used in) our operations, investing and financing activities are summarized below (in thousands): 

Statements of cash flows for entities with international operations that use the local currency as the functional currency exclude the effects of the changes in foreign currency exchange rates that occur during any given year, as these are noncash changes. As a result, changes reflected in certain accounts on the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows may not reflect the changes in corresponding accounts on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  Operating Activities 
    
  Cash flow from operating activities was   $27.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   $295.4 million   in the comparable period in   2015  . The decrease in   2016   was due to a net loss, lower deferred tax provision and changes in working capital, primarily in accounts receivable, inventories, deferred revenue and accrued expenses and other liabilities. The changes were a result of lower activity due to depressed oil and gas prices. Non-current liabilities also decreased primarily as a result of payments to former key employees pursuant to our executive deferred compensation plan.  
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  Cash flow used in investing activities was   $17.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   $164.0 million   in the comparable period in   2015  . The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was primarily related to the Timco acquisition that occurred in the prior year in addition to lower capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   in comparison to the same period in   2015   as a result of a reduction in the need for additional equipment and machinery to service our customers due to declining rig activity caused by lower oil and gas prices. We also received $11.1 million in proceeds from the sale of investments in our executive deferred compensation plan, which was used to make payments to former key employees.  

37 

Financing Activities 
    
  Cash flow used in financing activities was   $79.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   $117.2 million   in the comparable period in   2015  . The decrease in cash flow used in financing activities was primarily due to lower noncontrolling interest payments of   $35.5 million   due to less estimable income tax associated with the partnership partially offset by repayments on borrowings of   $7.1 million  .  
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies  
    
  There were no changes to our significant accounting policies from those disclosed in our Annual Report. 
    
  Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Refer to Note 1 - Basis of Presentation in the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of accounting standards we recently adopted or will be required to adopt. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  We are exposed to certain market risks that are inherent in our financial instruments and arise from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. A discussion of our market risk exposure in financial instruments is presented below. 
    
  The primary objective of the following information is to provide forward-looking quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses or gains, but rather indicators of reasonably possible losses or gains. This forward-looking information provides indicators of how we view and manage our ongoing market risk exposures.  
    
  Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
    
  We operate in virtually every oil and natural gas exploration and production region in the world. In some parts of the world, the currency of our primary economic environment is the U.S. dollar, and we use the U.S. dollar as our functional currency. In other parts of the world, such as Europe, Norway, Africa and Brazil, we conduct our business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and the functional currency is the applicable local currency. Assets and liabilities of entities for which the functional currency is the local currency are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, resulting in translation adjustments that are reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the shareholders  equity section on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. A portion of our net assets are impacted by changes in foreign currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar.  
    
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , on a U.S. dollar-equivalent basis, approximately 24.9% of our revenue was represented by currencies other than the U.S. dollar. However, no single foreign currency poses a primary risk to us. A hypothetical 10% decrease in the exchange rates for each of the foreign currencies in which a portion of our revenues is denominated would result in a 2.3% decrease in our overall revenues for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
   In December 2015, we began entering into short-duration foreign currency forward contracts. We use these instruments to mitigate our exposure to non-local currency operating working capital. We are also exposed to market risk on our forward contracts related to potential non-performance by our counterparty. It is our policy to enter into derivative contracts with counterparties that are creditworthy institutions. 

38 

We account for our derivative activities under the accounting guidance for derivatives and hedging. Derivatives are recognized on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at fair value. Although the derivative contracts will serve as an economic hedge of the cash flow of our currency exchange risk exposure, they are not formally designated as hedge contracts for hedge accounting treatment. Accordingly, any changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments during a period will be included in our condensed consolidated statements of operations.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had the following foreign currency derivative contracts outstanding in U.S. dollars (thousands): 

Based on the derivative contracts that were in place as of   September 30, 2016  , a simultaneous 10% devaluation of the Canadian dollar, Euro, Norwegian kroner, and Pound sterling compared to the U.S. dollar would result in a $1.7 million increase in the market value of our forward contracts. 
    
  In February 2015, the Venezuelan government created a new open market foreign exchange system, the Marginal Currency System, or SIMADI, which was the third system in a three-tier exchange control mechanism. SIMADI was a floating market rate for the conversion of Venezuelan Bolivar Fuertes ("Bolivars") to U.S. dollars based on supply and demand. The three-tier exchange rate mechanisms included the following: (i) the National Center of Foreign Commerce official rate of 6.3 Bolivars per U.S. dollar, which remained unchanged; (ii) the SICAD I, which continued to hold periodic auctions for specific sectors of the economy; and (iii) the SIMADI.  
    
  On March 9, 2016, the Central Bank of Venezuela issued Exchange Agreement No. 35, which changed the three-tiered official currency control system to a dual foreign exchange system. The preferential exchange rate, now called DIPRO, has an official rate of 10 Bolivars to the U.S. dollar and replaces the official rate of 6.3 Bolivars. DIPRO is available for essential imports and transactions. All other transactions will be subject to the DICOM rate, which is the replacement for the SIMADI.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we applied the SIMADI exchange rate as we believed that this rate best represented the economics of our business activity in Venezuela. At   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately ($21,437) in net monetary assets denominated in Bolivars using the SIMADI rate, which was approximately 658.89 Bolivars to the U.S. dollar. In the event of a devaluation of the current exchange mechanism in Venezuela or any other new exchange  

39 

mechanism that might emerge for financial reporting purposes, it would result in our recording a devaluation charge in our condensed consolidated statements of operations.       
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have an outstanding funded debt balance under the Credit Facility. If we borrow under the Credit Facility in the future, we will be exposed to changes in interest rates on our floating rate borrowings under the Credit Facility. Although we do not currently utilize interest rate derivative instruments to reduce interest rate exposure, we may do so in the future. 
    
  Customer Credit Risk 
    
  Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk are trade receivables. We extend credit to customers and other parties in the normal course of business. International sales also present various risks including governmental activities that may limit or disrupt markets and restrict the movement of funds. We operate in more than 60 countries and as such our accounts receivables are spread over many countries and customers. As of   September 30, 2016  , two customers in Venezuela and Angola accounted for approximately 13% of our gross accounts receivables balance. Our receivables in Venezuela and Angola are denominated in U.S. dollars. We have experienced payment delays from our national oil company customer in Venezuela and have been notified of a six month delay in payment from the national oil company in Angola as it is undergoing restructuring. These receivables are not disputed, and we have not historically had material write-offs relating to these customers. We maintain an allowance for uncollectible accounts receivables based on expected collectability and ongoing credit evaluations of our customers  financial condition. If the financial condition of our customers were to diminish resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, adjustments to the allowance may be required. Due to the uncertainty of collection from our national oil company customer in Venezuela, we recorded an allowance of $9.7 million during the second quarter of 2016. In the first quarter of 2016, we also made a decision to curtail operations in Venezuela and operations in Angola are significantly down due to the drop in oil prices. 
    
  We are also exposed to credit risk because our customers are concentrated in the oil and natural gas industry. This concentration of customers may impact overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, because our customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic and industry conditions, including sensitivity to commodity prices. While current energy prices are important contributors to positive cash flow for our customers, expectations about future prices and price volatility are generally more important for determining future spending levels. However, any prolonged increase or decrease in oil and natural gas prices affects the levels of exploration, development and production activity, as well as the entire health of the oil and natural gas industry, and can therefore negatively impact spending by our customers. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures 
    
           (a) 
    Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
       
  As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon the evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016   at the reasonable assurance level. 
    
           (b) 
    Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

40 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

41 

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.      Legal Proceedings 
    
  We are the subject of lawsuits and claims arising in the ordinary course of business from time to time. A liability is accrued when a loss is both probable and can be reasonably estimated. We had no material accruals for loss contingencies, individually or in the aggregate, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . We believe the probability is remote that the ultimate outcome of these matters would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  We are conducting an internal investigation of the operations of certain of our foreign subsidiaries in West Africa including possible violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, our policies and other applicable laws. In June 2016, we voluntarily disclosed the existence of our extensive internal review to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the United States Department of Justice and other governmental entities. It is our intent to fully cooperate with these agencies and any other applicable authorities in connection with any further investigation that may be conducted in connection with this matter. While our review does not currently indicate that there has been any material impact on our previously filed financial statements, we continue to collect information and are unable to predict the ultimate resolution of these matters with these agencies. Our board and management are committed to continuously enhancing our internal controls that support improved compliance and transparency throughout our global operations. 

Item 1A.        Risk Factors 
    
    In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risks under the heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report, which risks could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. These risks are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.  

Item 2.      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  As part of our initial public offering in August 2013, we issued 52,976,000 shares of our Series A convertible preferred stock (the  Preferred Stock ) to Mosing Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and affiliate of the Company with Mosing family entities as its shareholders ( MHI ). Under our Amended Articles of Association, upon the written election of MHI, each Preferred Share, together with a unit in Frank s International C.V. ( FICV ), our subsidiary, is convertible into a share of our common stock on a one-for-one basis.  
    
  On August 19, 2016, we received notice from MHI exercising its right to exchange (the  Exchange Right ) for an equivalent number of each of the following securities for common shares: (i) 52,976,000 Preferred Shares and (ii) 52,976,000 units in FICV. We issued 52,976,000 common shares to MHI on August 26, 2016. As a result, there will be no remaining issued Preferred Shares and the Mosing family will beneficially own approximately 173,837,084 of our common shares.  
    
  The issuance of the common shares to MHI in connection with the exercise of the Exchange Right was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof.  

Item 6.    Exhibits  
    
  The Exhibit Index, which follows the signature page to this report and is incorporated by reference herein, sets forth a list of exhibits to this report. 

42 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FRANK'S INTERNATIONAL N.V. 

Date: November 3, 2016 
      
    By: 
    /s/ Jeffrey J. Bird                                         

Jeffrey J. Bird 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

43 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Represents management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
              * 
    Filed herewith. 
              ** 
    Furnished herewith. 

44 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 fi_09302016xexx101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 

CONFIDENTIAL SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE 
    
  This Confidential Separation Agreement and Release ( Agreement ) is  by  and between William John Walker ( Employee ) and Frank s International, LLC and its affiliated or subsidiary/parent/related companies  (collectively  referred  to as the  Company ).  Employee and the Company are collectively referred to as  the Parties.   This Agreement was delivered to Employee on July 25, 2016. 
  1.  Separation Date.     Employee  separated  from  his/her  employment with the Company effective August 15, 2016 ( Separation Date ).    
  2.        Benefits Unchanged by This Agreement.    To the extent Employee is qualified to receive any  benefits  through  or  after termination of employment, such benefits qualification will be determined by each benefit s existing terms and conditions, which are unchanged by this Agreement.  This provision covers  all Restricted Stock Unit, Executive Deferred Compensation, or any other benefits Employee may be eligible to receive.   
  3.        Severance Provided to Employee  .  Only in exchange for Employee s promises made by signing  this  Agreement,  and continued compliance with this Agreement, and any other agreements with the Company, the Company will provide Severance to Employee as follows: 
  (a)        A  lump  sum payment equal to five hundred twelve thousand dollars ($512,000), which  is  equal  to  one  year  of  base  salary, and a lump sum payment of five hundred twelve thousand  dollars  ($512,000),  which  is equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the Employee s Short  Term Incentive target amount.  These payments will be paid to Employee within sixty (60) days following the Separation Date, provided no such payment will be made prior to the date the Company  receives  (as  directed in the Notices section below) Employee s signed Agreement and the revocation period in Section 6(g) below has expired. 
  (b)        A  lump  sum  payment  of thirteen thousand two hundred seventy-two dollars ($13,272),  which  is equal to the value of the employer portion of the group health plan premium cost for the level of coverage elected by Employee.  This payment will be paid to Employee within sixty (60) days following the Separation Date, provided no such payment will be made prior to the date  the  Company  receives  (as  directed  in  the  Notices  section below) Employee s signed Agreement and the revocation period in Section 6(g) below has expired.   
  (c)        The Company will provide  outplacement  assistance  to  Employee,  provided the total value of such assistance shall not exceed  fifteen  thousand dollars ($15,000) and all such assistance shall be provided within twelve (12) months after  the  Separation  Date.  If Employee elects to receive such outplacement assistance, the Company will reimburse Employee for such expense, subject to the limits contained in the preceding sentence, provided  Employee shall be required to submit requests  for  reimbursement  to  the  Company  no  later than thirty  (30) days after  the  end  of  the  calendar   year  in  which  the  expenses  are  incurred  and  any  such  reimbursement shall be paid by the Company within thirty (30) days following the receipt of the reimbursement request,  provided no such payment will be made prior to the date the Company receives  (as  directed in the  Notices  section  below)  Employee s  signed  Agreement and the  
  
   1 

revocation period in Section 6(g) below has expired.  Employee s right to this reimbursement payment shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other payment or benefit. 
  (d)        With  respect  to (i) the Employee Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Agreement dated August 14th, 2013 (the "2013 RSU Agreement"), and (ii) the Employee Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Agreement dated February 23   rd   ,  2015  (the  "2015 RSU Agreement"),  the  Parties agree that Employee's separation from the Company as contemplated in this Agreement shall be deemed an involuntary termination. 
  (e)        The  Company  shall  execute a Special Vesting Agreement with Employee, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A,  pursuant  to  which  Employee  will  continue to vest in the restricted stock units granted pursuant to the Employee Restricted Stock Unit  (RSU) Agreement dated February 23, 2016, provided Employee complies with the post-employment conditions described in Exhibit A to that Agreement and the provisions of this Agreement.  In addition, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors shall not exercise its discretion to terminate  future  payments  to  Employee  under  the  separate  performance-based  Employee  Restricted  Stock Unit (RSU) Agreement dated February 23, 2016,  provided Employee complies with the provisions of this Agreement. 
  (f)        Employee  understands  the  Severance  described  in  Sections  3(a)-(d) is made available to him/her in exchange for Employee s promises made in this Agreement, and is not otherwise due to Employee under any law or agreement.   
  (g)        Employee understands and acknowledges that any payments under this Section 3 which are classified as  nonqualified deferred compensation  for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Section 409A ) shall be subject to the provisions of Section 15 below.   
  4.        Compensation Paid in Final Paycheck.    Employee acknowledges that in addition to the Severance  provided  in  Section 3,  that  Employee  will  receive  by  the date required by applicable law, his/her final paycheck ( Final Paycheck ) including his/her salary owed for time worked through the Separation Date.  Once  this  Final  Paycheck  is paid, Employee represents that he/she will have received all  compensation  due  to him/her,  including  salary,  bonuses,  or  any  other  compensation or benefits which  Employee  believes  are  owed  for  any  time  worked  through the Separation Date, except any amounts to be paid to Employee as noted in Section 2 or 3 above. 
  5.        Release of all Claims and Promise Not to Sue  .    In return for Company s promises in this Agreement,  Employee  voluntarily and knowingly hereby waives, releases, and discharges the Company, its current and former parent, predecessor, successor, subsidiary, and affiliate companies, and all of their current and former employees, officers, directors, owners, agents and assigns (collectively the  Released Parties )  from  all  claims,  liabilities,  demands,  and  causes  of action, known or unknown, fixed or contingent, which Employee may have or claim to have against any of them as a result of Employee s employment  and/or  termination  from  employment  and/or  as  a  result  of  any  other  matter  arising through  the date of Employee s signature on this Agreement.      In addition, if Employee continues to work for the Company after signing this Agreement, Employee agrees to sign a separate but similar release of all claims and  promise  not  to  sue  on  his/her  Separation Date  to  cover anything occurring between the signing  of  this Agreement and the Separation Date.  Employ  ee agrees not to file a lawsuit against any  
  
   2 

Released  Parties  to assert any such released claims, and Employee agrees not to accept any monetary damages  or  other  personal  relief  (including  legal  or  equitable  relief)  in  connection  with  any  administrative  agency  report, claim or lawsuit filed by any person or entity or governmental agency.  Employee  represents  he/she  has  not  already  made,  transferred  or assigned any rights to the claims released in this Agreement.  This waiver, release and discharge includes, but is not limited to:  
  (a)        laws applicable in foreign jurisdictions, 
  (b)        claims  arising  under  federal,  state,  or  local  laws  regarding employment or prohibiting employment discrimination such as, without limitation, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Pay Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Older Workers  Benefit Protection  Act,  the  Genetic  Information  Nondiscrimination  Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the National Labor Relations Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1866 (42 U.S.C.   1981), the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA),  Chapters  21,  61  and  451 of the Texas Labor Code, all employment and civil rights portions of any Texas or Louisiana statutes or applicable law, the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, the Wall  Street Reform Act of 2010 ( Dodd-Frank Act ), Comprehensive Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act,  
  (c)        claims  for  breach  of  oral  or  written  contract,  whether  express  or implied, promissory estoppel or quantum meruit;  
  (d)        claims  for personal injury, harm, or other damages (whether intentional or unintentional and whether occurring on the job or not, including, without limitation, negligence, defamation,  misrepresentation,  fraud,  intentional  infliction  of   emotional   distress,   assault,  battery, invasion of privacy, and other such tort or injury claims);  
  (e)        claims growing out of any legal restrictions on the Company s right to terminate employment of its employees including any claims based on any violation of public policy or retaliation for taking a protected action;  
  (f)        claims  regarding  any  restrictions  on the Company s right to enforce any of Employee s post-termination obligations regarding non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation, and non-interference;  
  (g)        claims  for  workers  compensation, wages, overtime, bonuses, incentive compensation, vacation pay, or any other form of compensation; or  
  (h)        claims for benefits including, without limitation, those arising under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act.   
  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL WAIVE OR MODIFY THE FOLLOWING RIGHTS IF EMPLOYEE OTHERWISE HAS SUCH RIGHTS: 
  (a)        any right or claim provided under this Agreement; 
  
   3 

(b)        any right or claim which is not waivable as a matter of law; 
  (c)        any right to seek unemployment compensation benefits if Employee is otherwise qualified under applicable law; 
  (d)        any rights regarding a pending workers  compensation claim, however, Employee states that he/she has no unfiled workers  compensation claim or unreported injury; or 
  (e)        any claim based on facts occurring after this Agreement is signed.  
  6.        Employee s Release of Age Discrimination Claims  .  In addition, Employee acknowledges the following:   
  (a)        This  Agreement  is  written  in a manner calculated to be understood by Employee and that Employee in fact understands the terms, conditions and effect of this Agreement.   
  (b)        This Agreement refers to rights or claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and Older Workers  Benefit Protection Act.   
  (c)        Employee  does  not  waive  rights  or  claims  that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed. 
  (d)        Employee waives rights or claims only in exchange for consideration in addition to anything of value to which Employee is already entitled. 
  (e)        Employee is advised in writing to consult with an attorney prior to executing the Agreement. 
  (f)        Employee has twenty-one (21) days in which to consider this Agreement before accepting,  but  need  not  take  that  long  if  the  Employee  does  not  wish  to.    Employee  acknowledges that any decision to sign this Agreement before the  twenty-one  (21)  days  have  expired was done so voluntarily and not because of any fraud or coercion or improper conduct by Company.   
  (g)        This  Agreement allows a period of seven (7) days following Employee s signature on the agreement  during  which Employee may revoke this Agreement.  This Agreement is not effective  until after the  revocation  period  has  been  exhausted  without  any  revocation  by  Employee.  No payments shall be made until after the Agreement becomes effective. 
  (h)        Employee  fully  understands  all  of  the  terms  of  this  waiver agreement and knowingly and voluntarily enters into this Agreement.   
  (i)        Employee has been given this Agreement to consider on July 25, 2016.  Any notice of  acceptance  or  revocation  should be made by Employee to the Company as specified in the Notices  section  at  the end of this Agreement.    Employee should not sign this Agreement prior to his Separation Date. 
  
   4 

7.        Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information.     Employee  acknowledges that he/she has had  access  to  confidential  information,  training and Company goodwill ( Confidential Information )  while  employed  by the Company, including without limitation, any information obtained by Employee during  the  course  of  Employee's  employment  with the Company, concerning the business or affairs of the Company or that of its customers, suppliers, contractors, subcontractors, agents or representatives.  
  (a)        Confidential Information includes any information about the Company that has not been intentionally publicly disclosed by the Company; knowledge, data, trade secrets, proprietary information, or information provided to the Company by its customers, suppliers, contractors, subcontractors,  business  partners,  agents  or representatives (regardless of whether the Company  is contractually  obligated  to  keep  such  information  confidential).    Confidential  Information  includes,  without  limitation,  information  relating to the services, products, policies, practices, pricing, costs, suppliers, vendors, methods, processes, techniques, finances, administration, employees, devices, trade secrets and operations of the Company, any inventions, modifications, discoveries, designs, developments, improvements, processes, software programs, work of authorship,  documentation,  formula,  data,  technique, know-how, secret or intellectual property right by any Company employee, Company customers or potential customers, marketing, sales activities, development programs, promotions, manufacturing, machining, drawings, future and current plans regarding business and customers, e-mails, notes, manufacturing documents, engineering documents, formulas, financial statements, bids, projects reports, handling documentation,  machinery  and  compositions,  all  financial  data  relating  to  the   Company,  business methods, accounting and tracking methods, books, inventory handling procedure, credit, credit  procedures,  indebtedness,   financing   procedures,   investments,   trading,   shipping,  production,  processing,  welding,  fabricating,  assembling,  domestic  and foreign operations, customer  and  vendor  and supplier lists, data storage in any medium (electronically, hard copy) contact  information,  lab  reports,  lab  work, and any data or materials used in and created during the  development  of  any of the aforementioned materials or processes. Confidential Information may include but is not limited to the areas of piping and fabrication, connectors, hammers, casing equipment,   cementing  equipment,  laydown  equipment,  completion  equipment,  manipulating  and  handling  tubulars,  drilling of subterranean and offshore wells, energy exploration, energy drilling, energy production, and the processing of hydrocarbons.  
  (b)        Employee acknowledges that this Confidential Information is confidential, proprietary,  not  known  outside  of  the  Company s  business,  valuable, special and/or a unique asset  of  the  Company  which belongs to the Company and gives the Company a competitive advantage.  If this Confidential Information were disclosed to third parties or used by third parties and/or  Employee,  such  disclosure  or use would seriously and irreparably damage the Company and  cause  the  loss  of  certain  competitive  advantages.  Employee promises he/she has not and will  not  disclose  in  any  way,  or  use for Employee s own benefit or for the benefit of anyone besides the Company, the Confidential Information described above.   
  8.        Protected Disclosures, Reporting to Government Agencies.    Nothing in this Agreement shall  prevent  Employee from filing a charge or complaint or making a disclosure or report of possible unlawful activity, including a challenge to the validity of this Agreement, with any governmental agency,  
  
   5 

including  but  not  limited  to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( EEOC ), the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ), or the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), or to an attorney, solely  for  the  purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or from participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, NLRB, SEC, or any federal, state or local agency, or  other actions protected as whistleblower activity under applicable law.  Further, a disclosure of trade secrets is not a prohibited disclosure if made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding,  if such filing is made under seal.  This Agreement does not impose any condition precedent (such  as prior disclosure to the Company), any penalty, or any other restriction or limitation adversely affecting Employee s rights regarding any governmental agency disclosure, report, claim or investigation.  Employee  understands  and  recognizes,  however,  that  even  if  a report is made or a charge is filed by him/her  or  on  his/her  behalf  with  a  governmental  agency,      Employee  will not be entitled to any damages or payment of any money or other relief personal to him/her relating to any event which occurred prior to his/her execution of this Agreement  . 
  For avoidance of doubt, employee understands that nothing in this agreement shall be construed as prohibiting truthful testimony in any formal or informal interviews or proceedings with law enforcement officials. 
    
  9.        Non-Competition/Non-Solicitation/Non-Interference  . Employee acknowledges that the highly competitive nature of the Company s business, Employee s position with the Company, and the Confidential Information, training, and goodwill provided to Employee during his/her employment with the Company, support Employee s promises not to compete with the Company, and not to solicit or interfere with the Company s relationships with its customers and employees as stated below, for twelve (12) months following his/her separation from the Company ( the Restricted Period ) regardless of the reason for the separation, within the Restricted Area of the Louisiana parishes of Lafayette, Iberia, and Terrebonne and the Texas counties of Harris, Fort Bend, Montgomery, Brazoria, and Galveston, as well as any county/parish in which the Employee engaged in the Company Business (defined below) during the last twelve (12) months of Employee s employment with the Company.   
  (a)        Non-Competition  .   During  the Restricted Period and in the Restricted Area, Employee  will  not  engage  in  or  carry  on,  directly  or indirectly, a business similar to and competitive with that of the Company ( Competing Business ).  The business of the Company ( Company Business ) specifically includes, but is not limited to, tubular sales, casing installation, completion installation, and specialty products divisions of the Company s business as well as Company s  current  and  planned  (future)  bids,  projects, contracts, and relationships with its customers and potential customers.  Accordingly, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, own, manage,  operate, join, become employed or engaged by, partner in, control, participate in, be connected  with,  loan  money or sell or lease equipment or property to, or otherwise be affiliated with  any Competing Business.  For further clarity, Competing Business shall include the design, sales,  marketing,  fabrication,  installation,  provision,  repair,  or manufacturing of products or services  similar  to  or  functionally  equivalent  to  those  designed,  sold,  installed, repaired, fabricated,  manufactured,  produced,  provided,  marketed  or  licensed  by the Company.  The foregoing  notwithstanding,  Employee  may  own  less than two percent (2%) of the outstanding  
  
   6 

stock of any class for a Competing Business which sells its stock on a national securities exchange and if  Employee  is  not  involved  in the management of such Competing Business.  Further, Competing  Business  and  Restricted  Area,  as  defined above, shall not include any geographic areas,  services,  or  products  of  the  Company in which Employee had no responsibility, no involvement and about which he/she had no access to Confidential Information. 
  (b)        Non-Solicitation/Non-Interference of Employees/Contractors  .  During the Restricted  Period  and  in  the  Restricted  Area,  Employee  further  agrees that he/she will not interfere  with  the  Company s  relationship  with, solicit or hire or otherwise encourage to change or  leave  their  employment  or  contractor  position  with  the  Company any person currently employed  by or engaged as a contractor to the Company, or who was employed by or engaged by the  Company  during  Employee s  employment  with  the  Company.  This restriction shall not include  any  current or potential employee or contractor of the Company for which Employee had no  responsibility,  no  involvement,  and  about  which  he/she  had no access to Confidential Information during his/her employment with the Company. 
  (c)        Non-Solicitation/Non-Interference of Customers, Vendors, Suppliers  .   During the Restricted Period and in the Restricted Area, Employee further agrees that he/she will not solicit business  from,  nor  encourage  or otherwise cause any current or potential customer, vendor or supplier  of  the Company, including its current or planned (future) projects, bids, or contracts, to cease or materially change their current or potential business relationship with the Company or otherwise attempt to interfere with these Company relationships.  For purposes of this Section,  potential  customer,  vendor  or supplier   shall  mean  any  entity  or  person  with  whom the Company has been pursuing a business relationship during Employee s employment with the Company, and any  potential business relationship  shall mean any relationship pursued by the Company during Employee s employment with the Company, including any current or planned (future)  bids,  projects  or  contracts.  This restriction shall not include any current or potential customer, vendor or supplier of the Company for which Employee had no responsibility, no involvement, and about which he/she had no access to Confidential Information during his/her employment with the Company. 
  (d)        To  the  extent  of  any  conflict  or inconsistency between the restrictive covenants set  forth  in  this  Section 9 and the restrictive covenants set forth in any other agreement between the  Company  and  Employee, including, without limitation, the 2013 RSU Agreement, the 2015 RSU  Agreement, and the Employee Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Agreement dated February 23, 2016, the terms of this Section 9 shall control. 
  10.        Intellectual Property  .   Employee ratifies any previous assignment for any Intellectual Property  under  other  agreements  or  obligations,  including  any fiduciary duty to the Company, and otherwise  hereby  assigns to the Company all right, title and interest Employee has or may acquire in and to  any  Intellectual  Property  that  results  from  Employee s efforts, either alone or jointly with others, during  the  period  of Employee s employment with the Company.   Intellectual Property  means any and all  inventions,  discoveries,  developments,  innovations,  processes, designs, methods, technologies, formulae,  models,  research and development, patents, patent applications, trade secrets and other  
  
   7 

Confidential  Information  and  works  of  authorship  (including  copyrightable works, copyrights and copyright  applications),  and  improvements  to  any  of  the  foregoing that, either alone or jointly with others:   (a)  result  from  any  work  performed  on  behalf of the Company, or from a research project suggested  by  the  Company;  (b)  relate  in  any  way to the existing or contemplated Business of the Company; or (c) result from the use of the Company s time, material, employees or facilities.  Employee acknowledges and agrees that any work Employee performs for the Company during employment that constitutes  copyrightable  subject  matter  shall  be  considered  a   work made for hire  as that term is defined  in  the  United  States  Copyright  Act  (17 U.S.C. Section 101). Employee hereby ratifies and otherwise  transfers  and  assigns  to  the  Company,  and  waives  and agrees never to assert, any and all rights to claim  authorship,  rights  to  object  to  any modification or other moral rights that Employee may have  in  or  with  respect  to  any Intellectual Property and/or works made for hire, even after termination of Employee s employment. Employee further agrees that if, in the course of providing services to the Company, Employee incorporates any intellectual property owned by Employee, the Company is hereby granted  a  nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide right and license to make, have made, copy, modify, use, distribute and sell such intellectual property or products incorporating such intellectual property of Employee.  During and after Employee s employment, Employee will assist and cooperate  with  the  Company  for  no  additional  compensation  but  at  the  Company s out of pocket expense  and  execute  documents  requested  by  the  Company to acquire, transfer, maintain, perfect and enforce  the  Company s  rights  to the Intellectual Property, including patent, copyright, trade secret and other protections for the Company s Intellectual Property.   
  11.        Employee Acknowledgement of Need For Protections and Restrictions Promised; Modifications of Restrictions  .    Employee acknowledges and understands that his/her promises in this Agreement restrict some of his/her actions during and after employment with the Company.  However, Employee  acknowledges  and  agrees  that he/she has or will receive sufficient consideration from the Company under this Agreement to justify such restrictions.  Employee understands and agrees that the restrictions  in  this  Agreement  shall  continue  beyond  the  termination of Employee s employment, regardless of the reason for such termination.   
  12.        Remedies  .    Employee  acknowledges that money damages would not be sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by Employee, and that the Company shall be entitled to enforce this Agreement by specific performance and immediate injunctive relief as remedies for such breach or any threatened  breach.    Such  remedies  shall  not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement, but shall be in addition to all remedies available to the Company at law, under common and statutory  law,  the  Texas  Uniform  Trade  Secrets Act, under other agreements, or in equity, including, without  limitation,  the recovery  of attorneys  fees incurred by the Company in enforcing this Agreement or otherwise protecting its rights, as well as damages caused by Employee and his/her agents involved in such breach.  
  13.        Notification to Subsequent Employers/Business Opportunities  .    Employee further acknowledges  that  in  order  to enforce his/her obligations under this Agreement that the Company will need to notify any subsequent actual or potential employers or other business opportunities Employee is considering  and  who  are  engaged  in  a  Competing  Business of Employee s obligations under this Agreement.   Employee  agrees  to  notify  the  Company  of  the identity of his/her employers or other  
  
   8 

potential  business  opportunities potentially engaged in a Competing Business during for the Restricted Period and Employee consents to the Company providing notification to these employers or business opportunities of Employee s ongoing obligations to the Company under this Agreement or under other applicable laws or agreements with the Company. 
  14.        Tolling of Restricted Period  .    The duration of the Restricted Period shall be tolled and suspended for any period that Employee is in violation of these covenants up to a period of twelve (12) months, to the extent allowed, unless such tolling is disallowed under applicable law. 
  15.        Section 409A Compliance  .  It is intended that the severance benefits and other payments payable  under  this  Agreement  satisfy,  to  the  greatest  extent  possible,  the  exemptions  from  the application  of  Section  409A  as  provided  under  Treasury  Regulations  Sections  1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A- 1(b)(5),  and  1.409A-(b)(9)  and  this  Agreement  will  be construed to the greatest extent possible as consistent  with  those  provisions.   To  the  extent  any amount paid under this Agreement is subject to Section 409A,  the  commencement  of  payment  or  provision  of  any  payment or benefit under this Agreement  shall  be  deferred  to  the minimum extent necessary to prevent the imposition of any excise taxes  or  penalties  on  the Company or Employee.  Although the Company shall use its good faith best efforts  to  avoid  the  imposition  of taxation, interest and penalties under Section 409A, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under this Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Company, its affiliates,  nor their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers shall be held liable for any taxes, interest,  penalties or other monetary amounts owed by Employee or other taxpayer as a result of the Agreement. 
  16.        Return of Company Property.    Employee agrees that he/she has returned to the Company all property (including property purchased or paid for by the Company in Employee s possession, custody or control)  which  belongs  to  the Company, including any keys, access cards, computers, cell phones, pagers, or other equipment and any Company records, files, data, and documents (whether on a work or personal  computer,   in  electronic  format  or  otherwise,  unaltered  and  unmodified,  and  whether   confidential in nature or not).   Employee  shall  immediately  report  to  Company any passwords for Employee s computer or other access codes for anything associated with Employee s employment with Company.   
  17.        Post-Employment Cooperation  .  Employee agrees to make reasonable efforts to assist Company after his separation of employment, including but not limited to:  assisting with transition of Employee s duties, assisting with issues that arise after separation of employment, and assisting with any legal  proceeding,  governmental  inquiries, investigations, lawsuit or claim involving matters occurring during  his  employment with Company.  These duties include responding to inquiries from the Company and  its  designees,  providing  relevant  information or documents, as well as providing truthful testimony at  interviews,  depositions  or  hearings,  as  requested by the Company or required by subpoena.  The Company will reimburse Employee for reasonable time and expenses in connection with any cooperation provided  by  Employee after the employment separation.  Time and expenses can include loss of pay or using vacation time at a future employer, mileage and expenses incurred. 
  18.        Neutral Reference.     For reference inquiries directed to Human Resources, the Company shall  provide a neutral reference regarding Employee s employment, including Employee s position and  
  
   9 

dates of employment and base pay.  Company is not responsible for references not directed to Human Resources.   
  19.        Confidential Agreement  .  Employee understands and agrees not to discuss or disclose any of  the  terms  of  this  Agreement  with  any  person  or  entity except for Employee s spouse, attorney, financial  advisor,  and  government  tax  authorities  or  except  as  required  by  or  protected by law.  Employee  agrees  that  any  inquiries  Employee  has  regarding  this Agreement, his employment, benefits, or termination of employment should be directed to Dan Allinger, Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources at 713-231-2545, dan.allinger@franksintl.com. 
  20.        Entire Agreement.    Employee has carefully read and fully understands all of the terms of this  Agreement.   Employee  agrees  that  this  Agreement  sets forth the entire agreement between the Company  and Employee regarding all issues involving his/her termination of employment   except that it does  not  replace  or  alter in any way any obligations Employee owes to the Company under applicable laws, or owed under any agreements regarding confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-solicitation, non-competition,  duties  of  loyalty  or  fiduciary  duty,  to the extent that such obligations are not in conflict with,  or  inconsistent  with, Employee's obligations under this Agreement.    Applicable laws may include, but are not limited to, state laws protecting company trade secrets or other confidential information.   
  21.        No Admission  .    Employee understands this Agreement is not and shall not be deemed or construed to  be  an  admission  by  Company  of  any wrongdoing of any kind or of any breach of any contract, law, obligation, policy, or procedure of any kind or nature. 
  22.        Injunctive Relief.       Employee acknowledges that damages would be difficult to calculate and/or wholly inadequate for certain breaches of this Agreement.  The Company may seek immediate injunctive  or  other  equitable  relief  to  enforce  the terms of this Agreement, in addition to any legal or other relief to which Company may be entitled, including damages and attorneys  fees.   
  23.        Representations; Modifications; Severability.     Employee  acknowledges that Employee has  not  relied  upon  any  representations  or statements, written or oral, not set forth in this Agreement.  This  Agreement  cannot  be modified except in writing and signed by both parties.  If any part of this Agreement  is  found to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such unenforceable portion  will be modified to be enforceable, or severed from this Agreement if it cannot be modified, and such modification or severance shall have no effect upon the remaining portions of the Agreement which shall remain in full force and effect.  The Company may assign all its rights and obligations under this Agreement. 
  24.        No Waiver  .   No  failure  by  either  Party  at any time to give notice of any breach by the other  Party  of, or to require compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall (i) be deemed  a  waiver  of  similar  or  dissimilar  provisions  or  conditions  at  the same or at any prior or subsequent time or (ii) preclude insistence upon strict compliance in the future. 
  25.        Applicable Law; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.    This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted  under  the laws of the State of Texas without regard to Conflict of Laws.   The  parties  agree  that any dispute concerning this Agreement shall be brought only in a court of competent jurisdiction in  
  
   10 

Harris  County, Texas,  unless  another  forum  or  venue  is  required  by law.  Both the Company and Employee  agree  to  waive  a  trial  by  jury  of  any or all issues arising under or connected with this Agreement, and consent to trial by the judge. 
  26.        Successors and Assigns.    This Agreement may be assigned by the Company and shall be binding  upon  and  inure  to  the  benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns.  Employee s obligations  under  this Agreement are personal and such obligations of Employee shall not be voluntarily or  involuntarily  assigned,  alienated,  or  transferred  by Employee without the consent of the Company, and Employee represents no such rights have previously been transferred. 
  27.        Notices.     Any  notices  regarding acceptance, rejection, or any other matters arising under this Agreement shall be sent by a method of delivery which provides a receipt of delivery and shall be addressed  as  provided below.  Notices to Employee should be addressed to his/her home address on file with the Company.  Notices to the Company should be addressed to Dan Allinger, Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources at 10260 Westheimer, Suite 700, Houston, TX 77042.   
    
  AGREED AND ACCEPTED on this       5      day of   August  , 2016. 
    
               /s/ William John Walker 
      Employee Signature 

William John Walker 
      Employee Printed Name 

AGREED AND ACCEPTED on this       5      day of   August  , 2016. 
    
               Frank's International, LLC 

By: 
    /s/ Gary P. Luquette 
      Printed Name: 
    Gary P. Luquette 
      Printed Title: 
    President and CEO 

11 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 fi_09302016xex102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Document 

Exhibit 10.2 

AMENDMENT NO. 9 TO 
    
  THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF 
  FRANK S INTERNATIONAL C.V. 

[Deemed Capital Contributions   Substitution of Limited Partner] 

THIS AGREEMENT ( AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 9 ) IS MADE EFFECTIVE  
  AS PER THE 26   TH    DAY OF AUGUST 2016 ( AMENDMENT 9 DATE ) 

BETWEEN: 
    
           (1) 
    Frank s International Management B.V.  , a private limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the Netherlands, having its corporate seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, with address Mastenmakersweg 1, 1786 PB Den Helder, The Netherlands, registered with the trade register under number 50802275 (   FIM    
       
           (2) 
    Frank s International LP B.V.  , a private limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the Netherlands, having its corporate seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, with address Mastenmakersweg 1, 1786 PB Den Helder, The Netherlands, registered with the trade register under number 50802070 (   FILP    
       
           (3) 
    Mosing Holdings, Inc.  , a corporation established under the laws of the state of Delaware, United States of America, with its registered office at 10260 Westheimer Rd, Houston, Texas 77042, United States of America (   MH    
       
           (4) 
    Frank s International N.V.  , a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the Netherlands, having its corporate seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, with address Mastenmakersweg 1, 1786 PB Den Helder, The Netherlands, registered with the trade register under number 34241787 (   FINV    
       
  these companies hereinafter each also referred to as a    Party    and jointly as the    Parties   . 

WHEREAS: 
    
           (A) 
    By agreement (the  Formation Agreement ) dated the 29th day of July, 2013 (the  Formation Date ), FIM and FILP formed and entered into a limited partnership under the laws of the Netherlands (   commanditaire vennootschap   ), hereinafter referred to as the  C.V. , for the purpose of participating in and financing of other companies. 
       
           (B) 
    By agreement (the  Amendment Agreement No. 1 ) dated the first day of August, 2013 (the  Amendment 1 Date ), FIM and FILP have recorded: 
              - 
    the additional (non-cash) capital contribution by FILP; 
              - 
    the additional (non-cash) capital contribution by FIM; and 
              - 
    an update of certain provisions of the partnership agreement governing the C.V. 
       
           (C) 
    By agreement (the  Amendment Agreement No. 2 ) dated the 8th day of August, 2013 (the  Amendment 2 Date ), FIM and FILP have recorded: 
              -  
    the additional (non-cash) capital contribution by FIM; and 
              - 
    an update of certain provisions of the partnership agreement governing the C.V. 
       
           (D) 
    By agreement (the "Amendment Agreement No. 3") dated the 14th day of August, 2013 (the  Amendment 3 Date ), FIM, FILP and MH have recorded: 
              -  
    the admission of MH as limited partner of the C.V.; and 
              - 
    an update of certain provisions of the partnership agreement governing the C.V. 
       
           (E) 
    By agreement (the "Amendment Agreement No. 4"), dated the 14th day of August, 2013 (the  Amendment 4 Date ) FIM, FILP and MH have recorded: 
              -  
    the additional capital contribution by FILP; and 
              - 
    an update of certain provisions of the partnership agreement governing the C.V. 
       
           (F) 
    By agreement (the "Amendment Agreement No. 5"), dated the 14th day of October, 2013 (the  Amendment 5 Date ) FIM, FILP and MH have recorded: 
              -  
    the additional capital contribution by FILP; 
              - 
    the additional capital contribution by FIM; and 
              - 
    an update of certain provisions of the partnership agreement governing the C.V. 

(G) 
    By agreement (the "Amendment Agreement No. 6"), dated the 14th day of August 2014 (the  Amendment 6 Date ), FIM, FILP and MH have recorded: 
              - 
    the deemed additional capital contribution by FILP and FIM; 
              - 
    the acknowledgement that on or prior to December 31, 2014 further deemed additional capital contribution may occur by FILP and FIM; and 
              - 
    an update of certain provisions of the partnership agreement governing the C.V.  
       
           (H) 
    By agreement (the "Amendment Agreement No. 7"), dated the 31th day of December 2014 (the  Amendment 7 Date ), FIM, FILP and MH have recorded: 
              - 
    the deemed additional capital contribution by FILP and FIM through the end of 2014; 
              - 
    the acknowledgement that on or prior to December 31, 2015 further deemed additional capital contribution may occur by FILP and FIM; and 
              - 
    an update of certain provisions of the partnership agreement governing the C.V. as contained in Amendment Agreement No. 6. 
       
           (I) 
    By agreement (the "Amendment Agreement No. 8"), dated the 31th day of December 2015 (the  Amendment 8 Date ), FIM, FILP and MH have recorded: 
              - 
    the deemed additional capital contribution by FILP and FIM through the end of 2015; 
              - 
    the acknowledgement that on or prior to December 31, 2016 further deemed additional capital contribution may occur by FILP and FIM; and 
              - 
    an update of certain provisions of the partnership agreement governing the C.V. as currently contained in Amendment Agreement No. 7. 
       
           (J) 
    By executing this Amendment Agreement No. 9, the Parties wish to record: 
              -  
    the deemed additional capital contribution by FILP and FIM through the Amendment 9 Date; 
              - 
    the transfer by MH of its limited partnership interest to FINV, in order to give effect to the conversion of all its convertible preferred shares in the share capital of FINV into common shares, and as a result of which MH withdraws and FINV is admitted in MH s place as limited partner of the C.V.; 
              - 
    an update of certain provisions of the partnership agreement governing the C.V. as currently contained in Amendment Agreement No. 8. 

I.1 
    Deemed contribution 
       
           I.1.1 
    Pursuant to the vesting of restricted stock units during the period from the Amendment 8 Date up to the Amendment 9 Date, FINV has issued an additional 1,637,302 shares of common stock in its capital, each with a nominal value of one eurocent (EUR 0.01), for the benefit of employees, officers and other service providers of its group. Under article 4.5.b of the partnership agreement governing the C.V., as contained in Amendment Agreement No. 8, for purposes of determining Percentage Interests and for purposes of maintaining the capital accounts, (i) the C.V. shall be treated as having made a cash payment to the employee or other service provider in an amount equal to the value of the FINV Common Shares issued, (ii) the employee or other service provider shall be treated as having purchased the FINV Common Shares for cash equal to the value of such FINV Common Shares from FINV, and (iii) FINV shall be treated as contributing such cash (through FILP and FIM) to the C.V. 
       
  The Parties have furthermore agreed that the above referenced contribution by FINV to the C.V. shall be deemed to be a contribution by FINV to FILP, upon which  
           (i) 
    FILP makes a partial contribution to FIM, followed by a contribution of the same portion by FIM to the C.V, such that FIM's Percentage Interest will remain 0.1%; and 
              (ii) 
    FILP makes a direct contribution to the C.V. of the remainder. 
       
           I.1.2 
    As a consequence of the above, the interest percentages in the C.V. are as follows: 
          
           I.2 
    Transfer of limited partnership interest 
       
           I.2.1 
    With effect as of the Amendment 9 Date and in order to give further effect to     the conversion of all the issued 52,976,000 convertible preferred shares in the share capital of FINV held by MH into 52,976,000 common shares, MH hereby transfers its interest as limited partner of the C.V., represented by its capital contributions account and its retained earnings account, as well as all rights and obligations ensuing there from, including any rights in respect of undistributed profits of the current financial year and any past periods (the "Transferred Interest") to FINV, which accepts the Transferred Interest from MH. 

As a result of the transfer of the Transferred Interest, MH withdraws as limited partner of the C.V. and FINV is admitted as limited partner of the C.V. and shall fully succeed MH as limited partner of the C.V. in relation to the Transferred Interest, and any and all rights, titles and interest of MH in the C.V. in relation to the Transferred Interest.  
    
           I.2.2 
    The Parties hereby confirm that, upon MH s withdrawal, MH and the C.V. shall have no outstanding obligations towards each other. 
       
           I.2.3 
    MH hereby represents and warrants ("  garandeert  ") to FINV the following in relation to the Transferred Interest: 
              a. 
    it has the legal authority to contribute and transfer the Transferred Interest; 
              b. 
    the Transferred Interest is not encumbered with any attachment; 
              c. 
    the Transferred Interest is not encumbered with any pledge or usufruct, or any other security right or right of use; 
              d. 
    it has complied with all its obligations under the Amendment Agreement No. 8 and there are no outstanding obligations to make capital contributions to the C.V.; and 
              e. 
    it does not hold legal title to any assets of the C.V. 

I.3 
    Consent / Amendment partnership agreement 
       
           I.3.1 
    By signing this Amendment Agreement No. 9, FILP, FIM and MH confirm their prior consent to (i) the additional (deemed) capital contributions by FILP and FIM to the C.V., (ii) the transfer of MH of its limited partnership interest to FINV, pursuant to which MH has withdrawn as a limited partner of the C.V. and (iii) the admission of FINV as limited partner of the C.V. 
       
           I.3.2 
    FIM, FILP and FINV hereby confirm for the avoidance of doubt that they continue the C.V. and wish to update the partnership agreement governing the C.V., as provided in this Amendment Agreement No. 9. 

II. 
    Updated and restated complete text of the partnership agreement 
       
  The provisions of the Amendment Agreement No. 8 are hereby modified in order to update the partnership agreement to reflect the changes as of the Amendment 9 Date. The complete text of the terms and conditions of their relationship as partners of the C.V. as modified in connection with the above, now reads as follows. 

1. 
    Definitions 
     In this Agreement and the recitals hereto the following expressions shall have the meaning set opposite them: 

C.V. : 
    Frank s International C.V., a limited partnership established under Dutch law as described in Article 2 of this Agreement; 
               FINV  
    Frank s International N.V., a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the Netherlands, having its corporate seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, with address Mastenmakersweg 1, 1786 PB Den Helder, The Netherlands, registered with the trade register under number 34241787; 
               FINV Common Shares : 
    Shares of Common stock in the capital of FINV; 
                General Partner :  
     - FIM; 
      - or any replacement general partner admitted after the date hereof; 
            Limited Partner(s) :  
       - FILP; 
      - FINV; and 
  - any limited partner admitted after the date hereof, or in singular any one of them;     
            Lower-tier Partners : 
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 12.4. 
               Managing Partner : 
    the General Partner entrusted with the management of the C.V.; 
               Partners : 
    the General Partner and the Limited Partner(s), or in singular any one of them; 
               Percentage Interest  
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 4.3; 
               Remaining Partners : 
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 8.2; 
               Resigning Partner : 
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 8.2; 
               Upper-tier Partner : 
    has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 12.1. 

2. 
    Establishment of limited partnership 
       
           2.1 
    FIM, as General Partner, and FILP, as Limited Partner, have established the C.V. with effect as from the Formation Date. As from the Amendment 3 Date, MH has been admitted as limited partner. As from the Amendment 9 Date, MH has transferred its interest as limited partner to FINV, pursuant to which MH has withdrawn as limited partner and FINV has been admitted as limited partner. 
       
           2.2 
    The C.V. s name is Frank s International C.V. It has its partnership s seat in Amsterdam, and its registered office at the principal offices of the Managing Partner. 
       
           2.3 
    The objects for which the C.V. is established are to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a limited partnership may be organized under applicable law.  The C.V. may engage in any and all activities necessary, desirable or incidental to the accomplishment of the foregoing, including: 
              a. 
    to incorporate, participate in, conduct the management of and take any other financial interest in other companies and enterprises; 
              b. 
    to render administrative, technical, financial, economic or managerial services to other companies, persons or enterprises; 
              c. 
    to acquire, dispose of, manage and exploit real and personal property, including patents, marks, licenses, permits and other industrial property rights; 
              d. 
    to borrow and/or lend moneys, act as surety or guarantor in any other manner, and bind itself jointly and severally or otherwise in addition to or on behalf of others, 
       
  the foregoing whether or not in collaboration with third parties and inclusive of the performance and promotion of all activities which directly and indirectly relate to those objects, all this in the broadest sense, provided, however, that it shall not itself engage in businesses in the Netherlands. 
  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing set forth herein shall be construed as authorizing the C.V. to possess any purpose or power, or to do any act or thing, forbidden by law to a limited partnership formed under the laws of the Netherlands. 
    
           2.4 
    Subject to the provisions of this Agreement and except as permitted by applicable law, (i) the Managing Partner acting for and on behalf of the C.V. may enter into and perform any and all documents, agreements and instruments, all without any further act, vote or approval of any other Partner, and (ii) the Managing Partner may authorize any person  

(other than a Limited Partner) to enter into and perform any document, agreement or instrument on behalf of the C.V. 
    
           2.5 
    The C.V. shall have (i) no less than one Limited Partner and (ii) one General Partner. 

3. 
    Term of the partnership 
       
           3.1 
    The C.V. is established as from the Formation Date and for an indefinite period of time. 
       
           3.2 
    The C.V. shall be terminated only upon unanimous votes of the Partners. 

4. 
    Contributions; Adjustments to Partnership Interests; Attributions or Redemptions of Partnership Interests    
       
           4.1.1 
    As per the Formation Date, FIM has made a contribution to the C.V. of an amount in cash, which amount has been paid by FIM to the bank account of the C.V. 
       
  As per the Amendment 2 Date, FIM has made a (non-cash) contribution to the C.V., consisting of convertible preferred shares in the capital of FINV, the FIBV Receivable and the OER Receivable (the FIBV Receivable and the OER Receivable as defined in the Amendment Agreement No. 2). 
    
  As per the Amendment 5 Date, FIM has made a contribution to the C.V. of an amount of USD 2,227 which amount shall be paid by FIM to the bank account of the C.V. 
    
           4.1.2 
    As per the Formation Date, FILP has made a contribution to the C.V. of an amount in cash, which amount has been paid by FILP to the bank account of the C.V. 
       
  As per the Amendment 1 Date, FILP has made a (non-cash) contribution to the C.V., consisting of its membership interest in Frank's International Co peratief U.A.) and all its intercompany balances with FI Coop and/or its subsidiaries, it being understood, however, that a portion of such contribution is deemed to be a contribution by FILP to FIM and subsequently a contribution by FIM to the C.V. 
    
  As per the Amendment 4 Date, FILP has made a contribution to the C.V. of an amount of USD 299,468,341 (representing a portion of the net proceeds from the initial public offering of FINV Common Shares) which amount shall be paid by FILP to the bank  

account of the C.V., it being understood, however, that a portion of such contribution is deemed to be a contribution by FILP to FIM and subsequently a contribution by FIM to the C.V. 
    
  As per the Amendment 5 Date, FILP has made a contribution to the C.V. of an amount of USD 1,653,333 which amount shall be paid by FILP to the bank account of the C.V. 
    
  As per the Amendment 6 Date, FILP is deemed to have made a contribution to the C.V., representing an amount equal to the value of the 953,597 shares of common stock issued on the Amendment 6 Date by FINV, in relation to the vesting of restricted stock units, it being understood, however, that a portion of such contribution is deemed to be a contribution by FILP to FIM and subsequently a contribution by FIM to the C.V. 
    
  As per the Amendment 7 Date, FILP is deemed to have made a contribution to the C.V., representing an amount equal to the value of the 93,632 shares of common stock issued during the past period, in relation to the vesting of restricted stock units, it being understood, however, that a portion of such contribution is deemed to be a contribution by FILP to FIM and subsequently a contribution by FIM to the C.V. 
    
  As per the Amendment 8 Date, FILP is deemed to have made a contribution to the C.V., representing an amount equal to the value of the 1,089,921 shares of common stock issued during 2015, in relation to the vesting of restricted stock units, it being understood, however, that a portion of such contribution is deemed to be a contribution by FILP to FIM and subsequently a contribution by FIM to the C.V. 
    
  As per the Amendment 9 Date, FILP is deemed to have made a contribution to the C.V., representing an amount equal to the value of the 1,637,302 shares of common stock issued during 2016, in relation to the vesting of restricted stock units, it being understood, however, that a portion of such contribution is deemed to be a contribution by FILP to FIM and subsequently a contribution by FIM to the C.V. 
    
           4.1.3 
    As per the Amendment 3 Date, MH has made a (non-cash) contribution to the C.V., consisting of its interests in the following companies: 
              - 
    Frank s International, LLC  , a limited liability company established under the laws of the state of Texas, United States of America United States of America; 
              - 
    Frank s Casing Crew   Rental Tools, LLC  , a limited liability company established under the laws of the state of Louisiana, United States of America, United States of America; and 

- 
    Frank s Tong Services, LLC  , a limited liability company established under the laws of the state of Oklahoma, United States of America, United States of America. 
          
  As per the Amendment 9 Date, MH has transferred its limited partnership interest to FINV and has withdrawn as limited partner, and FINV has been admitted as limited partner and succeeded MH in respect of MH s limited partnership interest. 
    
           4.2 
    If agreed by unanimous votes of the Partners and without prejudice to Article 12 (i), the Partners can make additional contributions in cash or in kind to the C.V.; and (ii) capital contributions made by the Partners to the C.V. or parts thereof can be repaid by the C.V. to the Partners. Any such additional contributions or repayments are not required to be made on a pro rata basis. 
       
           4.3 
    Upon any contribution (or deemed contribution) by the Partners, the net fair market value of such contribution shall be determined and shall be taken into account for the purpose of determining the percentage interest in the C.V. ( Percentage Interest ) held by each partner, as further described in article 4.4. 
     Solely for the purpose of United States federal income tax purposes, the C.V. shall maintain a capital account for each partner in accordance with Exhibit A, which reflects the 
  agreement of the partners regarding certain United States tax matters. 
    
           4.4 
    The Percentage Interests held by the Partners will be determined as follows: 
              a. 
    With respect to each Partner on the date hereof, the Partner s Percentage Interest will be determined by dividing the net fair market value of the contributions (whether in cash or otherwise) made by such Partner by the net fair market value of the contributions by all the Partners. 
     The Partners agree that each Partner s Percentage Interest as of the date hereof is as follows: 
       
           b. 
    In connection with any subsequent contribution (or deemed contribution) of cash, property or services to the C.V., the Percentage Interests will be redetermined, as soon as the approvals required by Article 12 have been granted. Each Partner s Percentage Interest will equal the net fair market value of the cash, property or  

services contributed (or deemed contributed) to the C.V. by such Partner divided by the net fair market value of the cash, property or services contributed (or deemed contributed) by all the Partners. For purposes of this calculation, (i) each Partner that owns an interest in the C.V. immediately prior to such subsequent contribution will be deemed to have made an aggregate contribution to the C.V. equal to its Percentage Interest (as in effect immediately prior to the redetermination) of the net fair market value of the C.V. immediately prior to such subsequent contribution and (ii) in connection with an offering of stock by FINV, the proceeds of such offering that FINV contributes to the C.V. will be deemed to include all the expenses of such offering  and the C.V. will be treated as paying all of the expenses of the offering directly to each service provider. 
    
           4.5 
    The Managing Partner shall hold legal title to the assets of the C.V., including the assets contributed by the Partners. The Managing Partner shall hold title to such assets for the risk and account of the C.V. and the beneficial ownership in such assets shall be vested in the C.V., under the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. If the Managing Partner is replaced, it shall immediately cause title to the assets to be transferred to its successor. The Managing Partner shall be authorized to transfer title to the assets of the C.V. to a legal entity, controlled by the Managing Partner, provided that such legal entity shall have as sole purpose the holding of assets for and on behalf of the C.V. 
       
           5. 
    Appointment, dismissal and authority of the Managing Partner 
       
           5.1 
    The General Partner shall be the Managing Partner. The business and affairs of the C.V. shall be managed by the Managing Partner consistent with this Agreement.  Subject to the express limitations contained in this Agreement, the Managing Partner shall have complete and absolute control of the affairs and business of the C.V., and shall possess all powers necessary, convenient or appropriate to carrying out the purposes and business of the C.V., including, without limitation, doing all things and taking all actions necessary to carry out the terms and provisions of this Agreement. Subject to the rights and powers of the Managing Partner and the limitations contained herein, the Managing Partner may delegate to any person, other than a Limited Partner, any or all of its powers, rights and obligations under this Agreement and may appoint, contract or otherwise deal with any person to perform any acts or services for the C.V. as the Managing Partner may reasonably determine.  The Managing Partner is specifically authorized to execute and sign in the name of and on behalf of the C.V. any and all agreements, certificates, instruments or other documents requisite to carrying out the intentions and purposes of this Agreement and of the C.V. 

5.2 
    No Partner other than the Managing Partner shall be entitled to perform any act of management on behalf of the C.V. or have any authority to represent the C.V. vis- -vis third parties. 
       
           5.3 
    The Managing Partner shall owe the same duties to the C.V. and the Partners as a member of the board of directors of FINV owes to FINV and its shareholders.  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute any Partner an agent or legal representative of any other Partner or to create any fiduciary relationship for any purpose whatsoever, apart from such obligations between partners in a limited partnership formed under the laws of the Netherlands as may be created by applicable law.  The Managing Partner shall not have any authority to act for, or to assume any obligation or responsibility on behalf of, any other Partner. 
       
           5.4 
    Except as provided by Article 3.2, Article 4.2 and Article 12 of this Agreement or by applicable law, the Managing Partner shall not require the prior approval of the Partners in relation to any action permitted by the terms of this Agreement. 

5.5 
    The C.V. shall reimburse the Managing Partner for all costs and expenses incurred by the Managing Partner that are directly attributable to the operation of the C.V., including costs for engaging third parties such as consultants, attorneys and accountants. 

6. 
    Financial year and annual accounts 
       
           6.1 
    The financial and tax year of the C.V. will coincide with the calendar year. 
       
           6.2 
    After the end of the financial year, or after termination of the C.V., the Managing Partner will draw up (annual) financial statements of the C.V., in such form as determined by the Managing Partner. The financial statements of the C.V. shall within eight months after the end of the financial year be submitted to the Partners for approval, unless the Partners have approved an extension of such period. 
       
           6.3 
    The C.V. shall prepare and timely file all tax returns required to be filed by the C.V. Each Partner shall furnish to the C.V. all pertinent information in its possession relating to the C.V s operations that is necessary to enable the C.V. s tax returns to be timely prepared and filed. The C.V. shall bear the costs of the preparation and filing of its tax returns. 

7. 
    Profits and Losses; Distributions 
       
           7.1 
    Except as otherwise provided in Exhibit A relating to allocations for United States income tax purposes, profits and losses (and all items of income, gain, loss and deduction) shall be allocated among the Partners in accordance with their Percentage Interests. 
       
           7.2 
    The Limited Partner(s) will not be obliged to make any additional contributions to the C.V. for any reason. 
       
            7.3.1 
    To the extent permitted by applicable law and hereunder, distributions to Partners may be declared by the Managing Partner out of legally available funds in such amounts and on such terms (including the payment dates of such distributions) as the Managing Partner shall determine using such record date as the Managing Partner may designate; such distribution shall be made to the Partners as of the close of business on such record date on a pro rata basis in accordance with their Percentage Interests as of the close of business on such record date.   
       
  Distributions on a non pro rata basis may be declared subject to the approvals required by Article 12. 
    
           7.3.2 
    To the extent permitted by applicable law and to any restrictions contained in any agreement to which the C.V. is bound prior to making distributions pursuant to Article 7.3.1, on each Tax Distribution Date the C.V. shall, subject to the availability of funds, distribute to the Partners in accordance with their Percentage Interests in cash an amount sufficient to cause each Partner to receive an amount at least equal to such Partner s Assumed Tax Liability, if any.   Tax Distribution Date  means any date that is two business days prior to the date on which estimated United States income tax payments are required to be made by calendar year individual taxpayers and each due date for the United States income tax return of an individual calendar year taxpayer (without regard to extensions) or such other dates as selected by the Managing Partner.   Assumed Tax Liability  of each Partner means an amount equal to (i) the amount of income taxes (including tax under section 1411 and any applicable estimated taxes), determined taking into account the character of income and loss allocated as it affects the applicable tax rate, that the Managing Partner estimates would be due from such Partner on such Tax Distribution Date, (x) assuming such Partner were an individual resident of the State of Louisiana who earned solely the items of income, gain, deduction, loss, and/or credit allocated to such Partner by the C.V., (y) after taking proper account of loss carryforwards available to individual taxpayers resulting from losses allocated to the Partners by the C.V.  

(including allocations provided for in Section A-5(b) of Exhibit A), to the extent not taken into account in prior periods, and (z) assuming that such Partner is subject to tax at the highest applicable rate, reduced by (ii) all other distributions made to such Partner in respect of the period for which the Assumed Tax Liability is calculated. 
    
   The C.V. may withhold distributions or portions thereof if it is required to do so by any applicable rule, regulation or law, and each Partner hereby authorizes the C.V. to withhold from and pay on behalf of or with respect to such Partner any amount of taxes that  the Managing Partner determines that the C.V. is required to withhold and pay with respect to any amount distributable or allocable to such Partner pursuant to this Agreement. Except with respect to amounts that a Partner contributes to the C.V. upon the request of the Managing Partner, any amounts withheld pursuant to this Section 7.3.3 shall be treated as having been distributed to such Partner for all purposes of this Agreement at the time such withholding is made.  To the extent that the cumulative amount of such withholding for any period exceeds the distributions to which such Partner is entitled for such period, the amount of such excess shall be considered a loan from the C.V. to such Partner, with interest accruing at the primary rate of interest then publicly quoted by JPMorgan Chase Bank or at the request of the Managing Partner, the amount of such excess shall be promptly paid to the C.V. by the Partner on whose behalf such withholding is required to be made, provided that any such payment shall not be treated as a Capital Contribution and shall not reduce the amount that a Partner is otherwise obligated to contribute to the C.V. Any income from any deemed loan shall not be allocated to or distributed to the Partner requiring such loan. Any such loan shall be satisfied out of distributions to which such Partner would otherwise be subsequently entitled until such time as the Managing Partner requests that the Partner pay such amount to the C.V. Each Partner hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the C.V., the other Partners and the Managing Partner from and against any liability (including any liability for taxes, penalties, additions to tax or interest) with respect to income attributable to or distributions or other payments to such Partner. 

8. 
    Retirement, continuation and termination 
       
           8.1 
    A Partner shall retire: 
              a. 
    if the Partner (legal entity) is dissolved; 
              b. 
    if the Partner s bankruptcy becomes irrevocable; 
              c. 
    if the Partner applies for a moratorium of payments; 
              d. 
    if Article 1684, Book 7A of the Dutch Civil Code ( severe reason ) applies to an individual Partner, as a result of which its membership terminates. 

8.2 
    If any Partner retires pursuant to any of the events specified in Article 8.1,  the Partners receiving the termination notice, or the Partners who are not subject to any of the events specified in Article 8.1(a-c), or the Partners to which Article 1684, Book 7A, Dutch     Civil Code does not apply - hereafter referred to as the  Remaining Partners  - shall continue the affairs of the C.V. for their own account and under the same name, unless they have notified their former co-partner - hereafter the  Resigning Partner  - within one month of the latter s resignation     that     they     have     elected not to continue the affairs of the C.V.,     in     which case the C.V. shall be dissolved in accordance with Article 8.7. 
     If the C.V. s affairs are not terminated, the provisions governing this limited partnership may be amended to reflect the new legal relationship, which has arisen between the Remaining Partners (and any newly admitted Partners). 
    
           8.3 
    If a Partner retires and the Remaining Partners have not elected to terminate the C.V., then the Remaining Partner(s) shall be under a duty to take over the Resigning Partner s rights in the assets belonging to the C.V., and shall also assume all liabilities of the Resigning Partner towards the C.V., and pay the Resigning Partner the sum specified in Article 8.4. In deviation of the previous sentence, the Parties may also resolve that the Resigning Partner shall receive the Resigning Partner s Percentage Interest of all assets of the C.V., provided that he/she assumes a pro rata portion of the liabilities of the C.V. 
       
           8.4 
    The sum referred to Article 8.3 shall be equivalent to the product of the Resigning Partner s Percentage Interest multiplied by the net fair market value of the C.V. s assets.   
       
  Unless the parties make deviating arrangements, any valuations required for determining the sum of money to be paid to the Resigning Partner shall be carried out by three experts, whose valuations shall be binding upon all parties. The expert(s) shall be appointed by the parties in mutual consultation. 
    
           8.5 
    The sum referred to above shall be paid to the Resigning Partner not later than one year after the first day of the month following the month of resignation. 
       
           8.6 
    If a Partner other than the Resigning Partner has no wish to continue the C.V. and notifies the other Partners within the one month period referred to in Article 8.2, such Partner shall be deemed to retire at the same time as the Resigning Partner and such Partner shall also be considered a Resigning Partner for the purposes of this Article. 
       
           8.7 
    The C.V. shall be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

a. 
    the Partners unanimously elect to terminate the C.V.; 
              b. 
    any Partner retires and none of the other Partners wishes to continue the affairs of the C.V. in accordance with Article 8.2; 
              c. 
    if Article 1684, Book 7A of the Dutch Civil Code applies to the entire C.V. 
       
           8.8 
    Upon the termination of the C.V., the C.V. s affairs shall be liquidated as soon as possible by the Managing Partner or another liquidator to be appointed by the Managing Partner. 
       
           8.9 
    The liquidator shall prepare the liquidation accounts of the C.V. in order to reflect the entitlement of each Partner calculated in accordance with Article 8.4. 
     Article 6 shall similarly apply to the approval of the liquidation accounts. 
    
           8.10 
    After payment of all creditors of the C.V., the remaining assets of the C.V. following its termination shall be distributed to the Partners whereby each of the Partners shall be entitled to distributions in proportion to each Partner's Percentage Interest as per the date of termination of the C.V. The Managing Partner shall in its sole discretion determine how the cash and other assets will be distributed to the each of those Partners and the Managing Partner will in its sole discretion determine the other details. 
       
           8.11 
    If there is any liquidation deficit, such deficit shall be entirely borne by the General Partner.  The Limited Partner(s) shall not have any obligation to make any additional contributions for the covering of debts of the C.V. 
       
           8.12 
    Any payments to be made to the Partners in connection with the liquidation of the C.V. shall be made within one month from the date on which the liquidation accounts are established. 
       
  Any payments to be made by the General Partner to cover any liquidation deficit pursuant to Article 8.11 shall be made within one month from the date on which the liquidation accounts are established. 
    
           8.13 
    The books and records of the C.V. shall remain in the custody of the liquidator unless the former Partners determine otherwise. 

9. 
    Voting rights and decision making 
       
           9.1 
    Each Partner is entitled to cast one vote. Unless stated otherwise herein, all decisions to be taken by the Partners pursuant to this Agreement shall be adopted by a simple majority of the votes cast. 
       
           9.2 
    Each Partner shall appoint a natural person or legal entity to exclusively represent it in all matters regarding the C.V. Such appointment shall be valid, until a replacement is notified to the C.V. in accordance with Article 15. 
       
           10. 
    Access to records and accounts 
       
  The Partners or any of their respective designated representatives, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose any of the books or records of the C.V.; provided, that for purposes of this sentence, a proper purpose shall mean any purpose reasonably related to such person s interest as a Partner.  In every instance where an attorney or other agent shall be the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the Partner.  The demand shall be directed to the C.V. at its registered office or at its principal place of business. 

11.1 
    The C.V. shall not, nor shall it permit any subsidiary to, disclose any Partner s name or identity as an investor in the C.V. in any press release or other public announcement or in any document or material filed with any governmental entity, without the prior written consent of such Partner, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, unless such disclosure is otherwise required by applicable law or by any regulatory or self-regulatory organization having jurisdiction or by order of a court of competent jurisdiction, in which case (except with respect to disclosure that is required in connection with the filing of federal, state and local tax returns) prior to making such disclosure the C.V. shall give written notice to such Partner describing in reasonable detail the proposed content of such disclosure and shall permit such Partner to review and comment upon the form and substance of such disclosure and allow such Partner to seek confidential treatment therefor. 

11.2 
    Each Partner expressly agrees to maintain, for so long as such person is a Partner and for two (2) years thereafter, the confidentiality of, and not to disclose to any person other than the C.V. (and any successor of the C.V. or any person acquiring (whether by merger, consolidation, sale, exchange or otherwise) all or a material portion of the assets or interests of the C.V. or any of its subsidiaries), another Partner or a person designated by the C.V. or any of their respective     financial     planners,     accountants,     attorneys or other advisors, any information relating to the business (current or proposed), financial structure, financial position or financial results, clients or affairs of the C.V. or any of its subsidiaries that shall not be generally known to the public, except (i) as otherwise required by applicable law or by any regulatory or self-regulatory     organization     having     jurisdiction     or     by     order     of     a     court     of competent jurisdiction, in which case (except with respect to disclosure that is required in connection with the filing of federal,     state     and     local     tax     returns     or     by     any     regulatory     or     self-regulatory     organization)     prior     to making such disclosure such Partner shall give written notice to the C.V. describing in reasonable detail the proposed content of such disclosure and shall permit the C.V. to review and comment upon the form and substance of such disclosure and allow the C.V. to seek confidential treatment therefor,     and (ii) in the case of any Partner who is employed by the C.V. or any of its subsidiaries, in the ordinary course of his or her duties to the C.V. or any of its subsidiaries; provided, however, that a Partner may report to its stockholders, limited partners, members or other owners, as the case may be, regarding the general status of its investment in the C.V. (without disclosing specific confidential information).   
       
           12. 
    Admission and Substitution of Partners; Participation in and by Other Partnerships 
       
           12.1 
    a.    The sale, transfer, exchange, assignment, gift, right of usufruct or other disposition, including but not limited to a disposition pursuant to a legal merger, legal division, dissolution or liquidation, whether voluntary or involuntary of all or any part of a Partner s economic or legal interest in the C.V. shall require the prior written consent of all of the Partners. Such consent may be granted or withheld by each of them in their sole and absolute discretion. 
              b. 
    The admission and/or substitution of a Limited Partner shall require the prior written consent of all of the Partners. Admission or substitution of a Partner, a partner (limited or general partner) of such Partner ( Upper-tier Partner ) or a Lower-tier Partner (to be defined below) as referred to in this Article shall include proposed capital contributions and repayments of capital contributions, including the retirement of a Partner as referred to in article 8 of this Agreement, Upper-tier Partner or Lower-tier Partner, on a non pro rata basis, and any transfers of interests in the C.V. among Partners,     including     redetermination     of     Percentage     Interests     as     referred     to     in     Article     4.4. 

c. 
    In case a Partner is a transparent entity according to Dutch tax principles, any admission and/or substitution of a Limited Partner shall in addition require the prior written consent of all of the Upper-tier Partners. 
              d. 
    In case a Limited Partner is a transparent entity according to Dutch tax principles, any admission and/or substitution of an Upper-tier Partner shall require the prior written consent of all of the Partners and all of the Upper-tier Partners. 
              e. 
    If C.V. has become a partner of another entity which is a transparent entity according to Dutch tax principles, any admission and/or substitution of a Limited Partner shall in addition require the prior written consent of all of the partners (limited partners and general partners) of such entity ( Lower-tier Partners ).  
       
           12.2 
    In case the C.V. wishes to become a partner (whether a limited partner or a general partner) of another entity which is a transparent entity according to Dutch tax principles, or in case another entity which is a transparent entity according to Dutch tax principles wishes to become a partner in the C.V., such other entity s partnership agreement, statute, articles, bylaws or other governing document or agreement, whichever applies, has to contain provisions similar to Article 12.1 and this Article 12.2. 
       
           12.3 
    Any admission or substitution without the unanimous prior written consents required under this Article 12.1 shall be null and void. 
       
           12.4 
    Any admission or substitution of a Partner, an Upper-tier Partner or a Lower-tier Partner does not cause the C.V. to terminate or to dissolve. 
       
           13. 
    Limited liability of Partner(s); Investment Opportunities; Performance of Duties; Conflicts of Interest 
       
           13.1 
    The Limited Partner(s) shall have no liability with respect to the debts of or the claims against the C.V.; each Limited Partner shall only be liable to make its agreed capital contributions. 
       
           13.2 
    Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, a Partner may, but shall not be obligated to, lend money to the C.V., act as a surety or guarantor for the C.V., or transact other business with the C.V., and has the same rights and obligations when transacting business with the C.V. as a person or entity who is not a Partner. 
       
           13.3 
    To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, shall not apply to the Partners, and any of their respective  

affiliates and any of their respective officers, directors, agents, shareholders, members, partners, affiliates and subsidiaries (other than the C.V. and its subsidiaries) (each, a  Business Opportunity Exempt Party ).  The C.V. renounces any interest or expectancy of the C.V. in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, business opportunities that are from time to time presented to any Business Opportunity Exempt Party.  No Business Opportunity Exempt Party who acquires knowledge of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for the C.V. shall have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to the C.V.  No amendment or repeal of this Article 13.3 shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any Business Opportunity Exempt Party for or with respect to any opportunities of which any such Business Opportunity Exempt Party becomes aware prior to such amendment or repeal.  Any Person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any FINV shares or interests in the C.V. shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article 13.3. Neither the alteration, amendment or repeal of this Article 13.3, nor the adoption of any provision inconsistent with this Article 13.3, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article 13.3 in respect of any business opportunity first identified or any other matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article 13.3, would accrue or arise, prior to such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Business Opportunity Exempt Party who is a director or officer of the Managing Partner and who is offered a business opportunity of the Managing Partner reasonably determined by the party receiving the opportunity to be expressly in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Managing Partner shall be obligated to communicate and offer such business opportunity to the Managing Partner and the Managing Partner and the C.V. do not renounce any such opportunity. Nothing this Article 13.3 shall limit the confidentiality obligations set forth in Article 11 or any fiduciary obligations of the directors of the Managing Partner. 
    
           13.4 
    In     performing     its,     his     or     her     duties, each of the Partners shall be entitled to rely in good faith on the provisions of this Agreement and on information, opinions, reports or statements (including financial statements and information, opinions, reports or statements as to the value or amount of the assets, liabilities, profits or losses of the C.V. and its subsidiaries), of the following other Persons or groups: (i) one or more officers or employees of such Partner or the C.V. or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) any attorney, independent accountant or other Person employed or engaged by such Partner or the C.V. or any of its subsidiaries, or (iii) any other Person who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of such Partner or the C.V. or any of its subsidiaries, in each case, as to matters which such relying Person reasonably believes to be within such other Person s professional or expert competence.   

14.1 
    To the fullest extent permissible by law, the C.V. shall indemnify and reimburse for, and hold harmless against, each of the Limited Partners, the Managing Partner and their respective affiliates and the stockholders, members, managers, directors, officers, partners, employees and agents of the Partners, the Managing Partner and their respective affiliates (collectively, the  Indemnified Persons ): 
              a. 
    any and all liabilities, claims, judgments, fines and penalties (collectively, the  Claims ) incurred by an Indemnified Person as a result of any expected, threatened, pending or completed action, investigation or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal or administrative (each a  Legal Action ) in relation to any act or omission in or related to his or her capacity as Indemnified Person; and 
              b. 
    any expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and litigation costs) (collectively,  Expenses ) incurred by an Indemnified Person in connection with any Legal Action. 
              14.2 
    An Indemnified Person will not be held harmless, indemnified and reimbursed as referred to above in paragraph 1, if and to the extent: 
              a. 
    a Dutch court has made a final and binding judgment that the act or omission of the Indemnified Person can be characterized as willful misconduct (  opzet  ), willful recklessness (  bewuste roekeloosheid  ) or serious culpability (  ernstig verwijt  ); and/or 
              b. 
    the costs or the loss of the Indemnified Person is covered by insurance and the insurer has compensated him or her for the costs or loss. 
       
           14.3 
    When a Dutch court has made a final and binding judgment that an Indemnified Person has no claim to the indemnification as referred to above in paragraph 1, the Indemnified Person shall immediately repay to the C.V. any amount of indemnification it received from the company. The C.V. can demand surety for the repayment obligation of the concerned party. 
              14.4 
    The company shall use all its reasonable endeavors to provide for, and shall bear the cost of, insurance covering Claims against, and Expenses incurred by, the Indemnified Persons in connection with any Legal Action. 
       
           14.5 
    The C.V. may enter into agreements with the Managing Partner to provide for indemnification consistent with the terms and conditions set forth in this Article 14.  Unless otherwise agreed by the Managing Partner, the C.V. shall maintain insurance, at its expense, on its own behalf and on behalf of the Indemnified Persons against any  

liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, whether or not the C.V. would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this Article 14. 
    
           14.6 
    Expenses incurred by an Indemnified Person in defending a Proceeding shall be paid by the C.V. in advance of such Proceeding s final disposition upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the C.V.  Such expenses incurred by other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Managing Partner deems appropriate.  The indemnification and advancement of expenses set forth in this Article 14 shall continue as to an Indemnified Person who has ceased to be a named Indemnified Person and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, successors and permitted assigns of such a person. 
       
           14.7 
    Persons who are not covered by the foregoing provisions of this Article 14 and who are or were partners, employees or agents of the C.V., or who are or were serving at the request of the C.V. as employees or agents of another limited liability company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, may be indemnified to the extent authorized at any time or from time to time by the Managing Partner. 
       
           14.8 
    The provisions of this Article 14 shall be deemed to be a contract right between the C.V. and each person who serves in such capacity at any time while this Article 14 and the relevant provisions of applicable law are in effect, and any repeal or modification of this Article 14 or any such law shall not affect any rights or obligations then existing with respect to any state of facts or Proceeding then existing.  The indemnification and other rights provided for in this Article 14 shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of any Indemnified Person.  Except as provided in Article 14, the C.V. shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person only if such Proceeding was authorized by the Managing Partner. 
       
           14.9 
    For purposes of this Article 14, references to  the C.V.  shall include, in addition to the resulting company, any constituent company (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its managers, directors, officers, employees or agents, so that any Person who is or was a manager, director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent company, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under  

this Article 14 with respect to the resulting or surviving company as he or she would have with respect to such constituent company if its separate existence had continued.  For purposes of this Article 14, references to  other enterprises  shall include employee benefit plans; references to  fines  shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to  serving at the request of the C.V.  shall include any service as a manager, officer, employee or agent of the C.V. that imposes duties on, or involves services by, such manager, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner  not opposed to the best interests of the C.V.  as referred to in this Article 14. 
    
           14.10 
    Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, any indemnity by the C.V. relating to the matters covered in this Article 14 shall be provided out of and to the extent of C.V. assets only and no Partner (unless such Partner otherwise agrees in writing or is found in a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have personal liability on account thereof) shall have personal liability on account thereof or shall be required to make additional contributions to help satisfy such indemnity of the C.V. 

The notices given pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given if delivered by hand (or sent by first class mail) to the recipient at the address set out below. Any notice sent by hand shall be deemed effective at the time of receipt; any notice sent by mail shall be deemed effective seven days after the date on which it was sent. 
  to FIM: 
  Frank s International Management B.V. 
  Attn. Managing Director 
  Mastenmakersweg 1 
  1786 PB Den Helder 
  The Netherlands 
    
  to FILP: 
  Frank's International LP B.V. 
  Attn. Managing Director 

Mastenmakersweg 1 
  1786 PB Den Helder 
  The Netherlands 
    
  to FINV: 
  Frank's International N.V. 
  Attn. Managing Director 
  Mastenmakersweg 1 
  1786 PB Den Helder 
  The Netherlands 

16.1 
    Article headings are inserted in this Agreement for case of reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement for the purposes of interpretation. 
       
           16.2 
    If any part of this Agreement becomes invalid or unenforceable the parties shall endeavor to agree to such amendment, which shall, as far as possible, effect the intentions expressed herein. In default of such agreement, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement and all provisions not affected by the invalidity shall remain in full force and effect. 
       
           16.3 
    The authentic language of this Agreement shall be the English language and all notices, reports and other communications hereunder shall be in English. 
       
           16.4 
    No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waiver without the unanimous prior written consent of the Partners. 

17. 
    Governing law and settlement of disputes 
       
           17.1 
    This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands. 
       
           17.2 
    The parties hereto shall use their best endeavors to settle any possible disputes in an amicable way. In the event conciliation fails, all disputes arising in connection with this Agreement or further agreements resulting thereof, shall be finally settled by the Court of Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF   this Agreement was executed on the dates written below, with effect as per August 26, 2016. 
    
  Frank's International N.V. 
                 By: 
    Frank's International Management B.V. 
      Title: 
    Managing director 
      By: 
    Alejandro Cestero       on       August 26, 2016 
      Title: 
    Managing director 
      Signature: 
    /s/ Alejandro Cestero 

Frank's International Management B.V. 
                 By: 
    Alejandro Cestero       on       August 26, 2016 
      Title: 
    Managing director 
      Signature: 
    /s/ Alejandro Cestero 

Frank s International LP B.V. 
                 By: 
    Frank's International Management B.V. 
      Title: 
    Managing director A 
      By: 
    Alejandro Cestero       on       August 26, 2016 
      Title: 
    Managing director 
      Signature: 
    /s/ Alejandro Cestero 

By: 
    Jacobus Schouten        on      August 26, 2016 
      Title: 
    Managing director B 
      Signature: 
    /s/ Jacobus Schouten 

Mosing Holdings, Inc. 
                 By: 
    D. Keith Mosing          on      August 23, 2016 
      Title: 
    CEO and President 
      Signature: 
    /s/ D. Keith Mosing 

By co-signing this Amendment Agreement No. 9 to the partnership agreement of the C.V., the following party, of which the C.V. directly is a partner, confirms its prior consent to: 
           (i) 
    the additional capital contributions by FILP and FIM to the C.V.; 
              (ii) 
    the transfer of MH of its limited partnership interest to FINV, pursuant to which MH has withdrawn as a limited partner of the C.V.; and 
              (iii) 
    the admission of FINV as limited partner of the C.V. 

Frank's International, L.P. 
  represented by its general partner Frank's International GP, LLC 
  on its turn represented by: 
                 Name: 
    Alejandro Cestero 
      Title: 
    SVP, General Counsel and Secretary 
      Signature: 
    /s/ Alejandro Cestero 

EXHIBIT A 
  United States Tax Provisions 
  This Exhibit A reflects the agreement of the Partners regarding certain   UNITED STATES TAX MATTERS  , including that for United States federal income tax purposes, the C.V. shall maintain a capital account for each Partner and shall allocate all items of the C.V. s income, gain, loss and deduction as provided for in this Exhibit A. 
  A-1.        Definitions  .  Capitalized words and phrases used in this Exhibit A have the respective meanings ascribed to them in Amendment No. 5 to The Limited Partnership Agreement of Frank s International C.V. dated effective October 14, 2013 (the  Agreement ) except as otherwise provided below. As used in this Exhibit A, the following terms shall have the following meanings:  
     Adjusted Capital Account    means the capital account maintained for each Partner, (a) increased by any amounts that such Partner is obligated to restore or is treated as obligated to restore under Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c), 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5)), and (b) decreased by any amounts described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6) with respect to such Partner. The foregoing definition of  Adjusted Capital Account  is intended to comply with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and 1.704-2 and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 
     Allocation Period    means the period (a) commencing on the date hereof or, for any Allocation Period other than such first Allocation Period, the day following the end of a prior Allocation Period and (b) ending (A) on the last day of each Fiscal Year, (B) on the day preceding any day in which an adjustment to the Book Value of the C.V. s properties pursuant to clause (b)(i), (ii), (iii) or (v) of the definition of Book Value occurs, (C) immediately after any day in which an adjustment to the Book Value of the C.V. s properties pursuant to clause (b)(iv) of the definition of Book Value occurs, or (D) on any other date determined by the Managing Partner. 
     Book Value    means, with respect to any property or Obligation of the C.V., such property s adjusted basis or such Obligation s adjusted issue price for U.S. federal income tax purposes, except as follows: 
  (a)        The initial Book Value of any property contributed by a Partner to the C.V. shall be the fair market value of such property as determined by the Managing Partner as of the date of such contribution. 
  (b)        The initial Book Value of any Obligation assumed, or taken subject to, by the C.V. from a Partner in connection with a contribution to the C.V. subject to Code Section 721 shall be the Gross Liability Value of such Obligation as determined by the Managing Partner as of the date of such assumption or taking subject to. 
  (c)        The Book Values of all properties shall be adjusted to equal their respective fair market values as determined by the Managing Partner in connection with (i) the acquisition of an interest (or additional interest) in the C.V. by any new or existing Partner in exchange for more than a de minimis Capital Contribution to the C.V. or in exchange for the performance of more than a de minimis amount of services to or for the benefit of the C.V., (ii) the distribution by the C.V. to a Partner of more than a de minimis amount of property as consideration for an interest in the C.V., (iii) the liquidation of the C.V., including within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g)(1) (other than pursuant to Code Section 708(b)(1)(B)), or (iv) any other event to the  extent  determined  by  the  Managing Partner to be permitted and necessary to properly reflect Book Values in accordance with the standards set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(q); provided that adjustments pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) above shall be made only if the Managing Partner reasonably determines that such adjustments are necessary or appropriate to reflect the relative economic interests of the Partners in the C.V.   

(d)        The Book Value of property distributed to a Partner shall be adjusted immediately prior to the distribution to equal the fair market value of such property as determined by the Managing Partner as of the date of such distribution and the Book Value of any Obligation of the C.V. that is assumed, or taken subject to, by a Partner in connection with a distribution of property to the Partner in a transaction subject to Code Section 731 shall be adjusted immediately prior thereto to equal the Gross Liability Value of such Obligation as of the date it is assumed or taken subject to by such Partner. 
  (e)        The Book Value of all property shall be increased (or decreased) to reflect any adjustments to the adjusted basis of such property pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section 743(b), but only to the extent that such adjustments are taken into account in determining capital accounts pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) and clause (f) of the definition of Profits or Losses or Section A-4(h); provided, however, that the Book Value of property shall not be adjusted pursuant to this clause (e) to the extent that the Managing Partner reasonably determines an adjustment pursuant to clause (c) is necessary or appropriate in connection with a transaction that would otherwise result in an adjustment pursuant to this clause (e). 
  (f)        The Book Value of each Obligation of the C.V. shall be adjusted to equal the obligation s Gross Liability Value as determined by the Managing Partner at such times as an adjustment to the Book Value of property of the C.V. is made pursuant to clause (c) hereof.. 
  (g)        If the Book Value of property has been determined or adjusted pursuant to clauses (a), (c) or (e) hereof, such Book Value shall thereafter be adjusted by the Depreciation taken into account with respect to such property for purposes of computing Profits and Losses and other items allocated pursuant hereto.  
  (h)        If the Book Value of an Obligation of the C.V. has been determined or adjusted pursuant to clauses (b) or (f) hereof, such Book Value shall thereafter be adjusted based on the method adopted under subparagraph (g) of the definition of  Profits  and  Losses  to determine the extent to which the Book Value of such Obligation is treated as satisfied or otherwise taken into account. 
     Capital Contribution    means, with respect to any Partner, the amount of money, and the initial Book Value of any property contributed to the C.V. by such Partner, in accordance with   Article IV  ; provided that any deemed contribution pursuant to Article 4.4(b)(i) shall not be treated as a Capital Contribution for purposes of determining the Partners  capital accounts and instead the revaluation of the property and Obligations of the C.V. pursuant to the definition of  Book Value  and the resulting adjustment of the Partners  capital accounts hereunder shall be made in a manner consistent with the provisions of Article 4.4(b)(i). Any reference to the Capital Contributions of a Partner will include the Capital Contributions made by a predecessor holder of such Partner s interest in the C.V. to the extent the Capital Contribution was made in respect of interest in the C.V. Transferred to such Partner. 
     Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (or any corresponding provisions of succeeding law.) 
     Depreciation    means, for each Allocation Period an amount equal to the depreciation, amortization or  other cost recovery deduction allowable for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect  to  property for such Allocation Period, except that (a) with respect to any such property the Book Value of which differs from its adjusted tax basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes and which difference is being eliminated by use of the  traditional method with curative allocations  pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-3(d), Depreciation for such  Allocation Period shall be the amount of book basis recovered for such Allocation Period under the rules prescribed by Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-3(c), and (b) with respect  to  any other such property the Book Value of which differs from its adjusted tax basis at the beginning of such Allocation Period, Depreciation shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to such beginning Book Value as the U.S. federal income tax depreciation, amortization, or other cost recovery deduction for such  Allocation  Period bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis;   provided   that if the adjusted tax basis of any property  at the beginning of such  

Allocation Period is zero dollars ($0.00), Depreciation with respect to such property shall be determined with reference to such beginning value using any reasonable method selected by the Managing Partner. 
     Economic Risk of Loss    has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-2(a). 
     Fiscal Year    means the fiscal year of the C.V. which shall end on December 31 of each calendar year unless, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, another fiscal year is required.  The C.V. shall have the same fiscal year for U.S. federal income tax purposes and for accounting purposes. 
  "  Gross Liability Value  " means, with respect to any Obligation of the C.V., the amount of cash that a willing assignor would pay to a willing assignee to assume such Obligation in an arm's-length transaction. 
     Minimum Gain    has the meaning assigned to that term in Treasury  Regulation  Section 1.704- 2(d).    
     Nonrecourse Deduction    has the meaning  assigned  to that term in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b). 
     Obligation    has the  meaning  assigned to  that  term  in Treasury Regulation Section 1.752- 1(a)(4)(ii). 
     Partner Nonrecourse Debt    has the meaning assigned to the term  partner nonrecourse debt  in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(4). 
     Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain    has the meaning assigned to the term  partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain  in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(2). 
     Partner Nonrecourse Deduction    has the meaning assigned to the term  partner nonrecourse deduction  in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(1). 
     Profits    or    Losses    means, for each Allocation Period, an amount equal to the C.V. s taxable income or loss for such period as computed for U.S. federal income tax purposes, determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a) (for this purpose, all items of income, gain, loss, or deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Code Section 703(a)(1) shall be included in taxable income or loss), with the following adjustments (without duplication): 
  (a)        Any income of the C.V. that is exempt from U.S. federal income tax and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits and Losses pursuant to this definition of  Profits  and  Losses  shall be added to such taxable income or loss; 
  (b)        Any expenditures of the C.V. described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) or treated as Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to this definition of  Profits  and  Losses,  shall be subtracted from such taxable income or loss; 
  (c)        In the event the Book Value of any asset is adjusted pursuant to clause (c) or clause (d) of the definition of Book Value, the amount of such adjustment shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the Book Value of the asset) or an item of loss (if the adjustment decreases the Book Value of the asset) from the disposition of such asset and shall, except to the extent allocated pursuant to Section A-4, be taken into account for purposes of computing Profits or Losses; 
  (d)        In the event the  Book Value of any Obligation is adjusted pursuant to clause (d) or clause (f) of the definition of Book Value, the amount of such adjustment shall be treated for purposes  

hereof as an item of loss (if the adjustment increases the Book Value of such Obligation) or an item of gain (if the adjustment decreases the Book Value of such Obligation); 
  (e)        Gain or loss resulting from any disposition of property with respect to which gain or loss is recognized for U.S. federal income tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the Book Value of the property disposed of, notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such property differs from its Book Value; 
  (f)        In lieu of the depreciation, amortization, and other cost recovery deductions taken into account in computing such taxable income or loss, there shall be taken into account Depreciation;  
  (g)        In determining Profits and Losses, income, gain, deduction or loss resulting from the satisfaction of, or accrual for federal income tax purposes of items with respect to, an Obligation of the C.V. with a Book Value that differs from its adjusted issue price (if any) shall be computed by reference to the Book Value of such Obligation, with the extent to which the Book Value of such Obligation is treated as satisfied or otherwise taken into account being determined under any reasonable method adopted by the Managing Partner; 
  (h)        To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any asset pursuant to Code Section 734(b) is required, pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4), to be taken into account in determining capital account balances as a result of a distribution other than in liquidation of a Partner s interest in the C.V., the amount of such adjustment shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or an item of loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis) from the disposition of such asset and shall be taken into account for purposes of computing Profits or Losses; and 
  (i)        Any items that are allocated pursuant to Section A-4 shall not be taken into account in computing Profits and Losses, but such items available to be specially allocated pursuant to Section A-4 will be determined by applying rules analogous to those set forth in subparagraphs (a) through (g) above. 
     Treasury Regulations    means the income  tax regulations promulgated under the Code, as they may be amended from time to time. 
  A-2.        Capital Accounts  .  A capital account shall be established and maintained for each Partner in accordance with the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv).  Each Partner s capital account (a) shall be increased by (i) the amount of money contributed by such Partner to the C.V., (ii) the Book Value of  property  contributed by such  Partner to the C.V. (net of the  Gross  Liability Value of any Obligations secured by the contributed property that the C.V. is considered to assume or take subject to under Code Section 752 or would be considered to have assumed or taken subject to for purposes  of Code Section 752 if such Obligation were a liability for purposes of Code Section 752), (iii) allocations to such Partner of Profits and any other items of income or gain allocated to such Partner, and (iv) the Gross Liability Value of any Obligation assumed (or deemed assumed) by the Partner that would not otherwise be taken into account under subparagraph (b)(iii) of this Section A-2 and (b) shall be decreased by (i) the amount of money distributed to such Partner by the C.V., (ii) the Gross Liability Value of any Obligation assumed (or deemed assumed) by the C.V. that would not otherwise be taken into account under subparagraph (a)(ii) of this Section A-2, (iii) the Book Value of property distributed to such  Partner by the  C.V. (net of the Gross  Liability  Value  of any Obligations secured by the distributed property that such Partner is considered to assume or take subject to under Code Section 752 or would be considered to have assumed or taken subject to for purposes of Code Section 752 if such Obligation were a liability for purposes of Code Section 752), and (iv) allocations to such Partner of Losses and any other items of loss or deduction allocated to such Partner. The Partners agree that the initial capital account balances of each Partner shall be in the amount as set forth in Exhibit B. On the transfer of all or part of a Partner s interest in the C.V., the capital account of the transferor that is attributable to the transferred interest in the C.V. shall carry over to the transferee Partner in accordance  

with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(l).  For purposes of this Section A-2, in connection with the contribution or distribution of an interest in an entity that is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes, liabilities of such entity shall be treated as secured by the property of that entity.  For purposes of determining each partner s capital account in connection with an offering of stock by FINV, the principles set forth in Section 4.4(b) of the Agreement shall apply.  As set forth in Article 4.5(b) of the Agreement, in connection with the issuance of stock in FINV to an employee or other service provider for services rendered to or for the benefit of FICV, that section shall apply for the purposes of maintaining capital accounts. 
  A-3.        Allocations of Profits and Losses  .  After giving effect to the allocations under   Section A-4.1  , Profits and Losses (and to the extent determined by the Managing Partner to be necessary and appropriate to achieve the resulting capital account balances described below, any allocable items of gross income, gain, loss and expense includable in the computation of Profits and Losses) for each Allocation Period shall be allocated among the Partners during such Allocation Period, in such a manner as shall cause the capital accounts of the Partners (as adjusted to reflect all allocations under   Section A-4   and all distributions through the end of such Allocation Period) to equal, as nearly as possible, (a) the amount such Partners would receive if all assets of the C.V. on hand at the end of such Allocation Period were sold for cash equal to their Book Values, all Obligations of the C.V. were satisfied in cash for an amount equal to their Book Values (limited in the case of non-recourse debt to the Book Value of the property securing such debt), and all remaining or resulting cash were distributed to the Partners in accordance with their Percentage Interests    minus   (b) such Partner s share of Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain, computed immediately prior to the hypothetical sale of assets, and the amount any such Partner is treated as obligated to contribute to the C.V., computed immediately after the hypothetical sale of assets. 
  A-4.        Special Allocations  .  The following allocations shall be made in the following order: 
  (a)        Nonrecourse Deductions.    Nonrecourse Deductions shall be allocated to the Partners as determined by the Managing Partner, to the extent permitted by the Treasury Regulations. 
  (b)        Partner Nonrecourse Deductions Attributable to Partner Nonrecourse Debt.    Partner Nonrecourse Deductions attributable to Partner Nonrecourse Debt shall be allocated to the Partners bearing the Economic Risk of Loss for such Partner Nonrecourse Debt as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(4).  If more than one Partner bears the Economic Risk of Loss for such Partner Nonrecourse Debt, the Partner Nonrecourse Deductions attributable to such Partner Nonrecourse Debt shall be allocated among the Partners according to the ratio in which they bear the Economic Risk of Loss.  This Section A-4(b) is intended to comply with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 
  (c)           Partner Minimum Gain Chargeback.   Notwithstanding any other provision hereof to the contrary, if there is a net decrease in Minimum Gain for an Allocation Period (or if there was a net decrease in Minimum Gain for a prior Allocation Period and the C.V. did not have sufficient amounts of income and gain during prior periods to allocate among the Partners under this Section A-4(c)), items of income and gain shall be allocated to each Partner in an amount equal to such Partner s share of the net decrease in such Minimum Gain (as determined pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(g)(2)).  This Section A-4(c) is intended to constitute a minimum gain chargeback under Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 
  (d)        Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain Chargeback  .   Notwithstanding  any  provision hereof to the contrary except Section A-4(c) (dealing with Minimum Gain), if there is a net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain for an Allocation Period (or if there was a net decrease in Partner  Nonrecourse  Debt Minimum Gain for a prior Allocation Period and the C.V. did not have sufficient amounts of income  and gain during prior periods to allocate among the Partners under this Section  A-4(d), items of income and gain shall be allocated to each Partner in an amount equal to such Partner s share of the net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain (as  

determined pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(4)).  This Section A-4(d) is intended to constitute a partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain chargeback under Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(4) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 
  (e)         Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary except Section A-4(a) and Section A-4(b), no Losses or other items of loss or expense shall be allocated to any Partner to the extent that such allocation would cause such Partner to have a deficit balance in its Adjusted Capital Account (or increase any existing deficit balance in its Adjusted Capital Account) at the end of such Allocation Period.  All Losses and other items of loss and expense in excess of the limitation set forth in this Section A-4(e) shall be allocated to the Partners who do not have a deficit balance in their Adjusted Capital Accounts in proportion to their relative positive Adjusted Capital Accounts but only to the extent that such Losses and other items of loss and expense do not cause any such Partner to have a deficit in its Adjusted Capital Account. 
  (f)        Qualified Income Offset  .  Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary except Section A-4(c) and Section A-4(d), a Partner who unexpectedly receives an adjustment, allocation or distribution described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) or (6) shall be allocated items of income and gain (consisting of a pro rata portion of each item of income, including gross income, and gain for the Allocation Period) in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate any deficit balance in such Partner s Adjusted Capital Account as quickly as possible; provided that an allocation pursuant to this Section A-4(f) shall be made only if and to the extent that such Partner would have deficit Adjusted Capital Account balance after all other allocations provided for in this Exhibit A have been tentatively made as if this Section A-4(f) were not in this Agreement.  This Section A-4(f) is intended to constitute a qualified income offset under Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 
  (g)        Gross Income Allocation.   In the event that any Partner has a deficit balance in its Adjusted Capital Account at the end of any Allocation Period, such Partner shall be allocated items of C.V. gross income and gain in the amount of such deficit as quickly as possible;   provided   that an allocation pursuant to this   Section A-4(g)    shall be made only if and to the extent that such Partner would have a deficit balance in its capital account after all other allocations provided for in this Exhibit A have been tentatively made as if   Section A-4(f)   and this   Section A-4(g)   were not in this Exhibit A. 
  (h)           Section 754 Adjustments  .  To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any C.V. properties pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section 743(b) is required pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)  (m)  (2) or 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)  (m)  (4) to be taken into account in determining capital accounts as the result of a distribution to any Partner in complete liquidation of such Partner s interest in the C.V., the amount of such adjustment to capital accounts shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis) and such gain or loss shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)  (m)  (2) if such Treasury Regulation Section applies, or to the Partner to whom such distribution was made if Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)  (m)  (4) applies. 
  A-5.        Income Tax Allocations  . 
  (a)        All items of income, gain, loss and deduction for U.S. federal income tax purposes shall be allocated in the same manner as the corresponding item is allocated pursuant to   Section 6.01   or   Section A-4  , except as otherwise provided in this   Section A-4  . 
  (b)        In accordance with the principles of Code Section 704(c) and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (including the Treasury Regulations applying the principles of  Code  Section 704(c) to changes in Book Values), income, gain, deduction and loss with respect to any C.V.  property or Obligations having a Book Value that differs from such property s adjusted tax basis or adjusted issue price, respectively, for U.S.  federal  income tax purposes shall, solely for U.S. federal income tax  

purposes, be allocated among the Partners in order to account for any such difference using the  traditional method with curative allocations  under Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-3(c) or such other method or methods as determined by the Managing Partner to be appropriate and in accordance with the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
  (c)        Any (i) recapture of depreciation or any other item of deduction shall be allocated, in accordance with Treasury Regulations Sections 1.1245-1(e) and 1.1254-5, to the Partners who received the benefit of such deductions (taking into account the effect of allocations under Code Section 704(c)), and (ii) recapture of grants credits shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with applicable law. 
  (d)        Tax credits of the C.V. shall be allocated among the Partners as provided in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704 1(b)(4)(ii) and 1.704 1(b)(4)(viii). 
  (e)        Allocations pursuant to this Section A-4 are solely for purposes of U.S. federal, state, and local taxes and, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account in computing, any Partner s capital account or share of Profits, Losses, other items or distributions pursuant to any provision of this Exhibit A or the Agreement. 
  A-6.        Other Allocation Rules.   
  (a)        All items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit allocable to an interest in the C.V. that may have been Transferred shall be allocated between the Transferor and the Transferee based on the portion of the Fiscal Year during which each was recognized as the owner of such interest, without regard to the results of C.V. operations during any particular portion of that year and without regard to whether cash distributions were made to the Transferor or the Transferee during that year; provided, however, that this allocation must be made in accordance with a method permissible under Code Section 706 and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
  (b)        The Partners  proportionate shares of the  excess nonrecourse liabilities  of the C.V., within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-3(a)(3), shall be allocated to the Partners in any manner determined by the Managing Partner and permissible under the Treasury Regulations.  
  (c)        The allocations set forth in Sections A-3, A-4, A-5 and the preceding provisions of this Section A-6 are intended to comply with the Treasury Regulations.  If the Managing Partner determines that a Partner s capital account or the allocations to a Partner are not in compliance with the Treasury Regulations, the Managing Partner is authorized to make any appropriate adjustments. 
  A-7.        Tax Matters Partner; Section 754 Election; Tax Classification. 
  (a)        Tax Matters Partner.   The    Tax  Matters  Partner    (as such term is  defined  in  Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code) of the C.V. shall be the General Partner.  The Tax Matters Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the responsibilities  outlined in  Sections 6221 through 6233 of the Code (including the Regulations promulgated thereunder) and  shall  have any powers necessary to perform fully in such capacity.  In such regard, the Tax Matters Partner s authority shall include the authority to (i)  prepare and file all tax returns of the C.V., (ii)  make such elections under the Code and other relevant tax laws in a manner consistent with the provisions of this Exhibit A as to the treatment of items of C.V. income, gain, loss and deduction, (iii)   determine which items of cash outlay are to be capitalized or treated as current expenses, (iv)   select the method of accounting and bookkeeping procedures to be used by the C.V., and (v)   represent the C.V. before taxing authorities and courts in tax matters affecting the C.V. and the Partners in their capacity as such and shall keep the Partners informed of any such administrative and judicial proceedings.  The Tax Matters Partner shall be entitled to be reimbursed by the C.V. for all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with any administrative or judicial proceeding affecting tax matters of the C.V. and the Partners in their capacity as such and to be indemnified by the C.V. (solely out of C.V. assets) with respect to any action brought against it in connection with any judgment in or settlement of any such proceeding.  Any Partner who  

enters into a settlement agreement with respect to any C.V. item shall notify the Tax Matters Partner of such settlement agreement and its terms within 30 days after the date of settlement.  This Section A-7(a) shall survive any termination of this Exhibit A or the C.V.   
  (a)        Section 754 Election.  In the event of a transfer of an interest in the C.V. as permitted pursuant to this Exhibit A or a distribution of property to a Partner, the Tax Matters Partner shall cause the C.V. to make a timely election (a  Section 754 Election ) under Section 754 of the Code. 
  (b)        Classification as a Partnership.  The parties hereto intend the C.V. be classified as a Partnership for United States federal income tax purposes effective as of the date of formation.  The General Partner shall not elect to have the C.V. classified as an association taxable as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes pursuant to Regulation section 301.7701-3.  The Tax Matters Partner shall, for and on behalf of the C.V., take all steps as may be required to maintain the C.V. s classification as a Partnership for federal income tax purposes, including affirmatively electing to classify the C.V. as a Partnership by timely executing and filing Internal Revenue Service Form 8832 effective as of the date of formation of the C.V.  By incorporating this Exhibit A into the Agreement, each of the parties hereto consents to the authority of the Tax Matters Partner to make any such election and shall cooperate in the making of such election (including providing consents and other authorizations that may be required).  The C.V. shall not, with respect to the partnership interests in the C.V.,  participate  (within the meaning of Regulation section 1.7704-1(d)(1)) in the establishment of an  established securities market  (within the meaning of Regulation section 1.7704-1(b)) or a  secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof  (within the meaning of Regulation section 1.7704-1(c)) or, in either case, the inclusion of the partnership interests in the C.V. thereon. 

EXHIBIT B 
  Initial Capital Account Balances 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 fi_09302016xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A)   OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
    
  I, Gary P. Luquette, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this "report") of Frank s International N.V. ( the registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:    November 3, 2016    

/s/ Gary P. Luquette     
  Gary P. Luquette 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 fi_09302016xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A)   OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
    
  I, Jeffrey J. Bird, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this "report") of Frank s International N.V. ( the registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:    November 3, 2016    

/s/ Jeffrey J. Bird         
  Jeffrey J. Bird 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 fi_09302016xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF   CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE   SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C.   1350 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Frank s International N.V. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Gary P. Luquette, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                     November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Gary P. Luquette 

Gary P. Luquette 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 fi_09302016xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF   CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE   SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C.   1350 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Frank s International N.V. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jeffrey J. Bird, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                     November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Jeffrey J. Bird 

Jeffrey J. Bird 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 fi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 fi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 fi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

