<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161215_10-Q_edgar_data_1405663_0001472375-16-000459_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2512470</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61486</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>173632</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>441723</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1085167</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>685263</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001472375-16-000459.hdr.sgml : 20161215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161215170005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001472375-16-000459
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			I-Minerals Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001405663
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55321
		FILM NUMBER:		162054290

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		880-580 HORNBY STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3B6
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(604) 303-6573

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		880-580 HORNBY STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3B6

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	i minerals inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070705

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001472375-16-000459.txt : 20161215

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT FOR THE PERIOD ENDED: OCTOBER 31, 2016

Filed by Avantafile.com - I-Minerals Inc. - Form 10-Q 

UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549  

   FORM 10-Q   

[ x ]
  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
  ACT OF 1934

For the quarterly period ended:  October 31, 2016  

[   ]
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
  ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _______ to _______ 

 Commission file number:   000-55321  

    I-MINERALS INC.    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

British Columbia, Canada 

20-4644299 

(State or other jurisdiction of
  incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

Suite 880, 580 Hornby Street, Vancouver, BC,
Canada V6C 3B6   (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code) 

   (877) 303-6573   Registrant s telephone number, including area code 

   Not applicable   (Former name or former address if changed since last
report) 

 Securities
registered under section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common shares with no par
value. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ] 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on
its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes [X] No [  ] 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large
  accelerated filer

[  ]

Accelerated
  filer

[  ]

Non-accelerated
  filer

[  ]

Smaller
  reporting company

[X] 

(Do
  not check if a smaller reporting company)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No [X] 

 As
of December 15, 2016, the registrant had 88,965,382 outstanding shares of
common stock. 

I-Minerals Inc.   INDEX  

2 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

I-Minerals
  Inc.   
 Condensed
  Consolidated Financial Statements  For
    the six months ended October 31, 2016  (Unaudited
  - Expressed in US dollars) 
 3 

I-Minerals Inc.     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars)   

On behalf of the Board 
  
  Thomas M. Conway   
        Director 
      W. Barry Girling   
        Director 
    
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

I-Minerals Inc.     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Loss   

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

I-Minerals Inc.     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    For the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

I-Minerals Inc.     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Capital Deficit 
    For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

I-Minerals Inc.     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars except where otherwise indicated) 

1.    
     
 NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND LIQUIDITY:   

I-Minerals Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of British Columbia, Canada, in 1984.  The Company is listed for trading on the TSX Venture Exchange under the symbol  IMA  and the OTCQX marketplace under the symbol  IMAHF .  

The Company s principal business is the development of the Helmer-Bovill industrial mineral property ( the Property ) located in Latah County, Idaho.  The Helmer-Bovill property is comprised of eleven mineral leases that host potentially economic deposits of feldspar, quartz and kaolinitic clays, primarily kaolinite and halloysite. 

Basis of Presentation and Liquidity   

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ) for interim financial information as well as Article 10 of Regulation S-X on the basis that the Company will continue as a going concern, which assumes that the Company will be able to meet its obligations and continue its operations for the next year.  Realization values may be substantially different from carrying values as shown and these financial statements do not give effect to adjustments that would be necessary to the carrying values and classification of assets and liabilities should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  At October 31, 2016, the Company had not yet achieved profitable operations, had an accumulated deficit of $33,927,104 since inception and expects to incur further losses in the development of its business, all of which casts substantial doubt upon the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and, therefore, that it may be unable to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business.  

The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain the necessary financing to develop the Property and to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due.  Although the Company has been successful in the past in obtaining financing, there is no assurance that it will be able to obtain adequate financing in the future or that such financing will be on terms advantageous to the Company.  The Company is currently receiving funds from a company controlled by a director of the Company through promissory notes (Notes 5 and 11).  Management has no formal plan in place to address this concern but considers that the Company will be able to obtain additional funds by equity financing and/or promissory notes; however there is no assurance of additional funding being available.  The Company has historically satisfied its capital needs primarily by issuing equity securities and/or promissory notes.  Management plans to continue to provide for its capital needs by issuing equity securities and/or promissory notes. 

The financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial statements.  In the opinion of our management, all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation of the interim financial statements have been included.  Operating results for the six months ended October 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year ending April 30, 2017.  All amounts presented are in US dollars except where otherwise indicated.  For further information refer to the financial statements and footnotes thereto for the year ended April 30, 2016 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on July 27, 2016. 

2.    
     
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:    

Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measures  

The book value of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to the immediate or short-term maturity of those instruments.  The fair value hierarchy under US GAAP is based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value which are the following: 
    
 8 

I-Minerals Inc.     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
          For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars except where otherwise indicated) 

Level 1 -       quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2 -       observable inputs other than Level I, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active prices whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable; and 

Level 3 -       assets and liabilities whose significant value drivers are unobservable by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The Company had certain Level 3 liabilities required to be recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in accordance with US GAAP as at October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016.  As at October 31, 2016, the Company s Level 3 liabilities consisted of the warrants issued in connection with the Company s offering of equity units in a private placement and warrants issued as financing fees as well as the grant of share purchase options to non-employees.  

The resulting Level 3 liabilities have no active market and are required to be measured at their fair value each reporting period based on information that is unobservable.  

Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). There were no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the periods ended October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016.  

Earnings (Loss) Per Share  

The basic loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted loss per common share is computed similar to basic loss per common share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. For the six months ended October 31, 2016, loss per share excludes 12,652,897 (2015   31,584,379) potentially dilutive common shares (related to outstanding options and warrants as well as shares committed to be issued pursuant to the Promissory Notes) as their effect was anti-dilutive. 
    
 9 

I-Minerals Inc.     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
          For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars except where otherwise indicated) 

3.    
     
 MINERAL PROPERTY INTEREST:   

Helmer-Bovill Property   Latah County, Idaho  

The Company has an undivided 100% interest in 11 State of Idaho mineral leases.  The State of Idaho mineral leases are subject to a 5% production royalty on gross sales. 

4.    
     
 ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES:   

5.    
     
 PROMISSORY NOTES:   

Effective August 31, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement (dated June 1, 2016) with the Lender pursuant to which up to an additional $2,965,000 will be advanced to the Company in tranches (the  Third Promissory Notes ).  In addition, the First Promissory Notes and the Second Promissory Notes were amended and combined with the Third Promissory Notes with a modified maturity date of December 2, 2017.  All other terms of the First Promissory Notes and the Second Promissory Notes remained unchanged. 

In accordance with the guidance of ASC 470-50 and ASC 470-60, the Company determined that the June 1, 2016 agreement resulted in a debt modification, not a debt extinguishment or a troubled debt restructuring.  The aggregate finance fees relating to the promissory notes are now being amortized to the Statement of Loss over the revised life of the promissory notes using the effective interest method. 
    
 10 

I-Minerals Inc.     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
          For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars except where otherwise indicated) 

The following table outlines the estimated cash payments required in order to repay the principal balance of the Third Promissory Notes: 

Certain conditions may result in early repayment including immediate repayment in the event a person currently not related to the Company acquires more than 40% of the outstanding common shares of the Company.  Debt issuance costs will be amortized over the estimated maturity life of the promissory notes. 

The Company and the Lender agreed that the Lender is to receive bonus shares equal to 7.5% of each loan tranche advanced divided by the Company s common share market price.  In addition, the Company will issue the Lender an equal number of share purchase warrants for each loan tranche advanced.  Each bonus share purchase warrant will entitle the Lender to purchase one common share of the Company at a price equal to the greater of (a) the market price of the Company s common shares on the date of the advance and (b) the volume weighted average price of the Company s common shares over the twenty trading days immediately prior to the date of the advance.  The bonus share purchase warrants expire on the earlier of (a) December 31, 2018 and (b) the date the advance has been repaid in full, including interest. 

The fair value of 477,522 bonus share purchase warrants committed to be issued (based on advances received during the period) during the six months ended October 31, 2016 of $49,493 was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: stock price   CAD$0.290; exercise price   CAD$0.298; expected risk-free interest rate   1.15%; expected life   2.44 years; expected volatility   79% and expected dividend rate   0%.  

The promissory notes are collateralized by the Company s Helmer-Bovill Property. 
    
 11 

I-Minerals Inc.     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
          For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars except where otherwise indicated) 

6.    
     
 WARRANT LIABILITIES:   

The Company has share purchase warrants exercisable into common shares at an exercise price denominated in Canadian dollars.  As a variable amount of US dollars are exercisable into a fixed number of common shares, the share purchase warrants are classified as derivative liabilities. 

The Company records the fair value of the share purchase warrants in accordance with ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging .  The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair values of the derivative liabilities.  The fair value of the derivative liability is revalued on each balance sheet date with corresponding gains and losses recorded in the consolidated statement of loss. 

Warrant Derivative Liabilities  

7.    
     
 SHARE CAPITAL:   

Common shares  

a)  
     Authorized:  

Unlimited number of common shares, without par value. 

b)  
     Stock transactions:  

During the six months ended October 31, 2016, the Company completed the following stock transactions: 

12 

I-Minerals Inc.     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
          For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars except where otherwise indicated) 

c)  
     Stock options:  

The Company has granted stock options under the terms of its Stock Option Plan (the  Plan ).  The Plan provides that the directors of the Company may grant options to purchase common shares to directors, officers, employees and service providers of the Company on terms that the directors of the Company may determine are within the limitations set forth in the Plan.  The maximum number of shares available under the Plan is limited to 10% of the issued common shares.  The maximum term of stock options is ten years.  All stock options vest on the date of grant, unless otherwise stated.  As at October 31, 2016, the Company had 2,634,639 stock options available for grant pursuant to the Plan (April 30, 2016 - 2,797,895).  

The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted during the six months ended October 31, 2016 of CAD$0.123 was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:  stock price   CAD$0.24; exercise price   CAD$0.24; risk-free interest rate   0.97%; expected life   2.7 years; expected volatility   83% and expected dividends - $nil.  Expected volatility was determined by reference to the historical volatility of the Company s common shares trading on the TSX Venture Exchange. 
    
 13 

I-Minerals Inc.     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
          For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars except where otherwise indicated) 

Non-Employee Stock Options   

In accordance with the guidance of ASC 815-40-15, stock options awarded to non-employees that are fully vested and exercisable in Canadian dollars are required to be accounted for as derivative liabilities because they are considered not to be indexed to the Company s stock due to their exercise price being denominated in a currency other than the Company s functional currency.  Stock options awarded to non-employees that are not vested are accounted for as equity awards until the terms associated with their vesting requirements have been met.  As at October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, there were no non-employee stock option awards that had not vested.  

The non-employee stock options are accounted for at their respective fair values and are summarized as follows for the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

The Company determined the fair value of its non-employee stock options as at October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

The non-employee options are required to be re-valued with the change in fair value of the liability recorded as a gain or loss on the change of fair value of derivative liability and included in other items in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Loss at the end of each reporting period.  The fair value of the options will continue to be classified as a liability until such time as they are exercised, expire or there is an amendment to the respective agreements that renders these financial instruments to be no longer classified as a liability.  

Share-based payments are classified in the Company s Statement of Loss during the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 as follows: 
    
 14 

I-Minerals Inc.     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
          For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars except where otherwise indicated) 

d)  
     Share purchase warrants:  

A summary of fully-exercisable share purchase warrants as at October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016 and the changes for the years then ended are as follows: 

15 

I-Minerals Inc.     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
          For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars except where otherwise indicated) 

Notes: 

(1)  
     The warrants are exercisable until the earlier of the date disclosed or the date that the promissory note advance, including interest, is repaid (Note 5).  

(3)  
     Subsequent to October 31, 2016, these share purchase warrants expired, unexercised.  

8.    
     
 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:   

The promissory notes received from a company controlled by a director (Notes 5 and 11) are related party transactions. 

9.    
     
 SEGMENT DISCLOSURES:   

The Company considers its business to comprise a single operating segment being the exploration of its resource property.  Substantially all of the Company s long-term assets and operations are located in Latah County, Idaho.  

10.    
     
 NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS:   

Investing and financing activities that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments are excluded from the consolidated statements of cash flows.  During the six months ended October 31, 2016, the following transactions were excluded from the consolidated statement of cash flows:  

During the six months ended October 31, 2015, the following transactions were excluded from the consolidated statement of cash flows: 

b)  
     The issuance by the Company of 286,845 common shares at the fair value of $54,035 as payment of interest on the Second Promissory Notes; and,  

16 

I-Minerals Inc.     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
          For the six months ended October 31, 2016    

(Unaudited - Expressed in US dollars except where otherwise indicated) 

a)  
     The Company received an aggregate of $175,000 of Third Promissory Notes.  

17 

Item
2.  Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operations     
  CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements contained in this Quarterly
Report constitute "forward-looking statements.  These statements,
identified by words such as  plan,  "anticipate,  "believe, 
"estimate,  "should,  "expect" and similar expressions
include our expectations and objectives regarding our future financial position,
operating results and business strategy. Forward-looking statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may
cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others,
general business, economic, competitive, political and social uncertainties;
the actual results of current exploration activities; changes in project
parameters as plans continue to be refined; changes in labour costs or other
costs of production; future mineral prices; equipment or processes to operate
as anticipated; accidents, labour disputes and other risks of the mining industry,
including but not limited to environmental hazards, cave-ins, pit-wall
failures, flooding, rock bursts and other acts of God or unfavourable operating
conditions and losses; delays in obtaining governmental approvals or financing
or in the completion of development or construction activities, as well as
those factors discussed in the section titled "Risk Factors" in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K which was filed with the SEC on July 27, 2016. 

 Forward looking statements are based on a
number of material factors and assumptions, including the results of
exploration and drilling activities, the availability and final receipt of
required approvals, licenses and permits, that sufficient working capital is
available to complete proposed exploration and drilling activities, that
contracted parties provide goods and/or services on the agreed time frames, the
equipment necessary for exploration is available as scheduled and does not
incur unforeseen break downs, that no labour shortages or delays are incurred
and that no unusual geological or technical problems occur. While we consider
these assumptions may be reasonable based on information currently available to
it, they may prove to be incorrect. Actual results may vary from such
forward-looking information for a variety of reasons, including but not limited
to risks and uncertainties disclosed in the section titled  Risk Factors  in our
Annual Report on
Form 10-K which was filed with the SEC on July 27, 2016. 

 We intend to discuss in our Quarterly Reports
and Annual Reports any events or circumstances that occurred during the period
to which such documents relate that are reasonably likely to cause actual
events or circumstances to differ materially from those disclosed in this Quarterly
Report. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for
management to predict all of such factors and to assess in advance the impact
of each such factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or
combination of such factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from
those contained in any forwarding looking statement. 

  CAUTIONARY
NOTE TO U.S. INVESTORS REGARDING ESTIMATES OF MEASURED, INDICATED AND INFERRED
RESOURCES AND PROVEN AND PROBABLE RESERVES

The terms  mineral reserve ,  proven mineral
reserve  and  probable mineral reserve  as used in this Quarterly Report are
Canadian mining terms as defined in accordance with Canadian National
Instrument 43-101   Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects ( NI 43-101 )
and the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (the  CIM )  
CIM Definition Standards on Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves, adopted by
the CIM Council, as amended (the  CIM Definition Standards ). These definitions
differ from the definitions in the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) Industry Guide 7 ( SEC Industry Guide 7 ) under the United
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). Under SEC
Industry Guide 7 standards, a  final  or  bankable  feasibility study is
required to report reserves, the three-year historical average price is used in
any reserve or cash flow analysis to designate reserves, and the primary
environmental analysis or report must be filed with the appropriate
governmental authority. 

 In addition, the terms  mineral resource ,
 measured mineral resource ,  indicated mineral resource  and  inferred mineral
resource  are defined in and required to be disclosed by NI 43-101; however,
these terms are not defined terms under SEC Industry Guide 7 and are normally
not permitted to be used in reports and registration statements filed with the
SEC. Investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of a
 mineral deposit in these categories will ever be converted into reserves.
 Inferred mineral resources  have a great amount of uncertainty as to their
existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. It
cannot be assumed that all, or any part, of an inferred mineral resource will
ever be upgraded to a higher category. Under Canadian rules, estimates of
inferred mineral resources may not form the basis of feasibility or
pre-feasibility studies, except in rare cases. Investors are cautioned not to
assume that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource exists or is
economically or legally mineable. Disclosure of unit measures in a resource is
permitted disclosure under Canadian regulations; however, the SEC only permits
issuers to report mineralization that does not constitute  reserves  by SEC
standards as in place tonnage and grade without reference to
unit measures. 
 18 

Accordingly, information contained in this Quarterly
Report and any documents incorporated by reference herein contain descriptions
of our mineral deposits that may not be comparable to similar information made
public by U.S. companies subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements
under the United States federal securities laws and the rules and
regulations thereunder. 

 As
used in this Quarterly Report, unless the context otherwise requires,  we, 
 us,   our,  the  Company  and  I-Minerals  refers to I-Minerals Inc.  All
dollar amounts in this registration statement are in U.S. dollars unless
otherwise stated.  

  General  

 We
were incorporated under the laws of British Columbia, Canada in 1984. In 2004,
we changed our corporate jurisdiction from a British Columbia company to a
Canadian corporation.  At the Annual General and Special Meeting of the
Shareholders held on December 7, 2016, the shareholders approved the change of
jurisdiction of I-Minerals from the Federal Jurisdiction of Canada to the
Province of British Columbia.  In December 2011, we amended our articles to
change our name from  i-minerals inc.  to  I-Minerals Inc.  

 The
Company engaged in the development of our Helmer-Bovill industrial minerals
property (the  Helmer-Bovill Property ).  The Helmer-Bovill Property, in which
we hold a 100% interest, is comprised of 11 mineral leases totaling 5,140.64
acres located approximately 6 miles southwest of Bovill, Latah County, Idaho. 

 We
acquired the Helmer-Bovill Property from Idaho Industrial Minerals ( IIM )
pursuant to an Assignment Agreement with Contingent Right of Reverter (the  IIM
Agreement ) dated August 12, 2002, as amended August 10, 2005, August 10, 2008
and January 21, 2010, between I-Minerals USA (formerly Alchemy Kaolin
Corporation), our wholly owned subsidiary, and IIM.  Under the terms of the IIM
Agreement, we issued a total of 1,800,000 common shares to IIM.  

 Our
principal executive office is located at Suite 880, 580 Hornby Street,
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and our telephone number is (877) 303-6573. 

 To date, we have not earned significant revenues from the operation of our mineral properties.  Accordingly, we are dependent on debt and equity financing as our primary source of operating working capital.  Our capital resources are largely determined by the strength of the junior resource markets and by the status of our projects in relation to these markets, and its ability to compete for investor support of its projects. 

  Our
Principal Projects  

 Our
activities at the Helmer-Bovill Property are focused on developing the Bovill Kaolin
Project and the WBL Tailings Project. 

  The
Bovill Kaolin Project  

 Our
lead project, the Bovill Kaolin Project, is a strategically located long term
resource of high purity quartz, potassium feldspar ( K-spar ), halloysite and
kaolinite formed through weathering of a border phase of the Idaho Batholith
causing all minerals to be contained within a fine white clay-sand mixture
referred to as  primary clay.  The Bovill Kaolin Project
is located within 5 miles of state highways with electricity and natural gas
already at the property boundary. 

 Since
2010, our exploration work has focused diamond drilling on the Bovill Kaolin
Project.  To date, a total of 258 diamond drill holes have been drilled
totaling 28,251 feet.  As a result of these drill campaigns, four deposits have
been identified: Kelly s Hump, Kelly s Hump South, Middle Ridge and WBL. 

 In
June 2014, we completed an updated pre-feasibility study on the Bovill Kaolin
Project (the  2014 PFS ) and on March 8, 2016, we announced the economic
results of our full feasibility study (the  2016 FS ), which included the
following highlights: 

Updated
    Measured and Indicated Resource Estimate 
     
 Measured Resources of
        5.7 million tons containing 76.5% quartz/K-spar sand, 12.3% Kaolinite and 4.0%
        Halloysite. 
        Indicated Resources
        of 15.5 million tons containing 57.0% quartz/K-spar sand, 15.5% Kaolinite and
        2.8% Halloysite. 
       667,000
        tons of contained halloysite, 3,119,000 tons of contained kaolinite and 13,235,000
        tons of contained quartz/K-spar. 

19 

Updated Mineral Reserves.  All figures are in
    thousands of tons.  

Note that values
presented here have been rounded to reflect the level of accuracy. 

 Proven and Probable
Mineral Reserves are presented using a $57.00 NSR cutoff grade. 

Economic
    Analysis 
     
 US$386 million
        Pre-Tax NPV; US$250 million After Tax NPV using a 6% discount rate. 
       31.6% Pre-Tax IRR; 25.8%
        After Tax IRR. 
        Initial Capital Cost
        of $108.3 million and Total Life of Mine capital costs $120.0 million. 
        Life of Mine
        in excess of 25 years
        with a stripping ratio of 0.54:1 (waste:ore). 
       3.7 year estimated
        after tax payback. 

The
full Feasibility Study was filed on www.sedar.com on April 20, 2016
and is available on the Company s website.  Going forward our focus is to
complete the longer lead time components of the detailed engineering, complete
the permitting process with the Idaho Department of Lands and commence efforts
to raise the capital necessary to build the mine. 

  The
WBL Tailings Project  

 We
also plan to continue limited seasonal mining operations at the WBL Tailings
Project.  The WBL Tailings Project is feldspathic sands deposited as tailings
from clay mining operations during the period from 1961 to 1974.  In September
2012, we received approval of our Mine Plan of Operations ( MPO ) from the
Idaho Department of Lands.  The MPO allows us to mine up to 50,000 tons per
annum of feldspathic sands from June to October for a period of 10 years.  Since
2013, approximately 5,000 tons of tailings was extracted and sold to a local cement
company and a local contractor.    

  Plan
of Operation  

 During the next twelve to eighteen months, our plan of operation
is to complete the mine permitting and get all of the longer lead time
engineering tasks such as the electricity and gas planning underway.  In the
interim we will continue to strengthen our customer list and continue
discussions to raise the capital to fund the mine construction 

  Engineering work on the Bovill Kaolin Project  

 As
recommended in the 2016 FS, we are about to begin the contemplated utility
surveys and are undertaking additional pilot plant work to produce customer
samples for marketing purposes and the related testwork for final equipment
selection, as well as to finalize the process plant water balance and utilities
consumptions.  This work together with the General and Administrative expenses
related in part to our continuing financing efforts are estimated to
cost about US$2,440,000 before taking
into consideration any possible land swap with the IDL.   

  Outlook  

 Our focus continues to be the detailed assessment of all of our mineral assets and advancing the Bovill Kaolin Project towards production.  With the FS now completed, the next steps are the final permitting activities.  Strong progress has been made with the Idaho Department of Lands, the lead permitting agency, but there remain a few minor unforeseen matters to resolve.  At this point the expectation is that initial permits should be received in Q1 calendar 2017.  
 20 

A second bulk sample has been sent to Ginn Mineral Research with separation of the clay minerals (kaolin and halloysite) now complete.  The sand fraction from the second bulk sample has been delivered to Minerals Research Laboratory at North Carolina State University ( MRL ).  Processing of the sand fraction (quartz and K-spar) from the initial bulk sample is now completed at MRL.  Samples of all quartz and K-spar products, including fine grind products, have been delivered to the Company for distribution to prospective customers for testing purposes.  The current round of pilot scale separations has also confirmed grades and separation characteristics of all areas of the deposits.  The earlier processing of the bulk samples at Ginn Mineral Research created halloysite and metakaolin products samples for marketing purposes that are also being distributed for testing purposes.  Interest from companies pursuing research and development of life science and polymer applications with our halloysite is particularly encouraging, MRL is also undertaking some optimization work on a bench scale to see how high a K2O feldspar product can be produced.  Results to date are very encouraging with select bench scale results exceeding 14% K20, a very high potassium level for any K-spar.  Bench scale work is complete and the initial pilot plant runs have been completed.  Assays from the pilot plant work are awaited to see how the pilot plant recoveries compare with the exceptional bench scale results.  A third pilot plant is underway at Ginn Mineral Research to make additional volumes of metakaolin for larger scale testing and additional halloysite for an increasing number of customers requesting halloysite for testing.  Sample requests for halloysite have come from North America, Europe, the Middle East, South America and Asia showing both the scarcity of halloysite in general and the quality of I-Minerals halloysite in particular.  Once the clay portion of the pilot plant has been completed at Ginn, the sand fraction will be sent to MRL for k-spar and quartz separation.  

 Based
upon opportunities identified in the Charles Rivers report, internal marketing
efforts and customer leads generated through the website, strong interest has
been generated in all of the Company s mineral products with ever increasing
interest in the K-spar.  Samples continue to be sent to customers for testing
and the response has generally been very favorable. 

  Results
of Operation  

  Six months ended October
31, 2016  

 We recorded a loss of $2,569,593
for the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to a loss of $2,772,264
for the six months ended October 31, 2015. 
The decrease in the loss recorded for the six months
ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the six months
ended October 31, 2015 is the net result of changes to a number of expenses. 
Of note are the following items: 

Management and consulting fees of $188,826 (2015 - $97,201) are
comprised of fees to manage our Company and stock-based compensation.  The
stock-based compensation recognized in the current period was $121,770 (2015 -
$35,653).  Approximately half of the fees to manage our Company are charged to
management and consulting fees and the other half is charged to mineral
property expenditures. 
 Mineral property expenditures of $667,212 (2015 - $1,534,536) are costs incurred on our Helmer-Bovill Property.  The main expenses incurred during the current period included engineering and consulting ($115,810), mineral analysis and processing ($159,207) and environmental ($95,902).  We were working on completing permitting work and final pilot plant processing during the current period.  In the prior period, the Company incurred $935,192 of engineering and consulting expenditures and mineral analysis and processing of $312,127 as part of updating the feasibility study.  
 General and miscellaneous expenses of $360,262 (2015 - $292,053)
are comprised of office and telephone expenses, payroll taxes, medical
benefits, insurance premiums, travel expenses, promotional expenses,
shareholder communication fees, transfer agent fees and filing fees.  The
increase during the current period was due primarily to an increase in mineral marketing
activities as well as investor relations activities. 
 Professional fees of $244,667 (2015 - $273,122) include legal
fees, audit fees and financial consulting fees.  The decrease in fees in the
current period was due to the reduction of legal fees relating to the IIM
litigation and legal fees relating to the legal action against Unimin
Corporation. 
 Loss on settlement of liabilities of $nil (2015   $31,512)
represents the change in fair value of common shares between the date the
Company agreed to settled liabilities for common shares and the date that the
common shares were ultimately issued.  The Company used common shares to settle
interest payable pursuant to promissory notes and second promissory notes. 
 Accretion expense of $243,355 (2015 - $163,032) is the
amortization of the fair value of bonus shares and bonus warrants issued to the
lender of the promissory notes.  The bonus shares and bonus warrants are
amortized over the life of the promissory notes. 
 Interest expense of $743,102 (2015 - $536,347) is from promissory
notes that bear interest at a rate of 12% per year.  Interest increased as
additional funds were advanced. 
 We recorded a loss on change in fair value of derivative
liabilities of $106,805 (2015   gain of $157,329).  The change in fair value of
derivative liabilities is based on the change in remaining term of derivative
instruments and our stock price.  The derivatives include warrants as well as
stock options granted to non-employees.  The derivative liabilities do not
represent cash liabilities. 
 
 21 

Three months ended October
31, 2016  

 We recorded a loss of $1,174,599
for the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to a loss of $1,112,797
for the three months ended October 31, 2015. 
The increase in the loss recorded for the three
months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the three months ended October 31,
2015 is the net result of changes to a number of expenses as noted above under
the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.   

  Liquidity and Capital
Resources  

 Our aggregate operating, investing and financing
activities during the six months ended October 31, 2016 resulted in a net cash inflow
of $247,847 (2015   inflow of $588,913).  As at October 31, 2016, we had
working capital deficiency of $1,343,283, including cash of $376,200.   

 During the six months ended October 31, 2016, $2,096,510 was
used in operations before changes in non-cash operating working capital items
(2015 - $2,697,321).  The decrease in these cash flows was due primarily to a decrease
in mineral property expenditures.  During the six months ended October 31, 2016,
we spent $nil on investing activities (2015 - $nil) and we received $1,612,736
from financing activities (2015 - $2,600,000). 

 Currently, we are being financed by advances pursuant to promissory notes advanced by BV Lending LLC, an entity controlled by Allen L. Ball, a member of our Board of Directors and our largest shareholder (the  Lender ).  During the year ended April 30, 2016, the Company was receiving advances pursuant to the First Promissory Notes and the Second Promissory Notes.  As at April 30, 2016, the balance of the promissory notes was $11,044,280.  The final tranche pursuant to the Second Promissory Notes was received in May 2016.  Effective August 31, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with the Lender pursuant to which up to an additional $2,965,000 will be advanced to the Company in tranches (the  Third Promissory Notes ), of which we have received $1,420,000 as at December 15, 2016.  The August 31, 2016 agreement also amended the maturity date of the First Promissory Notes and the Second Promissory Notes.  The promissory notes have a modified maturity date of December 2, 2017.  Certain conditions may result in early repayment. 

 We have not as yet put into commercial production
any mineral properties and as such have no operating revenues.  Accordingly, we are dependent on debt
and equity financing as its primary source of operating working capital.  Our capital resources
are largely determined by the strength of the junior resource markets and by
the status of our projects in relation
to these markets, and our ability to compete for investor support of our
projects.  

 We
remain dependent on additional financing to fund development requirements on
the Helmer-Bovill property and for general corporate costs.  With respect to
funds required for capital cost items, State-sponsored debt financing
instruments may be available on attractive terms, and we intend to pursue such
financial instruments to cover portions of the capital costs associated with
placing the Bovill Kaolin deposits into production.  We have commenced efforts
to raise the capital necessary to build the mine. 

 We
do not have the ability to internally generate sufficient cash flows to support
our operations for the next twelve months.  We are currently receiving funds
from a company controlled by a director of the Company through promissory
notes.  We have no formal plan in place to address this going concern issue but
consider that we will be able to obtain additional funds by equity financing
and/or debt financing; however, there is no assurance of additional funding
being available.  As a result, our auditors included an emphasis of matter note
in their report on the financial statements for the year ended April 30, 2016
about our ability to continue as a going concern.   

  Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements   

 We have no significant off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or
expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to shareholders. 

  Critical Accounting Policies  

  Measurement Uncertainty  

 The
preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with US
GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  We
regularly evaluate estimates and assumptions related to the useful life and
recoverability of long lived assets, stock-based compensation, valuation of
convertible debentures and derivative liabilities, and deferred  
 22 

income tax
asset valuation allowances.  We base our estimates and assumptions on current
facts, historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the
accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other
sources.  The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and
adversely from our estimates.  To the extent there are material differences
between the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will
be affected.  The most significant estimates with regard to our condensed
consolidated financial statements relate to the determination of fair values of
derivative liabilities and stock-based transactions. 

  Stock-based
Compensation  

 We
account for all stock-based payments and awards under the fair value based
method.  Stock-based payments to non-employees are measured at the fair value
of the consideration received, or the fair value of the equity instruments
issued, or liabilities incurred, whichever is more reliably measurable. 

 The
fair value of stock-based payments to non-employees is periodically re-measured
until the counterparty performance is complete, and any change therein is
recognized over the vesting period of the award and in the same manner as if we
had paid cash instead of paying with or using equity based instruments.  The
cost of the stock-based payments to non-employees that are fully vested and
non-forfeitable as at the grant date is measured and recognized at that date,
unless there is a contractual term for services in which case such compensation
would be amortized over the contractual term. 

 We
account for the granting of stock options to employees using the fair value
method whereby all awards to employees will be recorded at fair value on the
date of the grant.  The fair value of all stock options is expensed over their
vesting period with a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital. 

 Compensation
costs for stock-based payments that do not include performance conditions are
recognized on a straight-line basis. Compensation cost associated with a share
based award having a performance condition is recognized on the probable
outcome of that performance condition during the requisite service period.
Share based awards with a performance condition are accrued on an award by
award basis. 

 We
use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate the fair value of
stock options at the date of the grant. Option pricing models require the input
of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected price volatility.
Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates. 

  Derivative Liabilities  

 We
evaluate our financial instruments and other contracts to determine if those
contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to
be separately accounted for in accordance with ASC 815. The result of this
accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is
marked-to-market at each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability and the
change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statement of loss.  Upon
conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to
fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to
equity. 

 The
classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments
should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of
each reporting period.  Derivative instruments that become subject to
reclassification are reclassified at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification
date.  Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified in the balance
sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not settlement of the
derivative instrument is expected within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

 We
use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to value derivative liabilities. 
This model uses Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy established by ASC
820 Fair Value Measurement. 

  Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

 Not
applicable 

  Item
4. Controls and Procedures.  

 The
Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2016. Based on
that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as of October 31, 2016.  There were no material changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the second quarter of 2017. 
 23 

Part
II   OTHER INFORMATION  

  Item
1. Legal Proceedings.  

 There
have been no material developments on the legal
proceeding previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the financial year ended April 30, 2016. 

  Item
1A. Risk Factors  

 There
have been no material changes from the risk factors as previously disclosure in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K which was filed with the SEC on July 27, 2016.   

  Item
2. Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds  

 All
unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by the
Quarterly Report were previously disclosed in our current reports on Form 8-K
or our Annual Report on Form 10-K other than the following: 

ii)

On September 23, 2016, the Company issued 486,346 common shares pursuant at a fair value of $116,756.  The common shares were issued in accordance with the terms of loan agreements.  The securities were issued pursuant to the provisions of Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act as the creditor represented that it was an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D.

Item
3. Defaults upon senior securities   

 None 

  Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

 Pursuant
to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act (The  Dodd-Frank Act ), issuers that are operators, or that have a
subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States
are required to disclose in their periodic reports filed with the SEC
information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders and
citations, related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related
fatalities. During the six months ended October 31, 2016, our U.S. exploration
properties were not subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health
Administration ( MSHA ) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977
(the "Mine Act"). 

  Item
5. Other Information  

 None 
 24 

Item
6. Exhibits  

Notes:

(4)

Filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2015.

25 

SIGNATURES  

 In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

I-MINERALS
  INC. 

Date:

December
  15, 2016

By:

/s/
  Thomas M. Conway 

THOMAS
  M. CONWAY 

Chief
  Executive Officer and President

(Principal Executive
  Officer)

Date:

December
  15, 2016

By:

/s/
  Matthew Anderson 

MATTHEW
  ANDERSON 

Chief
  Financial Officer

(Principal Financial
  Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - I-Minerals Inc. - Exhibit 31.1 

Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

 I, Thomas M. Conway, certify that: 

1.

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of I-Minerals Inc.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have:

(a)

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(c)

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: December 15,
2016 

/s/ Thomas M. Conway   THOMAS M. CONWAY  
  Chief Executive Officer and President

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - I-Minerals Inc. - Exhibit 31.2 

Exhibit 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION  

 I, Matthew Anderson, certify that: 

1.

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of I-Minerals Inc.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have:

(a)

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(c)

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: December 15,
2016 

/s/ Matthew Anderson   MATTHEW ANDERSON  
  Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - I-Minerals Inc. - Exhibit 32.1 

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION
BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-  OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

 In connection with the Quarterly Report of I-Minerals Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas M. Conway, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: December 15, 2016  

/s/ Thomas M. Conway   THOMAS M. CONWAY  
  Chief Executive Officer and President

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - I-Minerals Inc. - Exhibit 32.2 

Exhibit 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION
BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-  OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

 In connection with the Quarterly Report of I-Minerals Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Matthew Anderson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: December 15,
2016  

/s/ Matthew Anderson   MATTHEW ANDERSON  
  Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 imav-20161031.xml
 INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 imav-20161031.xsd
 SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 imav-20161031_cal.xml
 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 imav-20161031_def.xml
 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 imav-20161031_lab.xml
 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 imav-20161031_pre.xml
 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

