<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1522420_0001193125-16-760152_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7546719</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119223</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>376270</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1472464</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3523663</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1652591</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>64</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-760152.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104160318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-760152
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BSB Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001522420
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35309
		FILM NUMBER:		161975182

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 LEONARD STREET
		CITY:			BELMONT
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02478
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 484-6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 LEONARD STREET
		CITY:			BELMONT
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02478

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-760152.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 d444206d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  Commission file number: 001-35309        
       BSB BANCORP,
INC.      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

Maryland  
   
  80-0752082   
 
    (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
  Incorporation or Organization)   
   
    (I.R.S Employer  
  Identification No.)    

2 Leonard Street  
  Belmont, Massachusetts   
   
  02478   
 
  (Address of Principal Executive Officers)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (617) 484-6700   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. (Check one):      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       The Registrant had 9,102,016 shares of common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, outstanding as of October 28, 2016.          

Table of Contents  

     BSB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1.   
   
     Consolidated Financial Statements     

-  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December
31, 2015    

3  

-  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended
 September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    

4  

-  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months
 Ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)     

5  

-  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the
 Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    

6  

-  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended   September
 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    

7  

-  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements    

9  

Item 2.   
   
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of   Operations    

30  

Item 3.   
   
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk    

44  

Item 4.   
   
     Controls and Procedures    

44  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.   
   
     Legal Proceedings    

45  

Item 1A.   
   
     Risk Factors    

45  

Item 2.   
   
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds    

45  

Item 3.   
   
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

45  

Item 4.   
   
     Mine Safety Disclosures    

45  

Item 5.   
   
     Other Information    

46  

Item 6.   
   
     Exhibits    

46  

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Consolidated Financial Statements          BSB BANCORP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Dollars in thousands)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     BSB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
 ( Dollars in thousands, except per share data )      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.     
      4  

Table of Contents  

     BSB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
 ( Dollars in thousands )      
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     BSB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   
  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   
  (Dollars in thousands)   
  (Unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     BSB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Dollars in thousands)   
  (Unaudited)       
 
      7  

Table of Contents  

BSB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Dollars in thousands)   
  (Unaudited)      (Continued)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

     BSB BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (Dollars in thousands)      NOTE 1  
BASIS OF PRESENTATION     The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of BSB Bancorp, Inc. have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in
financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The consolidated financial statements of BSB Bancorp, Inc. include the balances and results of operations of BSB Bancorp,
Inc., a Maryland corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Belmont Savings Bank and BSB Funding Corporation and the Bank s wholly owned subsidiary, BSB Investment Corporation (referred to herein as  the Company,   we, 
 us,  or  our ). Intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in the consolidation.    In the opinion of management, the
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
and the results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. All interim amounts have not been audited, and the results of operations for the interim periods herein are not necessarily indicative of the
results of operations to be expected for the fiscal year. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.    Certain previously reported amounts have been reclassified to
conform to the current period s presentation.    NOTE 2   RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS UPDATES   
 In January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-01, Financial
Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. ASU 2016-01, among other things, (i) requires equity investments, with certain exceptions, to be measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, (ii) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment, (iii) eliminates the
requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet, (iv) requires
public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, (v) requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the
fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments, (vi) requires separate
presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements and (vii) clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for
a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) .  Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and
liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current GAAP, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a
finance or operating lease. However, unlike current GAAP, which requires only capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet, the new ASU will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. This ASU is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods therein. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . 
This update makes several modifications to Topic 718 related to the accounting for forfeitures, employer tax withholding on share-based compensation and the financial statement presentation of excess tax benefits or deficiencies. ASU 2016-09 also
clarifies the statement of cash flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently
evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements.    In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The update changes the impairment model for most financial assets and sets forth a  current expected credit
 
      9  

Table of Contents  

loss  (CECL) model which will require the Company to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current
conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts. This method is forward-looking and will generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for losses. This replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit
losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost and also applies to some off-balance sheet credit exposures. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements.    In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and    Cash Payments. The update
provides guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments for presentation in the statement of cash flows. The amendment is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim
periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments will be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented unless impracticable. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on
the Company s consolidated financial statements.     NOTE 3 - INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES   
 The amortized cost basis of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities and their approximate fair values were as follows at the dates indicated (in
thousands):      
   The amortized cost basis and estimated fair value of debt securities by contractual maturity at September 30, 2016 is as
follows (in thousands and unaudited). Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.  
   
   When securities are sold, the adjusted cost basis of the specific security sold is used to compute the gain or loss on the
sale. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and September 30, 2015 (unaudited), there were no sales of available-for-sale securities.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  Information pertaining to securities with gross unrealized losses aggregated by investment category and length of
time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position is as follows (in thousands):      
   The investment securities portfolio is generally evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment under Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) 320-10,  Investments - Debt and Equity Securities.     Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. At September 30, 2016 (unaudited), 18 debt securities were in an unrealized loss position. When there are securities in an
unrealized loss position, consideration is given to (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and
ability of the Company to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. Based on the Company s September 30, 2016 (unaudited) quarterly review of securities in the
investment portfolio, management has determined that unrealized losses related to 18 debt securities with aggregate depreciation of 0.34% from the Company s amortized cost basis were caused primarily by changes in market interest rates. The
contractual terms of these investments do not permit the companies to settle the security at a price less than the par value of the investment. The Company currently does not believe it is probable that it will be unable to collect all amounts due
according to the contractual terms of the investments. Therefore, it is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the par value of the investment. Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is
more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, it does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016.  
 At December 31, 2015, 59 debt securities had unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of 1.11% from the Company s amortized cost basis. The
Company s unrealized losses on investments in corporate bonds and mortgage-backed securities are primarily caused by changes in market interest rates.  
 In addition to the securities listed above, the Company holds investments in a Rabbi Trust that are used to fund the executive and director non-qualified
deferred compensation plan. These investments are available to satisfy the claims of general creditors of the Company in the event of bankruptcy and are included in our consolidated balance sheets in other assets. The investments consisted primarily
of mutual funds and are classified as trading securities and recorded at fair value. The fair value of these investments at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 was $2.6 million and $2.5 million, respectively. For the three and nine
month periods ending September 30, 2016 (unaudited), the net gain on these investments still held at the reporting date was $37,000 and $51,000, respectively. For the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2015 (unaudited), the net loss
on these investments still held at the reporting date was $74,000 and $44,000, respectively. Refer to Note 7   Employee and Director Benefit Plans, for more information.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 4   LOANS, ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES AND CREDIT QUALITY   
  Loans     Loans that management has the intent and ability to
hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or pay-off generally are reported at their outstanding unpaid principal balances adjusted for charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, deferred fees or costs on originated loans, and any premiums
or discounts on purchased loans.    Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination
costs, are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of the related loan yield using the interest method.    The accrual of interest on all loans is
discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days past due unless the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual if collection of principal
or interest is considered doubtful. All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. The interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until
qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.  
 Payments received on impaired loans are applied to reduce the recorded investment in the loan principal to the extent necessary to eliminate doubt as to the
collectability of the net carrying amount of the loan. Some or all of the payments received on impaired loans are recognized as interest income if the remaining net carrying amount of the loan is deemed to be fully collectible. When
recognition of interest income on an impaired loan on a cash basis is appropriate, the amount of income that is recognized is limited to that which would have been accrued on the net carrying amount of the loan at the contractual interest
rate. Any cash interest payments received in excess of the limit and not applied to reduce the net carrying amount of the loan are recorded as recoveries of charge-offs until the charge-offs are fully recovered.  
  Allowance for Loan Losses     The allowance for loan losses
is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent
recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance.    The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management. This evaluation is
inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. The allowance consists of general, allocated and unallocated components, as further described below.  
 General Component:    The general component of the allowance for
loan losses is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors stratified by the following loan segments: residential real estate, home equity lines of credit, commercial real estate, construction, commercial, indirect auto and
other consumer. Management uses a rolling average of historical losses based on a time frame appropriate to capture relevant loss data for each loan segment. This historical loss factor is adjusted for the following qualitative factors:
levels/trends in delinquencies; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of changes in risk selection and underwriting standards and other changes in lending policies, procedures and practices; experience/ability/depth of lending management and
staff; and national and local economic trends and conditions. There were no changes in the Company s policies or methodology pertaining to the general component of the allowance for loan losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or
during fiscal year 2015.    The qualitative factors are determined based on the various risk characteristics of each loan segment. Risk characteristics
relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows:    Residential real estate loans and home equity lines of credit   The Company generally does not
originate or purchase loans with a loan-to-value ratio greater than 80 percent and generally does not grant subprime loans. Loans in this segment are generally collateralized by owner-occupied residential real estate and repayment is dependent on
the cash flow and credit quality of the individual borrower. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment.  
 Commercial real estate loans   Loans in this segment are primarily secured by income-producing properties in eastern Massachusetts. The underlying cash
flows generated by the properties may be adversely impacted by a downturn in the economy and increased vacancy rates, which in turn, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment. Management generally obtains rent rolls annually and
continually monitors the cash flows of these borrowers.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  Construction loans   Loans in this segment primarily include speculative real estate development loans for
which payment is derived from sale and/or lease up of the property. Credit risk is affected by cost overruns, time to sell, or lease at adequate prices, and market conditions.  
 Commercial loans   Loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by assets of the business. Repayment is expected from the cash
flows of the business. A weakened economy, and resultant decreased consumer and business spending, will have an effect on the credit quality in this segment.  
 Indirect auto loans   Loans in this segment are secured installment loans that were originated through a network of select regional automobile
dealerships. The Company s interest in the vehicle is secured with a recorded lien on the state title of each automobile. Collections are sensitive to changes in borrower financial circumstances, and the collateral can depreciate or be damaged
in the event of repossession. Repayment is primarily dependent on the credit worthiness and the cash flow of the individual borrower and secondarily, liquidation of the collateral.  
 Other consumer loans - Loans in this segment include secured and unsecured consumer loans including passbook loans, consumer lines of credit and overdraft
protection, and consumer unsecured loans. Repayment is dependent on the credit quality and the cash flow of the individual borrower.    Allocated Component:
   The allocated component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it
is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment
status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines
the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the
borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed.    The Company periodically may agree
to modify the contractual terms of loans. When a loan is modified and a concession is made to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty, the modification is considered a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ). All TDRs are classified as
impaired.    Impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or,
as a practical expedient, at the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. Generally, TDRs are measured for impairment using the discounted cash flow method except in instances where
foreclosure is probable in which case the fair value of collateral method is used. When the fair value of the impaired loan is determined to be less than the recorded investment in the loan, the impairment is recorded through the valuation
allowance. However, for collateral dependent loans, the amount of the recorded investment in a loan that exceeds the fair value of the collateral is charged-off against the allowance for loan losses in lieu of an allocation of a specific allowance
amount when such an amount has been identified definitively as uncollectable.    Unallocated Component:  
 An unallocated component may be maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of
the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating allocated and general reserves in the portfolio. At September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015, the Company
had unallocated reserves of $492,000 and $213,000, respectively.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  Loans consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):  

(1) 
 Includes multi-family real estate loans.      The following tables (in thousands) present the activity in the
allowance for loan losses by portfolio class for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited); and the balances of the allowance for loan losses and recorded investment in loans by portfolio class based on impairment
method at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015. The recorded investment in loans in any of the following tables does not include accrued and unpaid interest or any deferred loan fees or costs, as amounts are not significant.

14  

Table of Contents  

15  

Table of Contents  

  Information about loans that meet the definition of an impaired loan in ASC 310-10-35 is as follows as of
September 30, 2016 (unaudited and in thousands):      
     
   Information about loans that meet the definition of an impaired loan in ASC 310-10-35 is as follows as of December 31, 2015
(in thousands):      

16  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables set forth information regarding interest income recognized on impaired loans, by portfolio,
for the periods indicated (unaudited and in thousands):      

The following is a summary of past due and non-accrual loans (in thousands):  

17  

Table of Contents  

   Credit Quality Information   
 The Company utilizes a nine grade internal loan rating system for commercial, commercial real estate and construction loans, and a five grade internal loan
rating system for certain residential real estate and home equity lines of credit that are rated if the loans become delinquent.    Loans rated 1, 2, 2.5, 3
and 3.5: Loans in these categories are considered  pass  rated loans with low to average risk.    Loans rated 4: Loans in this category are
considered  special mention.  These loans are starting to show signs of potential weakness and are being closely monitored by management.    Loans
rated 5: Loans in this category are considered  substandard.  Generally, a loan is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligors and/or the collateral pledged. There is
a distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the weakness is not corrected.    Loans rated 6: Loans in this category are considered
 doubtful.  Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts,
highly questionable and improbable.    Loans rated 7: Loans in this category are considered uncollectible ( loss ) and of such little value that
their continuance as loans is not warranted.    On an annual basis, or more often if needed, the Company formally reviews the ratings on all commercial,
commercial real estate loans, and construction loans. On an annual basis, the Company engages an independent third party to review a significant portion of loans within these segments. Management uses the results of these reviews as part of its
annual review process.    On a quarterly basis, the Company formally reviews the ratings on all residential real estate and home equity lines of credit if
they have become delinquent. Criteria used to determine the rating consists of loan-to-value and days delinquent.    The following tables present the
Company s loans by risk rating at September 30, 2016 (unaudited and in thousands) and December 31, 2015 (in thousands). There were no loans rated as 6 ( doubtful ) or 7 ( loss ) at the dates indicated.  

(A) 
 Residential real estate and home equity lines of credit are not formally risk rated by the Company unless the loans become delinquent.    
 The Company periodically modifies loans to extend the term or make other concessions to help a borrower stay current on their loan and to avoid foreclosure.
Any loans that are modified are reviewed by the Company to identify if a TDR has occurred, which is when, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Bank grants a concession to the borrower that it would
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

not otherwise consider. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited), there were no loans modified and determined to be a TDR. During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015 (unaudited), there was one loan modified and determined to be a TDR. At September 30, 2016 (unaudited), the Company had $7.5 million of troubled debt restructurings related to ten loans.  
 The following table shows the Company s total TDRs and other pertinent information as of the dates indicated (in thousands):  
   
   The following tables show the troubled debt restructuring modifications which occurred during the periods indicated and the
change in the recorded investment subsequent to the modifications occurring (dollars in thousands and unaudited):      

Three months ended September 30, 2016 

Three months ended September 30, 2015 

# of Contracts 

Pre-modification outstanding recorded investment 

Post-modification  outstanding recorded investment 

# of Contracts 

Pre-modification outstanding recorded investment 

Post-modification outstanding recorded investment 

Real estate loans:  

Residential one-to-four family  

$ 

$ 

1 

$ 
 463 

$ 
 507 

Total  

$ 

$ 

1 

$ 
 463 

$ 
 507 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 

Nine months ended September 30, 2015 

# of Contracts 

Pre-modification outstanding recorded investment 

Post-modification outstanding recorded investment 

# of Contracts 

Pre-modification outstanding recorded investment 

Post-modification outstanding recorded investment 

Real estate loans:  

Residential one-to-four family  

$ 

$ 

1 

$ 
 463 

$ 
 507 

Total  

$ 

$ 

1 

$ 
 463 

$ 
 507 

19  

Table of Contents  

  The following table shows the Company s post-modification balance of TDRs listed by type of modification
during the periods indicated (in thousands):      
     
   For purposes of this table the Company generally considers a loan to have defaulted when it reaches 90 days past due. The
following table shows the loans that have been modified during the past twelve months which have subsequently defaulted during the periods indicated (unaudited and in thousands except for number of contracts):  

For the three months ended September 30, 

2016 

2015 

Number of Contracts 

Recorded Investment 

Number of Contracts 

Recorded Investment 

Real estate loans:  

Residential one-to-four family  

$ 

$ 

Total  

$ 

$ 

Foreclosure Proceedings   
 Consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property that are in the process of foreclosure totaled $497,000 as of September 30, 2016
(unaudited) and $412,000 as of December 31, 2015. We did not have any foreclosed residential real estate property as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and as of December 31, 2015.  
  NOTE 5   TRANSFERS AND SERVICING     Certain
residential mortgage loans are periodically sold by the Company to the secondary market. Generally, these loans are sold without recourse or other credit enhancements. The Company sells loans and both releases and retains the servicing rights. For
loans sold with the servicing rights retained, we provide the servicing for the loans on a per-loan fee basis. The Company has also periodically sold auto loans to other financial institutions without recourse or other credit enhancements, and the
Company generally provides servicing for these loans.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015, residential loans previously sold and serviced by
the Company were $61.3 million and $65.9 million, respectively. At September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015, indirect auto loans previously sold and serviced by the Company were $34.5 million and $57.8 million, respectively.  
 On March 16, 2006, seventeen loans with an aggregate principal balance of $10.5 million were sold to another financial institution. The agreement related
to this sale contained provisions requiring the Company to repurchase any loan that became 90 days past due during the initial 120 months. The Company would repurchase the past due loan for 100 percent of the unpaid principal plus interest to
repurchase date. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the recourse provision expired and both the loans and recourse obligation were derecognized from the consolidated balance sheet. As of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and
December 31, 2015, the Company s recorded balance of these loans sold with recourse amounted to $0 and $1.0 million, respectively. The Company did not incur any losses related to these loans.  
 Mortgage servicing rights (MSR) are initially recorded as an asset and measured at fair value when loans are sold to third parties with servicing rights
retained. MSR assets are amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing revenues. The carrying value of these assets is periodically reviewed for impairment using the lower of amortized cost or fair value methodology.
The fair value of the servicing rights is determined by estimating the present value of future net cash flows, taking into consideration market loan prepayment speeds, discount rates, servicing costs and other economic factors. For purposes of
measuring impairment, the underlying loans are stratified into relatively homogeneous pools based on predominant risk characteristics which include product type (i.e., fixed or adjustable) and interest rate bands. If the aggregate carrying value of
the capitalized mortgage servicing rights for a stratum exceeds its fair value, MSR impairment is recognized in earnings through a valuation allowance for the difference. As the loans are repaid and net servicing revenue is earned, the MSR asset is
amortized as an offset to loan servicing income. Servicing revenues are expected to exceed this amortization expense. However, if actual prepayment experience or defaults exceed what was originally anticipated, net servicing revenues may be less
than expected and mortgage servicing rights may be impaired. No servicing assets or liabilities related to auto loans were recorded, as the contractual servicing fees are adequate to compensate the Company for its servicing responsibilities.  
 Changes in mortgage servicing rights, which are included in other assets, were as follows (in thousands):  
   
    NOTE 6   SECURITIES SOLD UNDER AGREEMENTS TO REPURCHASE AND OTHER BORROWED FUNDS   
 The securities sold under agreements to repurchase as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 are securities sold on a short-term basis by
the Company that have been accounted for not as sales but as borrowings. The securities consisted of mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government sponsored entities. The securities were held in the Company s safekeeping account at the
Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston under the control of the Company. The securities are pledged to the purchasers of the securities. The purchasers have agreed to sell to the Company identical securities at the maturity of the agreements. The balance
of securities sold under agreements to repurchase as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 was $3.8 million and $3.7 million, respectively.  
 Other borrowed funds consist of the recourse obligation recorded in connection with the loans sold with recourse discussed in Note 5. The balance of the
recourse obligation at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 was $0 and $1.0 million, respectively.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 7   EMPLOYEE AND DIRECTOR BENEFIT PLANS   
   Belmont Savings Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan    
 The purpose of the Belmont Savings Bank Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan is to remain competitive with our peers in our compensation arrangements and to
help us retain certain executive officers of the Company. At September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015, there were four participants in the Plan. Participants are fully vested after the completion of between five and ten years
of service. The plan is unfunded. The estimated liability at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 relating to this plan was $1.6 million and $1.3 million, respectively.  
   Other Supplemental Retirement Plans      The Company
has supplemental retirement plans for eligible executive officers that provide for a lump sum benefit upon termination of employment at or after age 55 and completing 10 or more years of service (certain reduced benefits are available prior to
attaining age 55 or fewer than 10 years of service), subject to certain limitations as set forth in the agreements. The present value of these future payments is being accrued over the service period. The estimated liability at September 30,
2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 relating to these plans was $2.3 million and $2.0 million, respectively.    The Company has a supplemental retirement
plan for eligible directors that provides for monthly benefits based upon years of service to the Company, subject to certain limitations as set forth in the agreements. The present value of these future payments is being accrued over the
estimated period of service. The estimated liability at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 relating to this plan was $689,000 and $635,000, respectively.  
   Incentive Compensation Plan      The Incentive
Compensation Plan is a discretionary annual cash-based incentive plan that is an integral part of the participant s total compensation package and supports the continued growth, profitability and risk management of Belmont Savings Bank. Each
year participants are awarded for the achievement of certain performance objectives on a company-wide and individual basis. Compensation expense recognized was $561,000 and $487,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited),
respectively, and $1.5 million and $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited), respectively.      Defined
Contribution Plan      The Company sponsors a 401(k) plan covering substantially all employees meeting certain eligibility requirements. Under the
provisions of the plan, employees are able to contribute up to an annual limit of the lesser of 75% of eligible compensation or the maximum allowed by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company s contributions for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited) totaled $223,000 and $217,000, respectively, and $653,000 and $646,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited), respectively.  
   Deferred Compensation Plan      The Company has a
compensation deferral plan by which selected employees and directors of the Company are entitled to elect, prior to the beginning of each year, to defer the receipt of an amount of their compensation for the forthcoming year. Each agreement allows
for the individual to elect to defer a portion of his or her compensation to an individual deferred compensation account established by Belmont Savings Bank. In April 2013, Belmont Savings Bank created a Rabbi Trust, or grantor trust. The Rabbi
Trust is maintained by the Company primarily for purposes of holding deferred compensation for certain directors and employees of the Company. The plan is administered by a third party and permits participants to select from a number of
investment options for the investment of their account balances. Each participant is always 100% vested in his or her deferred compensation account balance. As of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015, the recorded liability relating
to the Rabbi Trust was $2.6 million and $2.5 million, respectively.      Employee Stock Ownership Plan    
 The Company maintains an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ) to provide eligible employees the opportunity to own Company stock. This plan is a
tax-qualified retirement plan for the benefit of all Company employees. Contributions are allocated to eligible participants on the basis of compensation, subject to federal tax law limits.  
 The Company contributed funds to a subsidiary to enable it to grant a loan to the ESOP for the purchase of 458,643 shares of the Company s common stock
at a price of $10.00 per share. The loan obtained by the ESOP from the Company s subsidiary to purchase Company common stock is payable annually over 30 years at a rate per annum equal to the Prime Rate (3.5% at September 30, 2016, unaudited).
Loan payments are principally funded by cash contributions from the Bank. The loan is secured by the shares purchased,  
      22  

Table of Contents  

which are held in a suspense account for allocation among participants as the loan is repaid. Cash dividends paid on allocated shares are distributed to participants and cash dividends paid on
unallocated shares are used to repay the outstanding debt of the ESOP. Shares used as collateral to secure the loan are released and available for allocation to eligible employees as the principal and interest on the loan is paid. The Company
incurred expenses of $89,000 and $79,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited), respectively, and $260,000 and $235,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited), respectively.  
   Severance Agreements      The Company has entered into
employment agreements and change in control agreements with certain executive officers which would provide the executive officers with severance payments based on salary, and the continuation of other benefits, upon a change in control as defined in
the agreements.     NOTE 8   PLEDGED ASSETS     The
following securities and loans were pledged to secure securities sold under agreements to repurchase, Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) advances and credit facilities available (in thousands).  

NOTE 9   EARNINGS PER SHARE   
 Basic earnings per share ( EPS ) excludes dilution and is calculated by dividing net income allocated to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed in a manner similar to that of basic EPS except that the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding is increased to include the number of
incremental common shares (computed using the treasury stock method) that would have been outstanding if all potentially dilutive common stock equivalents (such as stock options and unvested restricted stock not meeting the definition of a
participating security) were issued during the period.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  Earnings per share consisted of the following components for the periods indicated (unaudited and dollars in
thousands except per share data):      
   The following table illustrates average options to purchase shares of common stock that were outstanding but not included in
the computation of EPS because they were antidilutive under the treasury stock method (unaudited):      
   Unallocated common shares held by the ESOP are shown as a reduction in stockholders  equity and are not included in the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for either basic or diluted earnings per share calculations.    On June 22, 2013, the
Company s Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase, from   time-to-time   and as market and business conditions warrant, up to 500,000 shares of the
Company s common stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited), the Company did not repurchase any shares under the repurchase program.  
  NOTE 10   STOCK BASED COMPENSATION     The following
table presents the pre-tax expense associated with stock options and restricted stock awards and the related tax benefits recognized (in thousands and unaudited):      
 
      24  

Table of Contents  

  Total compensation cost related to non-vested awards not yet recognized and the weighted average period (in
years) over which it is expected to be recognized is as follows (in thousands):      
    NOTE 11   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   
  Determination of Fair Value     The fair value of an asset or
liability is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement
date, including during periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many instruments. This condition could cause an instrument to be reclassified from one level to
another. Fair value is best determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s various assets and liabilities. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair
values are based on estimates using present value of cash flows or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair
value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument.    The Company groups its assets and liabilities measured at fair value in
three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the observability and reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value.  
 Level 1 - Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to
access at the measurement date.    Level 2 - Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly.    Level 3 - Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.  
 For assets and liabilities, fair value is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  
 In general, fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon models
that primarily use, as inputs, observable market based parameters. The Company s valuation methodologies may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. While
management believes the Company s valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result
in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. Furthermore, the reported fair value amounts have not been comprehensively revalued since the presentation dates, and therefore, estimates of fair value after the balance sheet date may
differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. A more detailed description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value is set forth below. A description of the valuation methodologies used for
instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below. These valuation methodologies were applied to all of the Company s financial assets and
financial liabilities carried at fair value for September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. There were no significant transfers between level 1 and level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and the
year ended December 31, 2015.    Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities: Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis include the following:     Securities Available for Sale : The Company s investment in corporate debt securities is generally
classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. For these securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from independent pricing services. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include reported trades, dealer
quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. treasury yield curve, trading levels, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the instrument s terms and conditions.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

   Investments held in the Rabbi Trust : Investments held in the Rabbi Trust consist primarily of
exchange-traded mutual funds and were recorded at fair value and included in other assets. The purpose of these investments is to fund certain director and executive  non-qualified  retirement benefits and
deferred compensation. The exchange-traded mutual funds were valued based on quoted prices from the market and are categorized as Level 1.    The
following table summarizes financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure
fair value (in thousands):      
   Certain financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the
instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). Financial assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis
during the reported periods include certain impaired loans reported at the fair value of the underlying collateral. Fair value was measured using appraised values of collateral and adjusted as necessary by management based on unobservable inputs for
specific properties. However, the choice of observable data is subject to significant judgment, and there are often adjustments based on judgment in order to make observable data comparable and to consider the impact of time, the condition of
properties, interest rates, and other market factors on current values. Additionally, commercial real estate appraisals frequently involve discounting of projected cash flows, which relies inherently on unobservable data. Therefore, real estate
collateral related nonrecurring fair value measurement adjustments have generally been classified as Level 3. Estimates of fair value used for other collateral supporting commercial loans generally are based on assumptions not observable in the
marketplace and therefore such valuations have been classified as Level 3. Financial assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis during the reported periods also include loans held-for-sale. Residential mortgage loans held-for-sale
are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value and are therefore measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The fair values for loans held-for-sale are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being
offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality and are included in Level 3.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  The following table (in thousands) presents certain impaired loans that were re-measured and reported at fair
value through a specific valuation allowance allocation of the allowance for loan losses or charge off based upon the fair value of the underlying collateral and loans
  held-for-sale   at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015.      
    Non-Financial Assets and Non-Financial Liabilities : The Company has no non-financial assets or  non-financial  liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Non-financial assets measured at fair value on a  non-recurring  basis during the reported periods include
certain foreclosed assets which, upon initial recognition, were  re-measured  and reported at fair value through a  charge-off  to the allowance for loan losses. Non
financial assets also include mortgage servicing right assets that are remeasured and reported at the lower of cost or fair value.    The following table
(in thousands) presents the non-financial assets that were  re-measured  and reported at the lower of cost or fair value at the periods indicated:  
   
   ASC Topic 825,  Financial Instruments,  requires disclosure of the fair value of financial assets and financial
liabilities, including those financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis or  non-recurring  basis. The methodologies for estimating the fair
value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis are discussed above. The estimated fair value approximates carrying value for cash and cash equivalents, FHLB stock, accrued
interest, bank owned life insurance, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and mortgagors  escrow accounts. The methodologies for other significant financial assets and financial liabilities are discussed below:  
 Securities held to  maturity-The  fair values presented are based on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted
market prices are not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices of comparable instruments and/or discounted cash flow analyses.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  Loans- For variable-rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values
are based on carrying values. The fair values for other loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality.  
 Deposits- The fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., interest and non-interest checking, passbook savings and money market accounts) are, by
definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts). Fair values for fixed-rate certificate accounts are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently
being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on certificate accounts.    FHLB advances- The fair values of the
Company s FHLB advances are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current incremental borrowing rates in the market for similar types of borrowing arrangements.  
 Other borrowed funds-This balance represents the balance of loans sold with recourse. Fair values are determined consistent with that of our loans.  
  Summary of Fair Values of Financial Instruments not Carried at Fair Value   
 The estimated fair values, and related carrying or notional amounts, of the Company s financial instruments are as follows (in thousands):  

28  

Table of Contents  

NOTE 12   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the changes in the components of other comprehensive income (loss) for the dates indicated, including the
amount of income tax expense (benefit) allocated to each component of other comprehensive income:      
 
      29  

Table of Contents  

  The components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), included in stockholders  equity, are as
follows: (in thousands):      
      Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    The following analysis discusses the changes in financial condition and results of operation of the Company, and should be read in conjunction with
both the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements and notes thereto, appearing in Part 1, Item 1 of this report.      Forward-Looking
Statements      This report contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as
 estimate,   project,   believe,   intend,   anticipate,   plan,   seek,   expect,   will,   may  and words of similar meaning. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to:      

statements of our goals, intentions and expectations;        

statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies;        

statements regarding the asset quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and        

estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits.      These forward-looking statements are
based on our current beliefs and expectations and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are
subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this document, except as required by law.  
 The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations
expressed in the forward-looking statements:      

our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, which includes significant asset and liability growth;        

our ability to increase our market share in our market areas and capitalize on growth opportunities;        

our ability to successfully implement our branch network expansion strategy;        

general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, and conditions in the real estate markets that could affect the demand for our loans and other products and the ability of borrowers to repay loans,
lead to declines in credit quality and increased loan losses, and negatively affect the value and salability of the real estate that is the collateral for many of our loans;    

competition among depository and other financial institutions;        

inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of financial instruments;    
      30  

Table of Contents  

adverse changes in the securities markets;        

changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements;    

increases in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) deposit insurance premiums and assessments could adversely affect our financial condition;    

government shutdowns;        

severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events which could significantly impact our business;    

our inability to adapt to changes in information technology;        

system failures or breaches of our network security;        

electronic fraudulent activity within the financial services industry;        

our ability to successfully integrate acquired entities, if any;        

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits;        

changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board;        

changes in our organization, compensation and benefit plans;        

changes in our financial condition or results of operations that reduce capital available; and        

changes in the financial condition or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own.    
 Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the
filings made by BSB Bancorp, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 under the heading  Item 1A. Risk Factors.  Because of these and a wide
variety of other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements.  
   Critical Accounting Policies    
 There are no material changes to the critical accounting policies from those disclosed in BSB Bancorp, Inc. s 2015 Annual Report on
Form 10-K. In applying these accounting policies, management is required to exercise judgment in determining many of the methodologies, assumptions and estimates to be utilized. As discussed in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on
Form 10-K, the most significant areas in which management applies critical assumptions and estimates that are particularly susceptible to change relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, investment classification and
impairment and deferred income taxes. Management s estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date and revenues and expenses for the period. Actual results could differ from the
amount derived from management s estimates and assumptions under different conditions.     Comparison of Financial Condition at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015       Total Assets.   Total assets increased $260.83 million to $2.07 billion at September 30,
2016, from $1.81 billion at December 31, 2015. The increase was primarily the result of a $251.41 million or 16.4% increase in net loans, a $6.17 million or 33.7% increase in Federal Home Loan Bank stock and a $5.77 million or 19.4% increase in
bank-owned life insurance.     Cash and Cash Equivalents.   Cash and cash equivalents decreased by $1.49 million or 2.9% to $49.77
million at September 30, 2016 from $51.26 million at December 31, 2015.      Investment Securities.   Total investment
securities decreased $2.29 million to $156.70 million at September 30, 2016 from $158.99 million at December 31, 2015.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    Loans.   Management continues to focus on prudently growing the residential and
commercial real estate loan portfolios. We experienced strong growth during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net loans increased by $251.41 million or 16.4% to $1.79 billion at September 30, 2016 from $1.53 billion at December 31, 2015. The
increase in net loans was primarily due to increases of $238.2 million or 33.6% in residential one-to-four family loans, $15.96 million or 26.3% in construction loans, $13.21 million or 2.9% in commercial real estate loans, $10.82 million or 6.8% in
home equity lines of credit and $8.12 million or 15.3% in commercial loans. Partially offsetting these increases was a decrease in indirect auto loans of $34.10 million or 32.8% driven by the suspension of new originations due to current market
conditions. Credit quality remains high with total non-performing loans to total loans of 0.10% as of September 30, 2016. 
   Bank-Owned Life Insurance.   We invest in bank-owned life insurance to help defray the cost of our benefit plan obligations.
Bank-owned life insurance also generally provides noninterest income that is nontaxable. At September 30, 2016, our investment in bank-owned life insurance was $35.55 million or an increase of $5.78 million from $29.79 million at
December 31, 2015. This increase was driven by purchases of $5.01 million in new policies and $762,000 in income from  bank-owned  life insurance during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
   Federal Home Loan Bank Stock.       The Bank held an investment in Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston stock of $24.48
million as of September 30, 2016. This was an increase of $6.17 million or 33.7% from $18.31 million as of December 31, 2015. The FHLB is a cooperative that provides services to its member banking institutions. The primary reason for our FHLB
of Boston membership is to gain access to a reliable source of wholesale funding, particularly term funding, as a tool to grow the balance sheet and manage interest rate risk. The purchase of stock in the FHLB is a requirement for a member to gain
access to funding. The Company purchases FHLB stock proportional to the volume of funding received and views the purchases as a necessary  long-term  investment for the purposes of balance sheet liquidity and
interest rate risk management. We do not invest in FHLB stock for investment returns.      Deposits.   Deposits increased $156.58
million or 12.3% to $1.43 billion at September 30, 2016 from $1.27 billion at December 31, 2015. The increase in deposits was due to an increase of $68.15 million or 10.0% in savings accounts, an increase of $65.25 million or 25.2% in
certificates of deposit ( CDs ) and an increase of $30.80 million or 24.3% in interest-bearing checking accounts, partially offset by a decrease of $7.98 million or 4.1% in demand deposits. Core deposits, which we consider to include all
deposits other than CDs and brokered CDs, increased by $91.33 million or 9.0%. Our deposit strategies continue to deliver strong, consistent deposit growth from all our business lines. Our commitment to focusing on targeted business segments,
enhancing our commercial relationships and geographically targeting retail programs has been the key to this performance.    The following
table sets forth the Company s deposit mix at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands):      
     Borrowings.   At September 30, 2016, borrowings consisted of advances from the Federal Home
Loan Bank of Boston and securities sold to customers under agreements to repurchase, or  repurchase agreements.  Other borrowed funds that existed at December 31, 2015 with a balance of $1.02 million have been derecognized from the
consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016. The balance was related to loans that were sold with recourse to another financial institution in March of 2006 that were accounted for as secured borrowings due to a recourse provision. The
recourse provision expired during the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and both the loans and recourse obligation were derecognized.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  Total borrowings increased $94.31 million or 24.9% to $473.02 million at September 30, 2016, from
$378.72 million at December 31, 2015. Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston drove this increase as such advances increased $95.25 million to $469.25 million at September 30, 2016, from $374.00 million at December 31, 2015.
   The following table sets forth the Company s short-term borrowings and long-term debt for the dates indicated (in thousands):  
   
     Stockholders  Equity.   Total stockholders  equity increased $10.61 million, or 7.3%, to
$156.82 million at September 30, 2016 from $146.20 million as of December 31, 2015. This increase is primarily the result of earnings of $8.67 million and a $1.59 million increase in additional
 paid-in  capital related to stock-based compensation.      Non-Performing Assets.   The
following table sets forth the amounts and categories of our non-performing assets at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands):      
   It is the general policy of the Bank to consider any loan on non-accrual as an impaired loan. Exceptions
to this policy can be made when, in the opinion of senior management, a loan is adequately secured, properly documented and clearly in the process of  
      33  

Table of Contents  

collection. Any exceptions to policy are reviewed on a monthly basis and must be approved by senior management. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no loans on
non-accrual that were determined to not be impaired. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 there were no loans delinquent 90 days or more and still accruing.  
   Troubled Debt Restructurings.   We occasionally modify loans to extend the term or make other concessions to help a borrower stay
current on their loan and to avoid foreclosure or collection activity. We generally do not forgive principal or interest on loans. At September 30, 2016, we had $7.52 million of troubled debt restructurings related to ten loans as compared to $7.79
million of troubled debt restructurings related to ten loans at December 31, 2015. The decrease in the balance was driven by principal payments.  
  Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
   General.   Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $3.18 million compared to net income of $1.87 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The improvement in operating results of $1.31 million or 70.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 resulted from an
increase in net interest and dividend income after the provision for loan losses of $2.51 million, partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense of $337,000 and an increase in income tax expense of $852,000. 
   Net Interest and Dividend Income.   Net interest and dividend income increased $2.23 million or 22.8% to $12.03 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $9.80 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net interest and dividend income was primarily due to an increase in average net
 interest-earning  assets of $8.77 million or 3.1% to $289.47 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $280.70 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset
by a decrease in our net interest margin of 4 basis points to 2.43% during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 2.47% during the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
   Interest and Dividend Income.   Interest and dividend income increased $3.37 million or 27.2% to $15.73 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from $12.36 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in interest and dividend income was primarily due to a $3.24 million increase in interest and fees on loans. The increase in
interest and fees on loans resulted primarily from an increase in the average balance of loans of $370.69 million to $1.73 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.36 billion for the three months ended September 30,
2015 as well as a 4 basis point increase in the average yield on loans to 3.37% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 3.33% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
   Interest Expense.   Interest expense increased $1.14 million or 44.3% to $3.70 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $2.56 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted from a $378.39 million or 29.7% increase in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities to $1.65 billion for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.27 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2015 as well as a 9 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities to 0.89% during the three months ended September 30, 2016
from 0.80% during the three months ended September 30, 2015.    Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits increased by $438,000 to
$2.43 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.99 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the interest expense on savings accounts, CDs and  interest-bearing  checking accounts of $232,000, $158,000 and $49,000, respectively. The increase in interest expense on savings accounts of $232,000 from $901,000 to $1.13 million was driven by an increase in the
average balance of $123.63 million as well as a 3 basis point increase in the cost of savings accounts to 0.61% from 0.58%. The increase in interest expense on CDs of $158,000 from $1.00 million to $1.16 million was driven by an increase in the
average balance of $56.92 million, partially offset by an 8 basis point decrease in the cost of CD accounts to 1.46% from 1.54%. The increase in interest expense on  interest-bearing  checking accounts of
$49,000 from $86,000 to $135,000 was driven by an increase in the average balance of $33.45 million as well as a 6 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing checking accounts to 0.39% from 0.33%.  
 Interest expense on total borrowings increased $697,000 to $1.27 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $575,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the average balance of FHLB advances of $165.61 million or 59.7% to $442.96 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $277.35 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and an increase in the average cost of FHLB advances of 33 basis points to 1.14% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.81% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, as
we have increased the balance of our long term advances.      Provision for Loan Losses.   Based on our methodology for
establishing the allowance for loan losses and provision for loan losses as discussed in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-Q, we recorded a provision for loan losses of $443,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $727,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses was $12.97 million or 0.72% of total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $11.24 million or 0.73% of total
loans at December 31, 2015.      Noninterest Income.   Noninterest income decreased by $13,000 to $680,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, from $693,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

    Noninterest Expense.   Noninterest expense increased $337,000 or 5.0% to $7.07
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $6.73 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our efficiency ratio improved to 55.6% during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 64.2% during the three
months ended September 30, 2015 as we continue to grow the balance sheet and manage costs.      Income Tax Expense.   We
recorded income tax expense of $2.02 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to income tax expense of $1.17 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The effective tax rate for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was 38.8% compared to 38.4% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables set forth average balances of assets and liabilities, average yields and
costs, and certain other information for the periods indicated. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero
yield. The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense.      

(2) 
 Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities.    

(3) 
 Net interest-earning assets represents total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.    

(4) 
 Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.    
 
      36  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income
for the periods indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior
rate). For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately, based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume.  

Comparison of Operating Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
   General.   Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $8.67 million compared to net income of $4.85 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The improvement in operating results of $3.83 million or 79.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulted from an increase in net interest and
dividend income after the provision for loan losses of $7.08 million, partially offset by an increase in income tax expense of $2.25 million, an increase in noninterest expense of $655,000 and a decrease in noninterest income of $349,000.  
   Net Interest and Dividend Income.   Net interest and dividend income increased $7.44 million or 27.0% to $35.02 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $27.58 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net interest and dividend income was primarily due to an increase in average net interest-earning assets of $14.72 million
or 5.3% to $291.66 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $276.93 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by a decrease in our net interest margin of 1 basis point to 2.48% during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 from 2.49% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.      Interest and Dividend Income.
  Interest and dividend income increased $10.42 million or 29.8% to $45.33 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $34.91 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in interest and dividend income was
primarily due to a $9.88 million increase in interest and fees on loans. The increase in interest and fees on loans resulted primarily from an increase in the average balance of loans of $374.92 million to $1.66 billion for the nine months ended
 
      37  

Table of Contents  

September 30, 2016 from $1.28 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as well as a 4 basis point increase in the average yield on loans to 3.41% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 from 3.37% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.      Interest Expense.   Interest expense increased $2.98
million or 40.7% to $10.31 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $7.33 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted from a $375.57 million or 31.5% increase in the average balance of
interest-bearing liabilities to $1.57 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $1.19 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as well as a 6 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities to 0.88%
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.82% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    Interest expense on
interest-bearing deposits increased by $1.21 million to $6.90 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $5.69 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the interest
expense on savings accounts, CDs and interest-bearing checking accounts of $648,000, $386,000 and $183,000, respectively. The increase in interest expense on savings accounts of $648,000 from $2.54 million to $3.19 million was driven by an increase
in the average balance of $150.79 million, partially offset by a 1 basis point decrease in the cost of savings accounts to 0.59% from 0.60%. The increase in interest expense on CDs of $386,000 from $2.91 million to $3.30 million was driven by an
increase in the average balance of $44.01 million, partially offset by a 6 basis point decrease in the cost of CD accounts to 1.50% from 1.56%. The increase in interest expense on interest-bearing checking accounts of $183,000 from $228,000 to
$411,000 was driven by an increase in the average balance of $45.01 million as well as a 7 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing checking to 0.41% from 0.34%.  
 Interest expense on total borrowings increased $1.77 million to $3.42 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.65
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the average balance of FHLB advances of $136.84 million or 50.2% to $409.43 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $272.59
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and an increase in the average cost of FHLB advances of 31 basis points to 1.11% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.80% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, as we have
increased the balance of our long term advances.      Provision for Loan Losses.   Based on our methodology for establishing the
allowance for loan losses and provision for loan losses as discussed in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-Q, we recorded a provision for loan losses of $1.78 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to $1.43 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses was $12.97 million or 0.72% of total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $11.24 million or 0.73% of total loans at December 31, 2015. 
   Noninterest Income.   Noninterest income decreased by $349,000 to $2.05 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
from $2.40 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in net gains on sales of loans and a decline in auto loan servicing and other auto related fee income. Partially offsetting these
decreases was an increase in income from bank-owned life insurance due to $5.00 million of additional policies purchased during the second quarter of 2015 as well as $5.00 million purchased during the second quarter of 2016. 
   Noninterest Expense.   Noninterest expense increased $655,000 or 3.2% to $21.31 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, from $20.65 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our efficiency ratio improved to 57.5% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 68.9% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as we
continue to grow the balance sheet and manage costs.      Income Tax Expense.   We recorded income tax expense of $5.30 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to income tax expense of $3.05 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 38.0% compared to 38.7% for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in our effective tax rate was driven by an increase in our deferred tax assets related to an increase in our statutory federal income tax rate. In addition, our effective tax rate benefited
from the impact of federally tax exempt industrial revenue bond interest income and the lower impact of non-deductible stock based compensation. Partially offsetting these decreases to our effective tax rate was a reduced proportion of income
related to bank-owned life insurance and increased income tax expense as a result of the increase in our statutory federal income tax rate.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables set forth average balances of assets and liabilities, average yields and costs, and certain
other information for the periods indicated. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set
forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense.      

(2) 
 Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities.    

(3) 
 Net interest-earning assets represents total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.    

(4) 
 Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.    
 
      39  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the periods
indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). For
purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately, based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume.  

Management of Market Risk    
   General  . The Bank s most significant form of market risk is interest rate risk because, as a financial institution, the
majority of assets and liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Therefore, a principal part of the Bank s operations is to manage interest rate risk and limit the exposure of the Bank s financial condition and results of
operations to changes in market interest rates. The Bank s Asset/Liability Management Committee is responsible for evaluating the interest rate risk inherent in the Bank s assets and liabilities, for determining the level of risk that is
appropriate, given the Bank s business strategy, operating environment, capital, liquidity and performance objectives, and for managing this risk consistent with the policy and guidelines approved by our Board of Directors.  
 Exposure to interest rate risk is managed by Belmont Savings Bank through periodic evaluations of the current interest rate risk inherent in
its rate-sensitive assets and liabilities, primarily deposits, borrowings, loans and investment securities, coupled with determinations of the level of risk considered appropriate given Belmont Savings Bank s capital and liquidity requirements,
business strategy and performance objectives. Through such management, Belmont Savings Bank seeks to manage the vulnerability of its net interest income to changes in interest rates.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  Strategies used by Belmont Savings Bank to manage the potential volatility of its earnings may
include:      

The origination and retention of adjustable rate residential one-to-four family loans, adjustable rate home equity lines of credit, adjustable rate commercial loans, commercial real estate loans and indirect automobile
loans;        

The sale of fixed rate loans;        

Investing in securities with relatively short maturities and/or expected average lives;        

Emphasizing growth in low-cost core deposits; and        

Lengthening liabilities such as term certificates of deposit, brokered certificates of deposit and Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston borrowings as appropriate.    
   Net Interest Income Analysis.   The Bank analyzes its sensitivity to changes in interest rates through a net interest income
model. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income the Bank earns on its interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and the interest the Bank pays on its interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and
borrowings. The Bank estimates what its net interest income would be for a one-year period based on current interest rates. The Bank then calculates what the net interest income would be for the same period under different interest rate assumptions.
The Bank also estimates the impact over a five year time horizon. The following table shows the estimated impact on net interest income ( NII ) for the one-year period beginning September 30, 2016 resulting from potential changes in
interest rates. These estimates require the Bank to make certain assumptions including loan and mortgage-related investment prepayment speeds, reinvestment rates, and deposit maturities and decay rates. These assumptions are inherently uncertain
and, as a result, the Bank cannot precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on its net interest income. Although the net interest income table below provides an indication of the Bank s interest rate risk exposure at a
particular point in time, such estimates are not intended to, and do not, provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on its net interest income and will differ from actual results.  

(1) 
 The calculated change for a ramp -100 BPS and a ramp +200 BPS, assumes a gradual parallel shift across the yield curve over a one-year period. The calculated change for shock +300 assumes that market rates
experience an instantaneous and sustained increase of 300 BPS.      The table above indicates that at September 30, 2016, in the event of an
instantaneous and sustained 300 basis point increase in interest rates the Bank would experience a 12.9% decrease in net interest income. At the same date, in the event of a 200 basis point increase in interest rates over a one year period, assuming
a gradual parallel shift across the yield curve over such period, the Bank would experience a 5.2% decrease in net interest income. At the same date, in the event of a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates over a one year period, assuming
a gradual parallel shift across the yield curve over such period, the Bank would experience a 0.2% decrease in net interest income. 
   Economic Value of Equity Analysis.   The Bank also analyzes the sensitivity of its financial condition to changes in interest
rates through an economic value of equity model. This analysis measures the difference between predicted changes in the present value of its assets and predicted changes in the present value of its liabilities assuming various changes in
current interest rates. The economic value of equity analysis as of September 30, 2016 estimated that, in the event of an instantaneous 200 basis point increase in interest rates, the Bank would experience a 16.3% decrease in the economic value
of its equity. At the same date, the analysis estimated that, in the event of an instantaneous 100 basis point decrease in interest rates, the Bank would experience a 23.9% decrease in the economic value of its equity. The estimates of
changes in the economic value of the Bank s equity require management to make certain assumptions including loan and mortgage-related investment prepayment speeds, reinvestment rates, and deposit maturities and decay rates. These assumptions
are inherently uncertain and, as a result, management cannot precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on the economic value of the Bank s equity. Although the economic value of equity analysis provides an indication of the
Bank s interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such estimates are not intended to, and do not, provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on the economic value of the Bank s equity and
will differ from actual results.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

    Liquidity and Capital Resources  . Liquidity is the ability to meet current and
future financial obligations. Our primary sources of funds consist of deposit inflows, loan repayments, advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, security repayments and loan sales. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and
securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. Our Asset/Liability Management Committee is responsible for establishing and
monitoring our liquidity targets and strategies in order to ensure that sufficient liquidity exists for meeting the borrowing needs and deposit withdrawals of our customers as well as unanticipated contingencies. We believe that we had enough
sources of liquidity at September 30, 2016 to satisfy our short- and long-term liquidity needs as of that date.    We regularly monitor and adjust our
investments in liquid assets based on our assessment of:      

expected loan demand;        

expected deposit flows and borrowing maturities;        

yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities; and        

the objectives of our asset/liability management program.      Excess liquid assets are invested
generally in interest-earning deposits and short-term securities and may also be used to pay off short-term borrowings.    Our most liquid
assets are cash and cash equivalents. The level of these assets is dependent on our operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $49.77 million.  
 Our cash flows are derived from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities as reported in our Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows included in our Consolidated Financial Statements.    At September 30, 2016, we had $109.04 million in loan commitments
outstanding. In addition to commitments to originate and purchase loans, we had $266.81 million in unused lines of credit to borrowers and $14.30 million in unadvanced funds on construction loans.  
 Certificates of deposit due within one year of September 30, 2016 totaled $99.44 million, or 6.97%, of total deposits. If these deposits do
not remain with us, we may be required to seek other sources of funds, including loan sales, brokered deposits, repurchase agreements and Federal Home Loan Bank advances. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such
deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the certificates of deposit due on or before September 30, 2017. We believe, however, based on historical experience and current market interest rates that we will retain upon maturity a large
portion of our certificates of deposit with maturities of one year or less as of September 30, 2016.    Our primary investing activity is
originating and purchasing loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, we originated and purchased $627.76 million and $749.88 million of loans, respectively.  
 Financing activities consist primarily of activity in deposit accounts, Federal Home Loan Bank advances and, to a lesser extent, brokered
deposits. We experienced net increases in deposits of $156.58 million and $284.96 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
levels of brokered deposits were $146.55 million and $114.03 million, respectively. Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest rates, the interest rates and products offered by us and our local competitors, and by other factors.
   Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term function of business management. If we require funds beyond our ability to generate
them internally, borrowing agreements exist with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, which provide an additional source of funds. At September 30, 2016, we had $469.25 million of Federal Home Loan Bank advances. Based on available collateral at
that date, we had the ability to borrow up to an additional $264.83 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston.    We are obligated
to make future payments according to various contracts. As of September 30, 2016, our contractual obligations have not changed materially from those disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on March 11, 2016.    BSB Bancorp, Inc. and Belmont Savings Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements,
including a risk-based capital measure. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of capital and a framework for calculating risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk
categories. At September 30, 2016, BSB Bancorp, Inc. and Belmont Savings Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements and Belmont Savings Bank is considered  well capitalized  under regulatory guidelines.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

  The net proceeds from our stock offering completed in October 2011 had significantly increased
our liquidity and capital resources however, over time, the level of liquidity has been reduced as net proceeds from the stock offering and additions to capital from income generated are used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of
loans. We have seen our financial condition and results of operations enhanced by the continued investment of the net proceeds from the stock offering, resulting in increased net interest-earning assets and net interest and dividend income. However,
due to the increase in equity resulting from the net proceeds raised in the stock offering, our return on equity has been adversely affected following the stock offering.  
 At the time of conversion from a mutual holding company to a stock holding company, BSB Bancorp, Inc. substantially restricted retained
earnings by establishing a liquidation account and the Bank established a parallel liquidation account. The liquidation account will be maintained for the benefit of eligible holders who continue to maintain their accounts at the Bank after
conversion. The liquidation account is reduced annually to the extent that eligible account holders have reduced their qualifying deposits. Subsequent increases will not restore an eligible account holder s interest in the liquidation account.
In the event of a complete liquidation of the Bank, and only in such event, each account holder will be entitled to receive a distribution from the liquidation account in an amount proportionate to the adjusted qualifying account balances then held.
The Bank may not pay dividends if those dividends would reduce equity capital below the required liquidation account amount.    The
Company s total stockholders  equity increased to $156.82 million at September 30, 2016 from $146.20 million at December 31, 2015. This increase is primarily the result of earnings of $8.67 million and a $1.59 million increase in
additional paid-in capital related to stock-based compensation.      Basel III Capital Rules.   In July 2013, the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation and the other federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that will revise their leverage and risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements
that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Among other things, the rule establishes a new common equity Tier 1 minimum capital requirement (4.5% of risk-weighted assets),
increases the minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets requirement (from 4% to 6% of risk-weighted assets) and assigns a higher risk weight (150%) to exposures that are more than 90 days past due or are on nonaccrual status and to certain
commercial real estate facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. The final rule also requires unrealized gains and losses on certain  available-for-sale  securities holdings to be included
for purposes of calculating regulatory capital unless a one-time opt-out is exercised. The rule limits a banking organization s capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking organization does not hold a
 capital conservation buffer  consisting of 2.5% of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The final rule became effective for the
Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015. The capital conservation buffer requirement started being phased in on January 1, 2016 and will continue to be phased in through January 1, 2019, when the full capital conservation buffer requirement
will be effective.    The following table presents actual and required capital ratios as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 for the Company and the Bank under the Basel III Capital Rules. The minimum required capital amounts presented include the minimum required capital levels as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 based on the
phase-in provisions of the Basel III Capital Rules and the minimum required capital levels as of January 1, 2019 when the Basel III Capital Rules have been fully phased-in. Capital levels required to be considered well capitalized are
based upon prompt corrective action regulations, as amended to reflect the changes under the Basel III Capital Rules.      
 
      43  

Table of Contents  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    
 As a financial services provider, we routinely are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance sheet risks, such as commitments
to extend credit and unused lines of credit. While these contractual obligations represent our potential future cash requirements, a significant portion of commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. Such commitments are
subject to the same credit policies and approval process accorded to loans we make. In addition, from time to time we enter into commitments to sell mortgage loans that we originate. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we engaged in no
off-balance sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       The information required by
this item is included in Item 2 of this report under  Management of Market Risk.       

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures       As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried
out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive and Principal Financial
officers as appropriate to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosures.    The effectiveness of a system of disclosure controls
and procedures is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the soundness of our systems, the possibility of human error, and the risk
of fraud. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and the risk that the degree of compliance with policies or
procedures may deteriorate over time. Due to such inherent limitations, there can be no assurance that any system of disclosure controls and procedures will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud, or in making all material information
known in a timely manner to the appropriate levels of management.   There were no changes in the Company s internal control over
financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       Periodically, there have been various claims and lawsuits against us,
such as claims to enforce liens, condemnation proceedings on properties in which we hold security interests, claims involving the making and servicing of real property loans and other issues incident to our business. We are not a party to any
pending legal proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.      

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors.       For information regarding the Company s risk factors, see  Risk
Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the risk factors of the Company have not changed
materially from those disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K.      

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds         

(a)   
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.       None        

(b)       
   Use of Proceeds.       None        

(c)   
       Repurchase of Equity Securities.        The following table provides certain information
with regard to shares repurchased by the Company in the third quarter of 2016.      

(1) 
 On June 22, 2013, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 500,000 shares, or 5.5% of the Company s then outstanding common stock. Repurchases will be made
from time to time depending on market conditions and other factors, and will be conducted through open market or private transactions, through block trades, and pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the
Securities and Exchange Commission. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares to be repurchased by the Company.        

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None  

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

Item 5.  
  Other Information       None      

Item 6.  
  Exhibits         

31.1 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.  

31.2 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.  

32.0 
    
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.*  

101.0 
    
 The following data from the BSB Bancorp, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated
Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the related notes.  

46  

Table of Contents  

   Signatures   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

BSB BANCORP, INC.   

Date: 
   
 November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert M. Mahoney   

Robert M. Mahoney  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: 
   
 November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ John A. Citrano   

John A. Citrano  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  
 
      47  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d444206dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, Robert M. Mahoney, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BSB Bancorp, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors:        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Robert M. Mahoney      

Robert M. Mahoney  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d444206dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, John A. Citrano, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BSB Bancorp, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors:        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 4, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ John A. Citrano   

John A. Citrano  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 4
 d444206dex320.htm
 EX-32.0

EX-32.0 

Exhibit 32.0   
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 Robert M. Mahoney, President and Chief Executive Officer of BSB Bancorp, Inc., (the  Company ) and John A. Citrano, Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) and that to the
best of his knowledge:      

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ Robert M. Mahoney   

Robert M. Mahoney  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ John A. Citrano   

John A. Citrano  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by
the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 blmt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 blmt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 blmt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 blmt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 blmt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 blmt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

