<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-K_edgar_data_1534154_0001615774-16-007936_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7886098</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>308970</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>458590</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1913580</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3302147</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1746680</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>107</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-007936.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101183101
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-007936
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ID Global Solutions Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534154
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54545
		FILM NUMBER:		161965902

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 EAST LAKE BRANTLEY DRIVE
		CITY:			LONGWOOD
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32779
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(407) 951-8640

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 EAST LAKE BRANTLEY DRIVE
		CITY:			LONGWOOD
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32779

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IIM Global Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Silverwood Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-007936.txt : 20161102

10-K
 1
 s104047_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES  

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015 

For the transition period from             to 

Commission file number 000-54545  

ID GLOBAL SOLUTIONS CORPORATION 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Delaware  
      46-2069547   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
      Identification No.)   

160 E. Lake Brantley Drive 

 Longwood, Florida 32779 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

Registrant's telephone number, including
area code: 407-951-8640 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

 Common Stock, $.0001 par value per share 

 (Title of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act    
    Yes    x
    No  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.     
  Yes    x  
 No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    x
   Yes     
   No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    x
   Yes     
   No  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's Knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   x
   Yes     
   No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non- accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer ,  non-accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated
    filer       
      Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer       
      Smaller reporting company    x   
 
      (do not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     
    Yes    x
    No  

 The aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed
second fiscal quarter. As of June 30, 2016, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was $8,666,025.  The average bid and asked price of
such common equity, as of October 31, 2016 was $0.18. The average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last practical
business day of the registrant's most recently completed third fiscal quarter was $0.15. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the registrant's classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

  GENERAL INFORMATION  

PART I    

Item 1.  
       Business   
      1   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      7   

Item 1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      14   

Item 2.  
       Properties   
      14   

Item 3.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      14   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      14   

PART
    II     

Item 5.  
       Market for Registrant s
    Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      15   

Item 6.  
       Selected Financial Data   
      18   

Item 7.  
       Management s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      18   

Item 8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary
    Data   
      23   

Item 9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements
    with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      23   

Item 9A.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      23   

Item 9B.  
       Other Information   
      24   

PART
    III     

Item 10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers
    and Corporate Governance   
      25   

Item 11.  
       Executive Compensation   
      28   

Item 12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain
    Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      30   

Item 13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related
    Transactions, and Director Independence   
      30   

Item 14.  
       Principal Accounting Fees and
    Services   
      31   

Item 14.1.  
       Code of Ethics   
      32   

PART
    IV     

Item 15.  
       Exhibits and Financial Statement
    Schedules   
      36   

SIGNATURES   
       
      40   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Certain statements
discussed in Item 1 (Business), Item 1A (Risk Factors), Item 3 (Legal Proceedings), Item 7 (Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations), Item 7A (Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk) and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as in other materials and oral statements that
the Company releases from time to time to the public constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements concerning management s expectations,
strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated economic performance and financial condition and other similar matters involve
significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance
or achievements of results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements discussed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors are discussed in Item 1A (Risk Factors)
and Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. In addition, these statements
constitute the Company s cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It should be
understood that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the following should not be considered
to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. The words  anticipate,   estimate, 
 expect,   project,   intend,   believe,   plan,   target, 
 forecast  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of the document in which they are made. The Company disclaims any obligation or undertaking to provide
any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in the Company s expectations or any change
in events, conditions or circumstances on which the forward-looking statement is based. It is advisable, however, to consult any
further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

PART I 

    Item
1. Business  

Overview  

ID Global Solutions
Corporation, together with its subsidiaries (the  Company ,  we  or  our ), is a provider
of secure, biometric identification, identity management and electronic transaction processing services. Founded to pioneer innovative
digital identification solutions, the Company is focused on addressing the growing need for highly secure and convenient methods
for identity management during a variety of electronic transactions. The Company provides its biometric identification services
to government and public sector organizations, seeking to verify and manage identities for a variety of security purposes, including
issuing identity cards and exercise of rights such as voting in elections. With the acquisition of MultiPay S.A., or MultiPay,
the Company acquired a transaction processing platform that offers secure multifunctional payment gateway services to merchants
and financial institutions. With the development of the OnePay TM  electronic payment solution the Company believes it
will be able to combine its core technologies and use its platform to power a solution that will provide cost effective and secure
means of financial inclusion for the un-banked and under banked population around the globe. 

The Company is continuing
to develop secure biometric identity management and electronic transaction solutions for international and domestic government,
enterprise, and consumer markets. The Company s products focus on two distinct yet complementary requirements, for which
the Company believes there is significant market demand. One is the broad requirement for identity, access and transaction verification
and associated identity management needs. The other is for providing cost effective and secure methods of conversion of cash and
paper to electronic payments for the un-banked and under banked population, to enable them to participate in the digital economy
there by facilitating financial inclusion. The Company has invested in developing, patenting and acquiring both hardware and software
platforms, which are intended to address these specific market requirements. 

Management believes
that one of the advantages of the Company s platform approach is the ability to leverage the platform to support a variety
of vertical markets in both the identity management and payment processing sectors and could be easily adapted to new markets
requiring low cost, secure, and configurable solutions.  These vertical markets include but are not limited to border security,
public safety, enterprise security, payment transactions and banking. The Company s recent launch of unattended kiosks providing
electronic ticketing for public transportation in Colombia, is a further example of the innovative solutions that the Company
can offer. In addition, if the OnePay, closed loop, electronic payment service is successfully launched, the Company believes
that it can be a cost effective solution for providing the un-banked access to secure electronic payment solutions. In this way
the Company believes that the various technologies that the Company is developing and has acquired can be combined into a single
offering, which at its core can facilitate the processing of electronic transactions, be they payments, votes, or identity verification.  

The Company has solutions
for fingerprint based identity management and electronic transaction processing in the market today. However, it is still in the
process of integrating the technologies, which it has developed with those acquired via MultiPay and transactions completed in
the last year and expanding these solutions to be able to better service our target markets. In order to achieve this integration
and development, the Company needs to raise substantial additional capital. 

The Company was incorporated
in the State of Delaware on September 21, 2011, and our common stock is traded on the OTC Markets under the trading symbol  IDGS .
Our corporate headquarters is located at 160 E. Lake Brantley Drive, Longwood, Florida 32779 and our main phone number is (407)
951-8640. We maintain a website at  www.idglobal.com . The contents of our website are not incorporated into, or otherwise
to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Global Market Opportunity  

We believe that there
are several market trends that drive growth in the identity management and payment processing industries, including growing concerns
over identity theft and fraud and the increase in electronic payments, in particular solutions provided by non-bank entities. 

While an increasingly
digital world drives convenience, it also drives an increasing risk of compromised passwords, security breaches and stolen identities. 
With every online purchase, e-bill payment and download of new travel, dining and gaming  apps  to a mobile smartphone,
consumers  digital identity expands.  In 2014, the US e-commerce marketplace suffered over $4 billion in fraud affecting
card-not-present payment cards and this figure is projected to more than double by 2020. (Source: The Nilson Report).  To
combat fraud and to better confirm customers  identities, we see an increasing deployment of biometric solutions in the
marketplace. In their 2015 report, Goode Intelligence forecast that by 2020 over 1.1 billion financial services customers will
be using mobile biometrics to access and secure their accounts, and more than 16 billion mobile biometric payment transactions
will be made. 

Despite heightened
awareness of digital security from the recent FBI and Apple iPhone legal battle, access to these services and thus our identities
are still secured only through a common username/password.  In the United States, the most common and powerful  password 
to confirm identity is still the social security number, which recent hacks of Government databases have shown is very vulnerable
to being stolen.  Governments, institutions and enterprises concerned with security have therefore become concerned to find
more secure ways to verify identity and manage the identities of the persons with whom they need to interact, be they employees,
customers, authorized users or citizens. 

Electronic payments
of all forms have continued to grow at a healthy rate.  According to the World Payments Report 2015, published by CapGemini
and Royal Bank of Scotland, global non-cash transaction volumes increased by 7.6% in 2013, while in Latin America the increase
was 8.6% and in Central Europe, Middle East and Africa (CEMEA) the rate was 10.6%.  More significantly, the report highlighted
the importance of what it describes as the  hidden payments  market, namely payments undertaken by means of closed
loop cards and mobile apps, digital wallets offered by non-banks, mobile money offered by non-banks and virtual currencies. 
The authors estimate that these payment methods represented anywhere up to 10.5% of the electronic payments market in 2013 and
they expect this sector to grow. 

The key drivers for
these alternative payment methods are consumer demands for convenient and faster payment transactions, the gaps in the existing
value propositions offered by the banks mainly because of legacy systems and regulatory constraints, which can stifle innovation
and the inability of many consumers to access the banks  traditional payment services.  In a growing electronic payments
market, these alternative payment methods are therefore perceived by the industry as an important route for both innovation and
financial inclusion. 

Our Solutions and Products  

The Company to date
has invested $323,480 in patenting IP, for software and hardware development of its core technologies and in acquiring additional
technologies which are intended to provide solutions in the following areas: Identity Management include (1) handheld identification
devices and (2) biometric finger print matching algorithms and associated software applications; Payment Processing include (3)
multi-factor out of band authentication platform software and services, and (4) a multi-application electronic transaction software
platform with open and closed loop payment application capability. The Company s investment to date, only include the amounts
incurred after the Company determined that its software attained technological feasibility and was a working model which was ready
for commercialization. 

The Company s
product lines in these areas (which are in various stages of development as discussed below) comprise the following: 

Identity Management  

Front-end application software
                                         for fingerprint capture, and image processing as well as a back-end fingerprint matching
                                         software solution with its own proprietary algorithms (includes IDSearch TM 
                                         product).   

Biometric handheld device designed
                                         to be used for Government and enterprise security and identity management applications
                                         (HDR   )   

Out-of-band authentication
                                         platform, which is designed to provide the private and public sector a secure, convenient
                                         federated application for universal identity verification during electronic transactions
                                         (IDComplete TM ).   

Secure plastic and credential
                                         card products CardPlus products recently acquired).   

Payment Processing  

Multi-application payment gateway
                                         and switch that provides payment solutions for online retailers and physical merchant
                                         locations (Tranxa TM ). The gateway functionality includes support for EMV credit
                                         card acceptance, cash or credit based bill pay services and cash or credit based pre-paid
                                         top-up services for cellular operators. In addition, Tranxa has the ability to electronically
                                         transfer funds between locations of licensed network operators.                                                                                                              

Closed loop financial payment
                                         solution operating on the gateway platform, intended to offer a secure and inexpensive
                                         solution for conducting electronic payment transactions, including merchant payments
                                         and peer-to-to peer payments (OnePay TM ).   

Unattended kiosks providing
                                         electronic ticketing for transit systems (PaySpot TM ).   

The Tranxa gateway
platform operates in Colombia and also powers the Company s services to the Colombian Post Office 4/72, providing bill payment
and money transmission to its customers. The PaySpot unattended kiosk solution was recently launched for the Bogota Transit Authority.
The IDSearch solution and credentialed card products were acquired in 2016 as part of the FIN Holdings Inc., or FIN acquisition
and are being used by customers in the United States and South Africa, respectively. 

The Company is approximately
80% complete in its development of the ID Complete platform associated with secure out-of-band authentication and the development
of the OnePay closed loop financial payment solution, by expansion of the MultiPay platform. These platforms leverage the technologies
the Company acquired through its acquisitions of MultiPay S.A. in Colombia and FIN Holdings in the United States. 

In 2012, the Company
was selected to provide over 33,000 handheld Voter Verification terminals for the Presidential Elections in Ghana Africa.  This
contract was successfully delivered in December 2012 and the related warranty period completed in December 2013. The Company believes
that these hardware IP and designs can complement its software and platform solutions for government security solutions, national
ID programs and payment processing. The funding required to go from the current stage of development on our HDR platform to a
final product is estimated to be $275,000. 

Growth Strategy  

With the recent acquisitions, of MultiPay
(2015) and FIN (2016), the Company has acquired not only innovative technology, but existing products, revenues and a customer
base upon which the Company can build. We seek to extend our position and execute our business plan by continuing to penetrate
our existing markets and expand into new geographies and market segments. Our goal is to continue to deliver innovative security
and payment services to our customers that help them achieve their operational or business goals. The execution of our strategy
is subject to our obtaining sufficient additional working capital to finance the various initiatives discussed, whether through
investment or otherwise. The key components of our strategy are discussed below. 

Focus on existing customer base   

To ensure its current
products and solutions are properly positioned in the market, the Company has established dedicated sales and marketing teams
in the United States, Colombia and South Africa. These teams are focused on supporting the already existing indirect distribution
channels in their respective regions as well as to identify and secure new partners and customers. 

Cross sell to existing customers   

The Company is examining
opportunities to offer its new platform capabilities and solutions to existing customers. For example, the opportunity exists
to offer the OnePay solution to a customer that is using the MultiPay gateway for money transmission. Tokenization of transactions
is also a secure processing methodology that has numerous applications across different customer use cases. The Company believes
that by using our core technologies we will be able to create solutions that combine our identity management technology with our
payment processing capabilities, and thereby, have a more complete offering for customers that are ultimately using only one of
those services. 

Add new customers   

The Company plans
to grow its core business through focused sales and marketing of its current products and solutions, as well as its newly developed
platforms and solutions. The sales and marketing teams referenced above are also tasked with developing additional distribution
channels and seeking out new customers. 

Enter new markets   

By virtue of the recent
acquisitions the Company has already entered new markets in Colombia and South Africa. The Company believes that the solutions
that are currently, being offered and developed in those countries will be suitable to be similarly offered in other emerging
markets in the Latin American and African regions. Furthermore, the improvements to the Company s platforms and the expansion
of the sales teams are being undertaken with a view to being able to support transaction processing and customers across borders,
without the need to establish and build new facilities in each new country, thereby reducing the costs of entry into each new
market. There are no current plans to expand into new countries at this time. 

Innovation   

As the electronic
and cybersecurity industry continues to evolve, we aim to be at the forefront by developing new services and solutions that leverage
our platform and core competencies and thereby enable us to enter new markets, attract new customers and retain existing ones.
We also believe it will be critical to our growth for us to continue to enhance our platform capabilities. We believe the development
of new services and solutions will be an important revenue source in the future, and enable us to continue to differentiate our
platform and capabilities. A key offering recently launched is our unattended kiosk solution. Today we offer a low operating cost
alternative for transportation providers to accept money and provide electronic ticketing for their services. The Company believes
that our out-of-band authentication technology can be combined with unattended kiosks to offer similar low operating cost solutions
for account enrollment in a variety of business verticals, without the need for physical presence. The Company believes that by
using our core technologies we will be able to create solutions that address some of today s major global market challenges
and opportunities surrounding identity management and by combining them with our payment processing capabilities, to facilitate
financial inclusion for the un-banked. 

Select Acquisitions   

As we have done in
the past, we intend to selectively pursue acquisitions that will help us achieve our strategic goals, enhance our technology and
capabilities and accelerate growth. We believe pursuing these types of acquisitions will increase our ability to work with existing
customers, add new customers, enter new markets, develop new services and enhance our processing platform capabilities. However,
we have no commitments with respect to any such acquisitions at this time. 

Strategic Partners and Suppliers  

The Company believes
that strategic partnerships will be a major component of the Company s operating strategy and path to success.  The
Company intends to work with several strategic partners in important areas of its business and operations.  Currently, the
Company has several strategic partners (noted below) and plans to foster additional such relationships. 

A key supplier of
the Company is Flextronics, an outsourced contract hardware manufacturer, that manufactured the HDR devices.  Flextronics
provided a turnkey managed solution, including full maintenance. Pursuant to the Company s relationship with Flextronics,
the Company expects it will be able to obtain assembly and manufacturing of parts and products via Flextronics  manufacturing
capabilities. 

In 2014, the Company
established a business relationship with a Kiosk manufacturer, Slabb Inc., for the production of a Multi-modal Biometric Enrolment
and Verification Kiosks as well as for un-attended Transit Ticketing Kiosks.  No formal agreement is in place, beyond a standard
Non-Disclosure Agreement and the Company can utilize these services on an as needed basis.   The Company purchased the
first final production Multi-Modal Biometric Kiosk from this manufacturer in May 2014 and has received delivery of the unit in
June 2014. In addition, the Company has purchased 80 un-attended Transit Ticketing kiosks from this manufacturer in September
2015 and received full delivery of all units in December 2015. 

The Company may from
time to time make investments by way of a minority equity stake in businesses, which we consider will be complementary to the
Company s activities, with a view to expanding the market for the Company s products and services and creating additional
opportunities for cross-selling, or in businesses which have complementary technologies. 

Sales and Distribution Agreements  

The Company has established
business relationships with sales agents, distribution partners and others to promote and sell the Company s products.  The
Company has sales and distribution agreements with companies in Colombia, Costa Rica, Mexico, South Africa and the United States. 

Marketing and Sales  

The Company has conducted
limited advertising and marketing to date.  The Company has, however, given substantial attention to constructing the marketing
strategy and plans that it will use in order to grow its business and expand its customers.  The Company anticipates that
it will eventually need a significant budget for marketing activities.  The primary focus of marketing campaigns will be
designed to help the Company find new customers and to increase awareness of the Company s products and platform. 

The Company expects
that its sales team will work closely with the marketing team to convert prospects into new customers. The sales team will be
structured to align with target markets based on territory. 

Revenue Model  

Identity Solutions and Products  

The biometric fingerprint
solutions are priced based on an annual licensing model which is driven by the number of enrollees in the system. The Company
expects to provide its new platform service for out-of-band authentication based on a subscription model, based on tiered fees
per enrolled user, card or device. The Company s HDR Intelligent Accessory products and the CardPlus plastic and credentials
card products will be sold at a per unit price which will vary based on the configuration of the features and functionality of
the product. The biometric fingerprint solutions product has been commercialized and has generated revenues in 2015. The
HDR technology products are in the client evaluation / commercialization phase and did not produce revenues in 2015. CardPlus
did not produce revenues until 2016, in conjunction with the FIN acquisition described below. 

Payment Processing Solutions and Products  

The electronic payment
gateway services are volume priced on a per transaction basis. The pricing for the Company s new closed loop financial payment
platform is expected to be based on a combination of transaction fee and percent of transaction value model. MultiPay currently
uses this technology and, as a result, was able to generate revenue during 2015. 

Competition  

The identification
management and payment processing industries are characterized by rapid change and new entrants.  The Company will need to
consistently develop and improve products in order to remain competitive in the technology industry. 

Several competitors
exist for the Company s current and planned products and platform services relating to identification management including
MorphoTrak, Gemalto, SuperCom, SecureKey, Authy and other new entrants into the market. Each competitor has a unique and different
offering or approach to solve similar problems, which overlap with those of the Company. Some provide out-of-band authentication;
most only provide in-band authentication. We do not believe that there is any competitor which can offer both systems, in the
manner that the Company intends. Some competitors are manufacturers who provide systems or platform solutions to third party operators
and, therefore, do not directly compete with the Company, which operates its own systems. These system or platform solutions do
allow the Company s competitors to offer other products. 

The payment processing
industry has a large number of competitors who provide gateway services, end-to-end, payment processing, peer-to-peer payments
and bill payments. In Colombia we compete against those technology companies, as well as acquiring banks and payment processors
offering payment solutions to online and brick and mortar merchants. 

While the Company
will take steps to protect and maintain its intellectual property and competitive designs, there is no guarantee that such intellectual
property protection and competitive designs can safeguard against the rapid technological changes and innovation that characterize
the industries in which we operate. 

In addition, it is
possible that other technology companies could develop competing technology and products.  Many of our competitors are much
larger organizations that typically have larger sales, marketing and R D budgets, more financial, technical customer support
and other resources, greater brand recognition and the ability to hire talented personnel to more quickly develop and commercialize
new products.  There are no assurances the Company will ever be able to compete in its target markets. 

Acquisitions  

On April 6, 2015,
the Company closed on a Share Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with all of the shareholders (the  MultiPay
Shareholders ) of MultiPay S.A., a Colombian corporation ( MultiPay ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to
acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of MultiPay (the  MultiPay Shares ) from the MultiPay Shareholders
on a fully diluted basis. In consideration for the MultiPay Shares, the Company will issue and sell to the MultiPay Shareholders
an aggregate of 7,600,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The Company has issued approximately 6,100,000 shares of common
stock to the MultiPay Shareholders upon closing of the transaction. Upon the MultiPay Shareholders paying certain liabilities
in the approximate amount of US $370,000, the Company is required to deliver the balance of approximately 1,500,000 shares of
common stock to the MultiPay Shareholders. In the event the MultiPay Shareholders do not pay the required amount by November 2016
(the extended due date), the Company will not be required to deliver the remaining shares of common stock. To date approximately
$47,800 has been paid and a six month extension of the 1,500,000 share claw back been granted. Multipay, through the use of its
own proprietary software platforms, is engaged in providing an array of value added payment gateway services as well as complimentary
mobile wallet applications and services to various customers in Colombia and Peru. MultiPay was established in December of 2008
and has 14 full time employees based in Bogota, Colombia. 

On February10, 2016,
the Company closed on the acquisition of FIN Holdings Inc. ( FIN ), a related party via common management and partial
common ownership, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, ID Solutions Inc., a Delaware Corporation specializing in field proven, cutting-edge
biometric fingerprint software technology and algorithms, as well as Cards Plus Pty Ltd, a South African company which provides
unique secure credential products and solutions to government customers in Africa. The purchase price of $9,000,000, which was
paid in the form of common stock of the Company, will result in the issuing 22,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock
to the FIN shareholders. The acquisition enhances the Company s current Transaction Security and Financial Inclusion platforms
with highly accurate, fully integrated biometric fingerprint verification and backend matching capabilities. Recently tested by
the U.S. Government National Institute of Standards, ID Solutions' proprietary fingerprint technology performed in certain cases
ahead of other leading fingerprint biometric companies from around the world. This biometric technology has also been successfully
deployed by the U.S. government as a back office AFIS solution that is used to ensure the identity of transportation workers throughout
the country, as well as in U.S. commercial markets and by other governments worldwide in order to verify identity and secure physical
and digital access. With the addition of the CardsPlus portfolio of physical cards and card personalization solutions, the Company
can now provide government and commercial customers with a complete solution for their identity programs and financial payment
systems. 

Intellectual Property  

The Company licenses
certain technology for use in its products and business.  A key arrangement is the license of materials from Apple, Inc.
 The license, executed in October 2009, provides the Company with the ability to use certain Apple, Inc. materials in the
Company s own products. 

The Company also holds
numerous patents and intellectual property as a result of an assignment of the same to the Company in November 2012 by Thomas
Szoke, Daniel Fozzati and Andras Vago. Each of these individual assignors now beneficially own shares of common stock in the Company
(as a result of the IIM Acquisition, since these individuals were formerly shareholders of Innovation in Motion). The Company
has capitalized $1,627,555 of Intellectual Property, the breakdown of which can be seen in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements. 

The following is a summary
of the patents and patent applications as well as the trademarks that the Company has filed throughout the world: 

HDR
                                         Design US Patent#: D649548 (also obtained in Europe, Japan, China, Switzerland, Mexico,
                                         Brazil, Singapore, Argentina, Colombia, and Venezuela)    

SRIO
                                           HDR Trademark filed in United States, Europe, Switzerland, Brazil, Mexico, Colombia,
                                         Singapore, and Australia    

IDCOMPLETE
                                         Trademark filed in United States    

METHOD
                                         AND SYSTEM FOR TRANSACTION AUTHORIZATION BASED ON A PARALLEL AUTONOMOUS CHANNEL MULTI-USER,
                                         MULTI-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION U.S. Utility Patent (applied in the United States)    

The HDR PCT Filing
is a utility patent that focuses on the creation of an  Intelligent Configurable Accessory  and how this accessory
can be utilized with a Bluetooth wireless connection and still provide not only data security but maintain an overall network
security by ensuring the accessory is seen as a trusted element in the network. 

The SRIO PCT Filing
is a utility patent that provides for the creation of an  Intelligent Accessory  utilized in NFC payment systems both
open and closed architecture.  The patent provides the means to create a secure environment, which can not only house the
sensitive credit card information of the user but also allow its NFC chipset to emulate any of the cards stored on it for a transaction.
 Today all NFC devices have single credit card information hard coded into its chipset and are recharged from users cards
that are stored on cloud-based platforms. 

The HDR Design Patent
protects the shape and ergonomics of the HDR product.  The size and shape of the HDR product is distinctive for being able
to house 7 machine-readable technologies in a single integrated unit the size of a smartphone. 

The METHOD AND SYSTEM
FOR TRANSACTION AUTHORIZATION BASED ON A PARALLEL AUTONOMOUS CHANNEL MULTI-USER, MULTI-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION Filing is a utility
patent that provides for the creation of a secure method of authorizing a transaction by having a unique identifier routed through
the transaction processing system triggering autonomous independent channel (out-of-band) multi-factor multi-user identity verification(s);
whereas; the transaction authorization may consist of one or more sub-authorizations (multi-user) in order for the full transaction
authorization to be completed. 

Governmental Regulations  

The Company does not
need or require any approval from government authorities or agencies in order to operate its regular business and operations.
 However, it is possible that any proposed expansion to the Company s business and operations in the future would require
government approvals. 

Due to the security
applications and biometric technology associated with the Company s products and platforms, the activities and operations
of the Company could become subject to license restrictions and other regulations, such as (without limitation) export controls
and other security regulation by government agencies. Expansion of the Company s activities in payment processing may in
due course require government licensing in different jurisdictions and may subject it to additional regulation and oversight. 

Employees and Organization  

The Company presently
has a total of 72 employees and two consultants that are located in three countries: South Africa, Colombia, and the United States.
Employees in the U.S. do not receive benefits at this time; however, employees in Colombia and South Africa are provided the respective
Government required benefits.  The Company may offer additional fringe and welfare benefits in the future as the Company s
profits grow and/or the Company secures additional outside financing. 

Subsidiaries  

Currently, the Company
has two U.S. subsidiaries: Innovation in Motion Inc., and ID Solutions Inc., which was acquired in 2016.  The Company has
three subsidiaries in Colombia: MultiPay S.A.S., IDGS LATAM S.A.S., and IDGS S.A.S.. The Company has one subsidiary in South Africa:
CardsPlus Pty Ltd. The Company is the sole shareholder of all of its subsidiaries. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

We have a history of losses and we
may not be able to achieve profitability going forward.  

We have incurred net
losses amounting to approximately $36.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 and approximately $0.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2014.  In addition, as of December 31, 2015, we had a working capital deficiency of approximately
$26 million.  We have had net losses in each quarter since our inception. We expect that we will continue to incur net
losses for the foreseeable future. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including the other
risks described in this report, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown
events. Accordingly, we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Our management is developing plans to alleviate
the negative trends and conditions described above, however there is no guarantee that such plans will be successfully implemented.  Our
ability to curtail our net loss or generate a profit has been further exacerbated by the fact that our business plan is still
unproven.  There is no assurance that even if we successfully implement our business plan, that we will be able to curtail
our losses.  If we incur additional significant operating losses, our stock price may decline, perhaps significantly. 

We have yet to achieve positive cash
flow and, given our projected funding needs, our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain.  

We have had negative
cash flow from operating activities of approximately $2.5 million and approximately $.4 million for the years ended December 31,
2015 and 2014 respectively. We anticipate that we will continue to have negative cash flows from operating and investing activities
for the foreseeable future as we expect to incur increased research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative
expenses. Our business also will at times require significant amounts of working capital to support our growth, particularly as
we seek to introduce our new offered products. An inability to generate positive cash flow for the foreseeable future may adversely
affect our ability to raise needed capital for our business on reasonable terms, if at all, diminish supplier or customer willingness
to enter into transactions with us, and have other adverse effects that may decrease our long-term viability. There can be no
assurance we will achieve positive cash flow in the foreseeable future. 

We need access to
additional financing, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we cannot access additional financing
when we need it and on acceptable terms, our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and ability to continue
as a going concern will be adversely affected. 

Our growth-oriented
business plan to deliver innovative security and payment services to our customers will require continued capital investment.
Our research and development activities will require continued investment. In order to implement our operations through December
31, 2016 we will need to raise approximately $10 million. This capital will be necessary to fund our ongoing operations, further
enhance our platform and further develop our sales force. We cannot be certain that additional financing will be available to
us on favorable terms when required, or at all, particularly given that we do not now have a committed credit facility. If we
cannot obtain additional financing when we need it and on terms acceptable to us, our business, prospects, financial condition,
operating results and ability to continue as a going concern could be adversely affected. If we are successful in obtaining such
additional financing, the existing stockholders could suffer dilution of their stockholdings in the Company as a result of equity
and warrants or other instruments convertible into equity that may need to be issued to investors in such financing. 

Our limited operating history makes
it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance . 

We have been a development
stage company since beginning operations.  We have a limited operating history and have generated limited revenue.  As
we look to further expand our existing products it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon
our historical data.  Because of the uncertainties related to our lack of historical operations, we may be hindered
in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues or expenses.  If we make poor budgetary
decisions as a result of unreliable historical data, we could be less profitable or incur losses, which may result in a decline
in our stock price. 

There can be no assurance that we will
successfully commercialize our identity management or payment processing products that are in development or that our existing
products will sustain market acceptance.  

There is no assurance
that we will ever successfully commercialize our products or that we will experience increased market reception. Although our
acquisitions have generated revenue, there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully implement our new products utilizing
the acquired technology, products, and customer base. There is no assurance that our existing products or solutions will continue
to meet with market acceptance or that our new products or solutions will meet with market acceptance.  Further, there can
be no guarantee that we will not lose business to our existing or potential new competitors. 

We depend upon key personnel and need additional
personnel.  

Our success depends on
the continuing services of Thomas Szoke, CEO, and Douglas Solomon, COO. In February 2014, we entered into employment agreements
with Mr. Szoke and Mr. Solomon for a term of three years.  The loss of either of these individuals could have a material
and adverse effect on our business operations.  Additionally, the success of our operations will largely depend upon
our ability to successfully attract and maintain competent and qualified key management personnel.  As with any company
with limited resources, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to attract such individuals or that the presence of such
individuals will necessarily translate into profitability for our company.  If we are successful in attracting and retaining
such individuals, it is likely that our payroll costs and related expenses will increase significantly and that there may be additional
dilution to stockholders as a result of equity incentives that may need to be issued to such management personnel. Our inability
to attract and retain key personnel may materially and adversely affect our business operations. Any failure by our management
to effectively anticipate, implement, and manage the changes required to sustain our growth would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  

Acquisitions present many risks that could
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.  

On August 12, 2013, we
acquired Innovation in Motion Inc., a Florida corporation in a stock-for-stock transaction. On April 6, 2015, we closed on a Share
Purchase Agreement with all of the shareholders of MultiPay S.A., a Colombian corporation, pursuant to which we acquired 100%
of the issued and outstanding shares of MultiPay. On February 8, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of FIN Holdings Inc. , a related
party via common management and partial common ownership, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, ID Solutions Inc. and Cards Plus
Pty Ltd. We may also pursue select acquisitions in the future. The success of our future growth strategy will depend on our ability
to integrate our existing operations together with the operations of our acquisitions that we have closed to date as well as any
future acquisition of which none are planned at this date. Integrating the operations of our existing operations with our past
or future acquisitions, including anticipated cost savings and additional revenue opportunities, involves a number of challenges.
The failure to meet these integration challenges could seriously harm our results of operations and the market price of our shares
may decline as a result. Realizing the benefits of our past or future acquisition will depend in part on the integration of intellectual
property, products, operations, personnel and sales force and the completion of assignments of current and past contracts and
rights. These integration activities are complex and time - consuming, and we may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur
unexpected costs. We may not successfully integrate the operations of our existing operations, and may not realize the anticipated
net reductions in costs and expenses and other benefits and synergies of the acquisition to the extent, or in the timeframe, anticipated.
In addition to the integration risks, we could face numerous other risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 

diversion of our management s
                                         attention from normal daily operations of our business;   

our inability to maintain the
                                         key business relationships and the reputations of the businesses we acquire;   

increased costs related to acquired
                                         operations and continuing support and development of acquired products;   

our responsibility for the liabilities
                                         of the businesses we acquire;   

changes in how we are required
                                         to account for our acquisitions under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles;   

our inability to apply and maintain
                                         our internal standards, controls, procedures and policies to acquired businesses; and   

potential loss of key employees
                                         of the companies we acquire.   

The occurrence of any
of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows,
particularly in the case of a larger acquisition or concurrent acquisitions. 

The market for our products is characterized
by changing technology, requirements, standards and products, and we may be adversely affected if we do not respond promptly and
effectively to these changes.  

The market for our payment
processing and identity management products is characterized by evolving technologies, changing industry standards, changing regulatory
environments, frequent new product introductions and rapid changes in customer requirements. The introduction of products embodying
new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards and practices can render existing products obsolete and unmarketable.
Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce, on a timely and cost-effective
basis, new products and product features that keep pace with technological developments and emerging industry standards and address
the increasingly sophisticated needs of our customers. In the future: 

we
                                         may not be successful in developing and marketing new products or product features that
                                         respond to technological change or evolving industry standards;    

we
                                         may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction
                                         and marketing of these new products and features; or    

our
                                         new products and product features may not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace
                                         and achieve market acceptance.    

If we are unable to respond
promptly and effectively to changing technologies and market requirements, we will be unable to compete effectively in the future. 

There can be no assurance
that we will successfully identify new product opportunities and develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner,
or that the products and technologies developed by others will not render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive.
The failure of our new product development efforts could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and future growth. 

If our technology and solutions cease to
be adopted and used by government and public and private organizations, we may lose some of our existing customers and our operations
will be negatively affected.  

Our ability to grow depends
significantly on whether governmental and public and private organizations adopt our technology and solutions as part of their
new standards and whether we will be able to leverage our expertise in governmental solutions into commercial solutions. If these
organizations do not adopt our technology, we may not be able to penetrate some of the new markets we are targeting, or we may
lose some of our existing customer base. 

In order for us to achieve
our growth objectives, our identity management technologies and solutions must be adapted to and adopted in a variety of areas
including, among others, biometric fingerprint matching and identity card issuance and verification. Further, our payment processing
technologies and solutions will need to be adopted by financial institutions, merchants and consumers. 

We cannot accurately predict
the future growth rate, if any, or the ultimate size of these markets. The growth of the market for our products and services
depends on a number of factors such as the cost, performance and reliability of our products and services compared to the products
and services of our competitors, customer perception of the benefits of our products and solutions, public perception of the intrusiveness
of these solutions and the manner in which organizations use the information collected, customer satisfaction with our products
and services and marketing efforts and publicity for our products and services. Even if our products and solutions gain wide market
acceptance, our products and services may not adequately address market requirements and may not gain wide market acceptance.
If our solutions or our products and services do not gain wide market acceptance, our business and our financial results will
suffer. 

We have sought in the past and will seek
in the future to enter into contracts with governments, as well as state and local governmental agencies and municipalities, which
subjects us to certain risks associated with such types of contracts.  

Most contracts with governments
or with state or local agencies or municipalities, or Governmental Contracts, are awarded through a competitive bidding process,
and some of the business that we expect to seek in the future will likely be subject to a competitive bidding process. Competitive
bidding presents a number of risks, including: 

the
                                         frequent need to compete against companies or teams of companies with more financial
                                         and marketing resources and more experience than we have in bidding on and performing
                                         major contracts;    

the
                                         need to compete against companies or teams of companies that may be long-term, entrenched
                                         incumbents for a particular contract we are competing for and which have, as a result,
                                         greater domain expertise and established customer relations;    

the
                                         need to compete against companies or teams of companies that may be long-term, entrenched
                                         incumbents for a particular contract we are competing for and which have, as a result,
                                         greater domain expertise and established customer relations;    

the
                                         substantial cost and managerial time and effort necessary to prepare bids and proposals
                                         for contracts that may not be awarded to us;    

the
                                         need to accurately estimate the resources and cost structure that will be required to
                                         service any fixed-price contract that we are awarded; and    

the
                                         expense and delay that may arise if our competitors protest or challenge new contract
                                         awards made to us pursuant to competitive bidding or subsequent contract modifications,
                                         and the risk that any of these protests or challenges could result in the resubmission
                                         of bids on modified specifications, or in termination, reduction or modification of the
                                         awarded contract.    

We may not be afforded
the opportunity in the future to bid on contracts that are held by other companies and are scheduled to expire, if the governments,
or the applicable state or local agency or municipality determines to extend the existing contract. If we are unable to win particular
contracts that are awarded through the competitive bidding process, we may not be able to operate in the market for the products
and services that are provided under those contracts for a number of years. If we are unable to win new contract awards or retain
those contracts, if any, that we are awarded over any extended period, our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations will be adversely affected. 

In addition, Governmental
Contracts subject us to risks associated with public budgetary restrictions and uncertainties, actual contracts that are less
than awarded contract amounts, and cancellation at any time at the option of the governmental agency. Any failure to comply with
the terms of any Governmental Contracts could result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, as well as suspension
from future contracts for a significant period of time, any of which could adversely affect our business by requiring us to pay
significant fines and penalties or prevent us from earning revenues from Governmental Contracts during the suspension period.
Cancellation of any one of our major Governmental Contracts could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Governments may be in
a position to obtain greater rights with respect to our intellectual property than we would grant to other entities. Governmental
agencies also have the power, based on financial difficulties or investigations of their contractors, to deem contractors unsuitable
for new contract awards. Because we will engage in the government contracting business, we will be subject to audits, and may
be subject to investigation, by governmental entities. Failure to comply with the terms of any Governmental Contract could result
in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, as well as suspension from future contracts for a significant period of
time, any of which could adversely affect our business by requiring us to pay the fines and penalties and prohibiting us from
earning revenues from Governmental Contracts during the suspension period. 

Furthermore, governmental
programs can experience delays or cancellation of funding, which can be unpredictable; this may make it difficult to forecast
our revenues on a quarter-by-quarter basis. 

Our efforts to expand our international
operations are subject to a number of risks, any of which could adversely reduce our future international sales and increase our
losses .   

Most of our revenues to
date are attributable to sales and business operations in jurisdictions other than the United States. Our international operations
could be subject to a number of risks, any of which could adversely affect our future international sales and operating results,
including: 

increased
                                         collection risks;    

trade
                                         restrictions;    

export
                                         duties and tariffs;    

uncertain
                                         political, regulatory and economic developments;    

inability
                                         to protect our intellectual property rights;    

highly
                                         aggressive competitors;    

currency
                                         issues, including currency exchange risk;    

difficulties
                                         in staffing, managing and supporting foreign operations;    

longer
                                         payment cycles; and    

difficulties
                                         in collecting accounts receivable.    

Negative developments
in any of these areas in one or more countries could result in a reduction in demand for our products, the cancellation or delay
of orders already placed, difficulty in collecting receivables, and a higher cost of doing business, any of which could adversely
affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We are exposed to risks in operating in
foreign markets, which may make operating in those markets difficult and thereby force us to curtail our business operations.  

In conducting our business
in foreign countries, we are subject to political, economic, legal, operational and other risks that are inherent in operating
in other countries. Risks inherent to operating in other countries range from difficulties in settling transactions in emerging
markets to possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls and other restrictive governmental actions. We also face the
risk that exchange controls or similar restrictions imposed by foreign governmental authorities may restrict our ability to convert
local currency received or held by us in their countries into U.S. dollars or other currencies, or to take those dollars or other
currencies out of those countries. 

Additionally, we are subject
to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, and other laws in the United States and elsewhere that prohibit improper
payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or
retaining business. We have operations in and deal with governments and officials in foreign countries. Our activities in these
countries create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees, contractors or customers that
could be in violation of various laws, including the FCPA, even though these parties are not always subject to our control. We
have implemented safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees, consultants and customers. However, our existing safeguards
and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and our employees, contractors or customers may engage in conduct
for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or similar laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions
and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Breaches of network or information technology
security, natural disasters or terrorist attacks could have an adverse effect on our business.  

Cyber-attacks or other
breaches of network or information technology (IT) security, natural disasters, terrorist acts or acts of war may cause equipment
failures or disrupt our systems and operations. We may be subject to attempts to breach the security of our networks and IT infrastructure
through cyber-attack, malware, computer viruses and other means of unauthorized access. While we maintain insurance coverage for
some of these events, the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain.
A failure to protect the privacy of customer and employee confidential data against breaches of network or IT security could result
in damage to our reputation. To date, we have not been subject to cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents which, individually or
in the aggregate, resulted in a material impact to our operations or financial condition. 

For us to further penetrate
the marketplace, the marketplace must be confident that we provide effective security protection for national and other secured
identification documents and cards. Although we have not experienced any act of sabotage or unauthorized access by a third party
of our software or technology to date, if an actual or perceived breach of security occurs in our internal systems or those of
our customers, regardless of whether we caused the breach, it could adversely affect the market s perception of our products
and services. This could cause us to lose customers, resellers, alliance partners or other business partners, thereby causing
our revenues to decline. If we or our customers were to experience a breach of our internal systems, our business could be severely
harmed by adversely affecting the market s perception of our products and services. 

Interruptions or delays in service from our systems could impair
the delivery of our services and harm our business.  

We depend on the efficient
and uninterrupted operation of our computer network systems, software, telecommunications networks, and processing centers, as
well as the systems and services of third parties, in order to provide services to our customers. Our systems and data centers
are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among other things, fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure,
terrorist acts, war, unauthorized entry, human error, and computer viruses or other defects. They may also be subject to break-ins,
sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct. We have security, backup and recovery systems in place, as well
as business continuity plans designed to ensure our systems will not be inoperable. However, there is still a risk that a system
outage or data loss may occur which would not only damage our reputation but could also require the payment of penalties or damages
to our clients if our systems do not meet certain operating standards. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence
of a natural disaster or an act of sabotage or terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other
unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Our property and business interruption
insurance may not be applicable or adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur. 

Any damage to, failure
of, or defects in our systems or those of third parties, errors or delays in the processing of payment or other transactions,
telecommunications failures or other difficulties could result in loss of revenue, loss of customers, loss of customer and consumer
data, harm to our business or reputation, exposure to fraud losses or other liabilities, negative publicity, additional operating
and development costs, and diversion of technical and other resources. 

Third parties could obtain access to our proprietary information
or could independently develop similar technologies.  

Despite the precautions
we take, third parties may copy or obtain and use our technologies, ideas, know-how and other proprietary information without
authorization or may independently develop technologies similar or superior to our technologies. In addition, the confidentiality
and non-competition agreements between us and most of our employees, distributors and clients may not provide meaningful protection
of our proprietary technologies or other intellectual property in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. If we are not able
to successfully defend our industrial or intellectual property rights, we may lose rights to technologies that we need to develop
our business, which may cause us to lose potential revenues, or we may be required to pay significant license fees for the use
of such technologies. To date, we have relied primarily on a combination of patents, trade secret and copyright laws, as well
as nondisclosure and other contractual restrictions on copying, reverse engineering and distribution to protect our proprietary
technology. 

Our current patents and
any patents that we may register in the future may provide only limited protection for our technology and may not be sufficient
to provide competitive advantages to us. For example, competitors could be successful in challenging any issued patents or, alternatively,
could develop similar or more advantageous technologies on their own or design around our patents. Any inability to protect intellectual
property rights in our technology could enable third parties to compete more effectively with us. 

In addition, the laws
of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United
States. Our means of protecting our intellectual property rights in the United States or any other country in which we operate
may not be adequate to fully protect our intellectual property rights. 

Third parties may assert that we are infringing
their intellectual property rights; IP litigation could require us to incur substantial costs even when our efforts are successful.  

We may face intellectual
property litigation, which could be costly, harm our reputation, limit our ability to sell our products, force us to modify our
products or obtain appropriate licenses, and divert the attention of management and technical personnel. Our products employ technology
that may infringe on the proprietary rights of others, and, as a result, we could become liable for significant damages and suffer
other harm to our business. 

We have not been subject
to material intellectual property litigation to date. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce any patents we have
or may obtain and/or any other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope
of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity, and we may not prevail in any
such future litigation. Litigation, whether or not determined in our favor or settled, could be costly, could harm our reputation
and could divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel from normal business operations. In addition,
adverse determinations in litigation could result in the loss of our proprietary rights, subject us to significant liabilities,
require us to seek licenses from third parties, prevent us from licensing our technology or selling or manufacturing our products,
or require us to expend significant resources to modify our products or attempt to develop non-infringing technology, any of which
could seriously harm our business. 

Our products may contain
technology provided to us by third parties. Because we did not develop such technology ourselves, we may have little or no ability
to determine in advance whether such technology infringes the intellectual property rights of any other party. Our suppliers and
licensors may not be required to indemnify us in the event that a claim of infringement is asserted against us, or they may be
required to indemnify us only with respect to intellectual property infringement claims in certain jurisdictions, and/or only
up to a maximum amount, above which we would be responsible for any further costs or damages. In addition, we have indemnification
obligations to certain parties with respect to any infringement of third-party patents and intellectual property rights by our
products. If litigation were to be filed against these parties in connection with our technology, we would be required to defend
and indemnify such parties. 

Our officers and directors beneficially
own a majority of our common stock and, as a result, can exercise control over stockholder and corporate actions.  

Our officers and directors
of the Company currently beneficially own more than a majority of our outstanding common stock.  As such, they control most
matters requiring approval by stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions.
 This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control, which in turn could
have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Company s common stock or prevent stockholders from realizing
a premium over the market price for their Shares. 

We face competition. A few of our competitors
have greater financial or other resources, longer operating histories and greater name recognition than we do and one or more
of these competitors could use their greater resources and/or name recognition to gain market share at our expense or could make
it very difficult for us to establish market share.  

The identification management
and payment processing industries are characterized by rapid change and new entrants.  We will need to consistently develop
and improve products in order to remain competitive in the technology industry. Several competitors exist for the Company s
current and planned products and platform services relating to identification management including MorphoTrak, Gemalto, SuperCom,
SecureKey, Authy and other new entrants into the market. Each competitor has a unique and different offering or approach to solve
similar problems, which overlap with those of the Company. Some provide out-of-band authentication, most only provide in-band
authentication. We do not believe that there is any competitor which can offer both systems, in the manner that we intend. Some
competitors are manufacturers who provide systems or platform solutions to third party operators and therefore do not directly
compete with our company which operates its own systems but do power our competitors. 

The payment processing
industry has a large number of competitors who provide gateway services, end-to-end, payment processing, peer-to-peer payments
and bill payments. In Colombia, we compete against those technology companies, as well as acquiring banks and payment processors
offering payment solutions to online and brick and mortar merchants.  While we will take steps to protect and maintain its
intellectual property and competitive designs, there is no guarantee that such intellectual property protection and competitive
designs can safeguard against the rapid technological changes and innovation that characterize the industries in which we operate.
In addition, it is possible that other technology companies could develop competing technology and products.   

The resources available
to our competitors to develop new products and introduce them into the marketplace exceed the resources currently available to
us. As a result, our competitors may be able to compete more aggressively and sustain that competition over a longer period of
time that we can. This intense competitive environment may require us to make changes in our products, pricing, licensing, services,
distribution, or marketing to develop a market position. Each of these competitors has the potential to capture market share in
our target markets which could have an adverse effect on our position in our industry and on our business and operating results. 

Government regulation could negatively
impact the business.  

We do not need or require
any approval from government authorities or agencies in order to operate our regular business and operations.  However, it
is possible that any proposed expansion to our business and operations in the future would require government approvals. Due to
the security applications and biometric technology associated with our products and platforms the activities and operations of
our company could become subject to license restrictions and other regulations, such as (without limitation) export controls and
other security regulation by government agencies. Expansion of our activities in payment processing may in due course require
government licensing in different jurisdictions and may subject it to additional regulation and oversight. If our proposed products
become subject to these license and export control regulations, we may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing
and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. In that event, our operations could be adversely
affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry. 

There is limited liquidity on the OTC,
which may result in stock price volatility and inaccurate quote information.  

We recently received the
symbol of IDGS and trade on the OTC, which has limited volume. When fewer shares of a security are being traded on the OTC, volatility
of prices may increase and price movement may outpace the ability to deliver accurate quote information. Due to lower trading
volumes in shares of our common stock, there may be a lower likelihood of one s orders for shares of our common stock being
executed, and current prices may differ significantly from the price one was quoted at the time of one s order entry. 

Our common stock is thinly traded, so you
may be unable to sell at or near asking prices or at all if you need to sell your shares to raise money or otherwise desire to
liquidate your shares.  

Currently, our common
stock is quoted on the OTC and future trading volume may be limited by the fact that many major institutional investment funds,
including mutual funds, as well as individual investors follow a policy of not investing in OTC stocks and certain major brokerage
firms restrict their brokers from recommending OTC stocks because they are considered speculative, volatile and thinly traded.
The OTC market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges and our common stock is subject to abuses,
volatility and shorting. Thus, there is currently no broadly followed and established trading market for our common stock. An
established trading market may never develop or, if developed, be maintained. Active trading markets generally result in lower
price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces the liquidity
of the shares traded there. 

Our stock may be considered a penny stock
and any investment in our stock will be considered a high-risk investment and subject to restrictions on marketability.  

The trading price of our
common stock is below $5.00 per share.  If the price of the common stock is below such level, trading in our common stock
would be subject to the requirements of certain rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  These
rules require additional disclosure by broker-dealers in connection with any trades generally involving any non-NASDAQ equity
security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.  Such rules require the delivery,
before any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith,
and impose various sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers
and accredited investors (generally institutions).  For these types of transactions, the broker-dealer must determine the
suitability of the penny stock for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written consent to the transactions before
sale.  The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting
transactions in our common stock, which could impact the liquidity of our common stock. 

We have not voluntary implemented various
corporate governance measures, in the absence of which, shareholders may have more limited protections against interested director
transactions, conflict of interest and similar matters.  

Recent Federal legislation,
including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote
the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to
legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such
as the NYSE or the NASDAQ, on which their securities are listed. Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of
Sarbanes Oxley measures in formulating their investment decisions. 

We may be exposed to potential risks relating
to our internal controls over financial reporting and our ability to have those controls attested to by our independent auditors.  

As directed by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( SOX 404 ), the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules requiring smaller
reporting companies, such as our company, to include a report of management on the Company's internal controls over financial
reporting in their annual reports for fiscal years ending on or after December 15, 2007. We were required to include the management
report in annual reports starting with the year ending December 31, 2009. Previous SEC rules required a non-accelerated filer
to include an attestation report in its annual report for years ending on or after June 15, 2010. Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank
Act added SOX Section 404(c) to exempt from the attestation requirement smaller issuers that are neither accelerated filers nor
large accelerated filers under Rule 12b-2. Under Rule 12b-2, subject to periodic and annual reporting criteria, an  accelerated
filer  is an issuer with market value of $75 million, but less than $700 million; a  large accelerated filer 
is an issuer with market value of $700 million or greater. As a result, the exemption effectively applies to companies with less
than $75 million in market capitalization.  

We are not current in our filings under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as a result, the Rule 144 resale exemption is not available for shareholders that wish
to resell their securities utilizing this exemption.    

On April 6, 2015, we closed on a Share Purchase
Agreement with all of the shareholders of MultiPay S.A., a Colombian corporation ( Multipay ), pursuant to which we
acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of MultiPay. On February 8, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of FIN Holdings
Inc. ( FIN ), a related party via common management and partial common ownership, and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
ID Solutions Inc. and Cards Plus Pty Ltd.  We filed Form 8-K Current Reports disclosing each acquisition and we are required
to file an amended Form 8-K providing the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 for Multipay and  for
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 for FIN within 75 days of such acquisition.  We have missed the deadlines for
filing the amendments to the Form 8-K containing  the required financial statements for each acquisition.  In addition,
we have not filed our Form 10-Q Quarterly Reports for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016.    

As we were in the past categorized as a   shell
company   pursuant to Rule 144, re-sales of our securities pursuant to Rule 144 may not be made unless the company
is current on all of its periodic reports required to be filed with the SEC during the 12 months before the date of the shareholder s
resale.  As a result of the aforementioned deficient filings, we are not current in our filings under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 144 is not available at this time for shareholders to re-sell their securities utilizing Rule
144.  

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  

None. 

Item 2. Properties  

The Company s headquarters
are located in Longwood, Florida. The location consists of over 3,500 square feet.  The facility is fully furnished with
computers, phone systems, Internet access and break rooms to accommodate up to 25 employees.  On December 12, 2014, ID Global
Solutions Corporation entered into a Real Estate Purchase Agreement with Megan DeVault and Jeffrey DeLeon, as purchasers, pursuant
to which we agreed to sell to the purchasers, who are unrelated third parties, all of our rights, title and interest in these
headquarters in Longwood, Florida for a purchase price of $240,000. The transaction closed on December 19, 2014. 

On December 19, 2014,
at the closing of the sale of the headquarters, the Company entered into a 12 month lease for the facilities at a monthly rate
of $3,000, with an option to extend the lease term an additional 12 months for $3,300 per month. The monthly payments include
all taxes and building maintenance charges. 

MultiPay S.A.S. has two
offices located in Bogot , Colombia. The offices consist of approximately 3,000 square feet combined.  The facility
is fully furnished with computers, phone systems, internet access and break rooms to accommodate up to 30 employees.  MultiPay s
offices currently are covered by two separate leases, both of which are with Organizacion Inmobiliaria Fierro Diaz   Cia.
The first lease currently runs from April 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017 with a yearly renewal option. The second lease currently
runs from November 1, 2015 through October 31, 2016 with a yearly renewal option. The leases cost a combined $3,700 per month. 

IDGS S.A.S. has a warehouse
facility located in Bogot , Colombia. The location consists of approximately 4,000 square feet.  The facility is furnished
with phone systems, internet access and administrative offices.  The lease is with Energy Inc. S.A.S. and currently runs
from September 1, 2015 through August 31, 2016 with a yearly renewal option. The lease cost is approximately $1,900 per month. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings  

We are currently not a
party to any legal or administrative proceedings and are not aware of any pending or threatened legal or administrative proceedings
against us in all material respects. We may from time to time become a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising
in the ordinary course of our business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for
Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Market Information  

The high and low per share closing sales prices
of the Company's stock on the OTC Markets (ticker symbol: IDGS) for each quarter for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014
(with trading beginning on May 19, 2015) were as follows:  

Holders of our
Common Stock  

As
of October 31, 2016, there were approximately 138 stockholders of record of our common stock. This number does not include shares
held by brokerage clearing houses, depositories or others in unregistered form.  The stock transfer agent for our securities
is Globex Transfer, LLC, 780 Deltona Blvd., Suite 202, Deltona, Florida 32725. 

Dividends  

The
Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock.  The Company currently intends to retain
future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of its business.  As a result, the Company does not anticipate paying
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans  

The following table sets forth the aggregate information of our
equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2015: 

On November 21, 2014,
our Board of Directors authorized the ID Global Solutions Corporation Equity Compensation Plan (the  2014 Plan ) covering
25,000,000 shares of common stock. The 2014 Plan also contains an  evergreen formula  pursuant to which the number
of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2014 Plan will automatically increase on the first trading day of January
each calendar year during the term of the 2014 Plan, beginning with calendar year 2015, by an amount equal to 2% of the total
number of shares of common stock outstanding on the last trading day in December of the immediately preceding calendar year, up
to a maximum annual increase of 250,000 shares of common stock. The purpose of the 2014 Plan is to enable us to offer to our employees,
officers, directors and consultants, whose past, present and/or potential contributions to our company have been, are or will
be important to our success, an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in our company. The 2014 Plan is administered by
our board of directors. Plan options may either be: 

incentive
                                         stock options (ISOs), 

non-qualified
                                         options (NSOs), 

awards of
                                         our common stock, or 

rights to
                                         make direct purchases of our common stock which may be subject to certain restrictions. 

Any option granted under
the 2014 Plan must provide for an exercise price of not less than 100% of the fair market value of the underlying shares on the
date of grant, but the exercise price of any ISO granted to an eligible employee owning more than 10% of our outstanding common
stock must not be less than 110% of fair market value on the date of the grant. The plan further provides that with respect to
ISOs the aggregate fair market value of the common stock underlying the options which are exercisable by any option holder during
any calendar year cannot exceed $100,000. The term of each plan option and the manner in which it may be exercised is determined
by the board of directors or the compensation committee, provided that no option may be exercisable more than 10 years after the
date of its grant and, in the case of an incentive option granted to an eligible employee owning more than 10% of the common stock,
no more than five years after the date of the grant. In the event of any stock split of our outstanding common stock, the board
of directors in its discretion may elect to maintain the stated amount of shares reserved under the plan without giving effect
to such stock split. Subject to the limitation on the aggregate number of shares issuable under the plan, there is no maximum
or minimum number of shares as to which a stock grant or plan option may be granted to any person. 

The Company did not issue
any securities under the 2014 Plan during 2014. All securities issued under the 2014 Plan occurred during 2015. The Company has
no other stock options plans in effect as of December 31, 2015. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities  

From March 2014 to August
2014, the Company borrowed an aggregate of $1,110,000 from Penn Investments, Inc., a related party under four promissory notes
bearing interest at 15% per annum. On September 24, 2014 we entered into a Note Conversion Agreement with Penn Investments, Inc.
pursuant to which an aggregate of $1,165,675 of principal and accrued interest due under these notes was converted into 2,915,000
shares of our common stock, based upon a conversion price of $0.40 per share, in full satisfaction of such notes. Penn assigned
the shares after conversion to an unrelated third party. 

From June 25, 2015 through
June 30, 2015, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreements with several accredited investors pursuant to which the
accredited investors invested $700,000 (the  First Closing ) into the Company in consideration of Secured Convertible
Debentures and common stock purchase warrants to acquire an aggregate of 15,400,000 shares of common stock. On July 29, 2015,
the Company entered into and closed Securities Purchase Agreements with several accredited investors pursuant to which the accredited
investors invested $190,000 (the  Second Closing  and together with the First Closing, the  Offering ) into
the Company in consideration of Secured Convertible Debentures and common stock purchase warrants to acquire an aggregate of 4,180,000
shares of common stock. The warrants are exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of $0.05 subject to antidilution
protection. The Secured Convertible Debentures bear interest of 10%, are payable on the earlier of the Company closing a financing
in excess of $2,000,000 or one year from the date of issuance. The Secured Convertible Debentures are convertible into shares
of common stock at $0.03 to $0.01 per share subject to antidilution protection. In the event the Secured Convertible Debentures
are not paid in full by the maturity date, then the Company shall be obligated to make a monthly cash payment to the holder as
liquidated damages in the amount equal to 2% of the principal and interest outstanding. The Company, at its sole option, may pay
such liquidated damages in shares of common stock of the Company equal to the amount payable divided by the weighted average market
price for the five days prior to the payment. Such liquidated damages will be paid on a monthly basis until this debenture is
paid in full. The Secured Convertible Debenture is secured by all assets of the Company. Each of the accredited investors have
individually agreed to restrict their ability to convert the Secured Convertible Debentures or exercise their Common Stock Purchase
Warrants and receive shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by them and their affiliates
after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 4.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. In
connection with the Offering, the Company paid Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. ( Network ), a registered broker-dealer,
a cash fee of $71,200 and issued Network 1,866,666 shares of common stock of the Company. 

On September 25, 2015
through November 5, 2015, the Company entered into and closed Securities Purchase Agreements with several accredited investors
(the  2015 Accredited Investors ) pursuant to which the 2015 Accredited Investors invested $1,250,000 (the  Offering )
into the Company in consideration of Secured Promissory Notes (the  Notes ) and common stock purchase warrants (the
 Warrants ) to acquire an aggregate of 8,333,338 shares of common stock. The Warrants are exercisable for a period of
five years at an exercise price of $0.15. The Notes bear interest of 12% and are payable one year from the date of issuance. The
Notes are secured by 100% of the Company s interest in ID Global LATAM S.A.S., a wholly-owned Colombian subsidiary of the
Company. Prior to the maturity dates of the Notes, the 2015 Accredited Investors may elect to convert the interest accrued on
the Notes into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion rate of $0.10 per share, 

On April 6, 2015, the
Company closed on a Share Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with all of the shareholders (the  Multipay
Shareholders ) of Multipay S.A., a Colombian corporation ( Multipay ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to
acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Multipay (the  Multipay Shares ) from the Multipay Shareholders
on a fully diluted basis. In consideration for the Multipay Shares, the Company will issue and sell to the Multipay Shareholders
an aggregate of 7,600,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The Company has issued approximately 6,100,000 shares of common
stock to the Multipay Shareholders upon closing of the transaction. Upon the Multipay Shareholders paying certain liabilities
in the approximate amount of US $370,000, the Company is required to deliver the balance of approximately 1,500,000 shares of
common stock to the Multipay Shareholders. In the event the Multipay Shareholders do not pay the required amount by the 12-month
anniversary of the closing date, the Company will not be required to deliver the remaining shares of common stock. Multipay through
the use of its own proprietary software platforms is engaged in providing an array of value added payment gateway services as
well as complimentary mobile wallet applications and services to various customers in Colombia and Peru. The company was established
in December of 2008 and has 14 full time employees based in Bogota, Colombia. 

On September 4, 2015,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Ricky Solomon, a director of the Company, pursuant to which Mr.
Solomon invested $100,000 into the Company in consideration of a Secured Promissory Note (the  Solomon Note ) and a
common stock purchase warrant to acquire an aggregate of 250,000 shares of common stock exercisable for a period of five years
at an exercise price of $0.40. The Solomon Note bears interest of 10%, is payable on the earlier of the Company closing a financing
in excess of $1,000,000 or on September 19, 2015. The Solomon Note contains standard default terms and is secured by all assets
of the Company. In the event the Company defaults under the Note, the Company is required to issue Mr. Solomon an additional common
stock purchase warrant to acquire 666,667 shares of common stock at $0.15 per share. 

On September 25, 2015,
the Company entered into a letter agreement (the  Letter Agreement ) with ID Solutions Inc. ( ID Solutions ),
pursuant to which the parties agreed to settle a loan previously made to the Company by ID Solutions in the current amount $172,095,
including principal and interest, in consideration of the issuance by the Company to ID Solutions of a 12% Convertible Promissory
Note (the  ID Solutions Note ) in the amount of $172,095 and a common stock purchase warrant (the  ID Solutions
Warrant ) to purchase 1,146,667 shares of common stock for a period of five years at an exercise price of $0.15. The ID
Solutions Note bears interest of 12%, is payable on September 25, 2016. ID Solutions may elect to convert all or part of the principal
amount of the ID Solutions Note plus interest into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion rate of $0.10 per share.
Douglas Solomon, an officer and director of the Company, is the principal shareholder, executive officer and director of ID Solutions. 

On December 22 through
December 28, 2015, the Company entered into and closed Securities Purchase Agreements with several accredited investors (the  2015
Accredited Investors ) pursuant to which the 2015 Accredited Investors invested $850,000 (the  Offering ) into
the Company in consideration of Promissory Notes (the  Notes ) and common stock purchase warrants (the  Warrants )
to acquire an aggregate of 1,770,832 shares of common stock. The Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise
price of $0.48. The Notes bear interest of 12% and are payable one year from the date of issuance. The Notes are secured by pro-rata
pledges of 10,000,000 issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company held by the Company's Chief Executive Officer,
Thomas R. Szoke, pursuant to stock pledge agreements entered into between the 2015 Accredited Investors and Mr. Szoke. Prior to
the maturity dates of the Notes, the 2015 Accredited Investors may elect to convert the interest accrued on the Notes into shares
of common stock of the Company at a conversion rate of $0.48 per share (the  Interest Conversion Price ), provided,
however, that upon the closing of the next financing following the closing of the Offering in which the Company sells shares of
common stock or securities that are convertible into shares of common stock in excess of $5,000,000 (the  Subsequent Financing ),
the Interest Conversion Price will be adjusted to equal 120% of such price per share or conversion price utilized in such Subsequent
Financing, provided, however, that in no event will the Interest Conversion Price be increased and such adjustment to the Interest
Conversion Price will be a one-time event. 

On February 8, 2016, the
Company closed on the acquisition of FIN Holdings Inc. ( FIN ), a related party via common management and partial common
ownership, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, ID Solutions Inc. a Delaware Corporation specializing in field proven, cutting-edge
biometric fingerprint software technology and algorithms, as well as Cards Plus Pty Ltd, a South African company which provides
unique secure credential products and solutions to government customers in Africa. The purchase price of $9,000,000 was paid in
the form of common stock of the Company, resulting in the issuance of 22,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock to
the FIN shareholders. 

On April 19, 2016, the
Company entered into and closed Securities Purchase Agreements with several accredited investors (the  April 2016 Accredited
Investors ) pursuant to which the April 2016 Accredited Investors invested an aggregate of $1,550,000 into the Company in
consideration of Secured Convertible Debentures and common stock purchase warrants to acquire an aggregate of 6,200,000 shares
of common stock exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of $0.25 subject to antidilution protection. However,
the exercise price shall be adjusted to equal the conversion price or the per share purchase price of Company's next offering
in the minimum amount of $5,000,000 if such price is less than $0.25 (the  Adjustment Price ) and the number of shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants shall be adjusted to equal the consideration paid by the April 2016 Accredited
Investors by the Adjustment Price. The Secured Convertible Debentures bear interest of 12% and are payable on the six (6) month
anniversary of the Secured Convertible Debentures. The Secured Convertible Debentures are convertible into shares of common stock
at $0.25 per share subject to antidilution protection. The conversion price shall be adjusted to equal the Adjustment Price less
a 20% discount if such Adjustment Price is less than $0.25 per share. The Secured Convertible Debentures are secured by 18,235,295
issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company held by certain shareholders of the Company (the  Pledgors )
pursuant to stock pledge agreements entered into between the April 2016 Accredited Investors and the Pledgors. Each of the April
2016 Accredited Investors have individually agreed to restrict their ability to convert the Secured Convertible Debentures
or exercise their Common Stock Purchase Warrants and receive shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock
held by them and their affiliates after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 4.99% of the then issued
and outstanding shares of common stock. 

All
of the offers and sales of securities listed above were made to accredited investors.   The
issuance of the above securities is exempt from the registration requirements under Rule 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and/or Rule 506 as promulgated under Regulation D.  

Item 6. Selected Financial
Data.  

As a smaller reporting
company, the Company is not required to file selected financial data. 

Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates and judgments, including those described in greater detail below. We base
our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

As used in this  Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation,  except where the context otherwise requires, the
term  we,   us,   our,  or  the Company,  refers to the business of ID Global Solutions
Corporation. 

Overview  

ID Global Solutions Corporation,
together with its subsidiaries ( ID Global , the  Company ,  we  or  our ), is
a provider of secure, biometric identification, identity management and electronic transaction processing services. Founded to
pioneer innovative digital identification solutions, the Company is focused on addressing the growing need for highly secure and
convenient methods for identity management during a variety of electronic transactions. The Company provides its biometric identification
services to government and public sector organizations, seeking to verify and manage identities for a variety of security purposes,
including issuing identity cards and exercise of rights such as voting in elections. With the acquisition of MultiPay S.A., or
MultiPay, the Company acquired a transaction processing platform that offers secure multifunctional payment gateway services to
merchants and financial institutions. With the development of the OnePay TM  electronic payment solution the Company
believes it will be able to combine its core technologies and use its platform to power a solution that will provide cost effective
and secure means of financial inclusion for the un-banked and under banked population around the globe. 

The Company is continuing
to develop secure biometric identity management and electronic transaction solutions for international and domestic government,
enterprise, and consumer markets. The Company s products focus on two distinct yet complementary requirements, for which
the Company believes there is significant market demand. One is the broad requirement for identity, access and transaction verification
and associated identity management needs. The other is for providing cost effective and secure methods of conversion of cash and
paper to electronic payments for the un-banked and under banked population, to enable them to participate in the digital economy
there by facilitating financial inclusion. The Company has invested in developing, patenting and acquiring both hardware and software
platforms, which are intended to address these specific market requirements. 

ID Global Solutions Corporation
(formerly IIM Global Corporation) (formerly Silverwood Acquisition Corporation) was incorporated on September 21, 2011 under the
laws of the State of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and
acquisitions. ID Global has been in the developmental stage since inception. 

The Company s headquarters
are located in Longwood, Florida. The location consists of over 3,500 square feet.  The facility is furnished with computers,
phone systems, internet access and break rooms to accommodate up to 25 employees. 

Key Trends  

We believe that our financial
results will be impacted by several market trends in the identity management and payment processing industries, including growing
concerns over identity theft and fraud and the increase in electronic payments, in particular solutions provided by non-bank entities.
The key drivers for these alternative payment methods are consumer demands for convenient and faster payment transactions, the
gaps in the existing value propositions offered by the banks mainly because of legacy systems and regulatory constraints, which
can stifle innovation and the inability of many consumers to access the banks traditional payment services. Our results are also
impacted by the changes in levels of spending on identity management and security methods, and as a result, negative trends in
the global economy and other factors which negatively impact such spending may negatively impact the growth our revenue from those
products. The global economy has been undergoing a period of economic uncertainty and stock markets are experiencing high levels
of volatility, and it is difficult to predict how long this uncertainty and volatility will continue. 

We plan to grow our business
by increasing the use of our services by our existing customers, by adding new customers by expanding into new markets and by
innovation. If we are successful in these efforts, we would expect our revenue to continue to grow. In addition, based on the
positive trends in the international payment processing industry noted above, we anticipate that as and when more payments are
made using electronic methods, such as those that we offer, our revenue would also increase. 

Going Concern  

The Company has an accumulated
deficit of approximately $39.1 million as of December 31, 2015. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent
on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations, which it has not been able to accomplish
to date, and/or obtain additional financing from its stockholders and/or other third parties. 

Our consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to meet its obligations and continue
its operations for the next fiscal year. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon financial support
from its stockholders, the ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations, successfully locating
and negotiating with other business entities for potential acquisition and /or acquiring new clients to generate revenues, none
of which can be assured. 

There is no assurance
that the Company will ever be profitable. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the
possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that
may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Our significant accounting
policies are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Those material accounting estimates that
we believe are the most critical to an investor's understanding of our financial results and condition are discussed immediately
below and are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application
of significant judgment by our management to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain
estimates. 

Use of Estimates  

In preparing these consolidated
financial statements in conformity with US GAAP, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. Significant estimates and assumptions included in our consolidated financial statements relate to the valuation
of long-lived assets, accruals for potential liabilities, and valuation assumptions related to equity instruments and share based
payments. 

Property and Equipment, net  

Property and equipment
consisted of furniture and fixtures and computer equipment, and are stated at cost. Property and equipment are depreciated using
the straight-line method over the estimated service lives of three to five years. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred
and improvements are capitalized. Gains or losses on the disposition of property equipment are recorded upon disposal 

Other Assets  

Other assets consist primarily
of costs associated with the construction of an HDR (Handheld Document Reader) mobile biometric devices. As of December 31, 2015,
the devices are still under construction and have not been placed in service. Upon completion, the amounts will be recorded as
property and equipment and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. 

Intangible Assets  

Excluding goodwill, acquired
intangible assets and internally developed software are amortized over their useful lives unless the lives are determined to be
indefinite. Acquired amortizing intangible assets are carried at cost, less accumulated amortization. Internally developed software
costs are capitalized upon reaching technological feasibility. Amortization of acquired finite-lived intangible assets is computed
over the useful lives of the respective assets. The Company amortizes intangible assets over a ten year period. Amortization of
internally developed software is amortized over a three-year period. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

Long-lived assets are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted
future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. 

If the carrying amount
of an asset exceeds its undiscounted estimated future cash flows, an impairment review is performed. An impairment charge is recognized
in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of would be
separately presented in the balance sheet and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and
are no longer depreciated. The assets and liabilities of a disposed group classified as held for sale would be presented separately
in the appropriate asset and liability sections of the balance sheet. 

Research and Development Costs  

Research and development
costs consist of expenditures for the research and development of new products and technology. These costs are primarily expenses
to vendors contracted to perform research projects and develop technology for the Company's products.  Research and development
costs are expensed as incurred. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes
nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when
promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects
to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing
so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing US GAAP.
The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein, using either of the
following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting
period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially
adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). Management of the Company
is currently evaluating the impact of its pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements and have not
yet determined the method by which it will adopt the standard in 2018. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern.  This ASU amends ASC205-40. ASC 205-40 provided guidance about management s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
note disclosures. With the amendments made by ASU 2014-15, financial statement disclosures will be required when there is substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of considerations
of management s plans. The new standard provides management with principles for evaluating whether there is substantial
doubt by: providing a definition of substantial doubt, requiring an evaluation every reporting period (including interim periods),
providing principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, requiring certain disclosures when substantial
doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, requiring an express statement and other disclosures
when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and requiring an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments are effective for the annual period ending after December 15,
2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not
expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  ( ASU 2015-11 ), modifying the accounting for inventory. Under
ASU 2015-11, the measurement principle for inventory will change from lower of cost or market value to lower of cost and net realizable
value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is applicable to inventory that is accounted for under
the first-in, first-out method and is effective for reporting periods after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.
The Company has not yet determined the impact of adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)  ( ASU 2015-17 ). Currently US GAAP requires an entity to separate deferred income
tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments
under ASU 2015-17 will require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement
of financial position. The amendments in this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and
interim periods thereafter. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated
financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ) that will supersede current guidance related to accounting for leases.
The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease
liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The standard will be effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The standard is
required to be adopted using the modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact this
guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09
includes provisions to simplify certain aspects related to the accounting for share-based awards and the related financial statement
presentation. This ASU includes a requirement that the tax effect related to the settlement of share-based awards be recorded
in income tax benefit or expense in the statements of earnings. This change is required to be adopted prospectively in the period
of adoption. In addition, the ASU modifies the classification of certain share-based payment activities within the statements
of cash flows and these changes are required to be applied retrospectively to all periods presented, or in certain cases prospectively,
beginning in the period of adoption. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential
impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition
for the Year Ended December 31, 2015 as Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2014  

The following are the
consolidated results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Revenues  

During the year ended
December 31, 2015, the Company commenced its operations and generated revenues of approximately $735,000. The Company s
revenues are primarily related to consulting services ($500,000) provided to ID Solutions, Inc,, a related party customer due
to certain directors of the Company also being directors of ID Solutions, Inc. In addition, the Company s Colombia operations
generated revenues of approximately $235,000. The Company did not have reveneus for the year ending December 31, 2014 as it had
not yet fully commenced its operations and there were no acquisitions. 

Operating Expenses  

Operating expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2015 increased by approximately $8.8 million as compared to the same period in 2014 due primarily
to increases in stock option compensation expense, general and administrative expenses and research   development expenses
for 2015 as compared to 2014. Our stock option compensation expense increased by $6,320,000 primarily as a result of the Company s
need to retain and hire necessary talent to carry out its operations. Our general and administrative expenses were higher in 2015
due to increased payroll expenses ($1,107,500), legal fees ($273,000), consulting fees ($137,000), rent expense ($57,000) and
travel   entertainment ($38,000) associated with the raising capital and the acquisition of Multipay SAS. Our research and
development expenses were higher in 2015 due to software engineering expenses for the development of kiosk, OnePay and ID Complete
software solutions, which continues in 2016 and did not exist in 2014. 

Loss on Sale of Property and Equipment  

In May 2014, we acquired
an office building for a purchase price of $430,000, which was sold in December 2014 for $240,000. As a result, we recorded a
loss on sale of the building of $71,616 for the year ended December 31, 2014. There were no such transactions during 2015. 

Interest Expense and Loss on Derivative
Liability  

Our interest expense increased
during 2015 by approximately $1.1 million primarily due to additional debt issued during the year, including amortization of debt
discount associated therewith, and debt assumed through the acquisition of Multipay SAS of approximately $273,000. During 2015,
we borrowed an aggregate of $3,240,000 from various individual sources through four rounds of financing in the form of notes payable
and convertible notes payable. Interest rates were primarily 12% with warrant coverage set at variable rates. The convertible
notes payable include certain features that allow the convertible debenture and warrant holders to adjust the exercise price downward
under certain circumstances. The Company has determined that the conversion features and warrants are considered derivative liabilities
(and treated as a discount on the related debt), which are carried at fair value. The change in fair value of derivative liabilities
during the year amounted to approximately $26.6 million. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of December 31, 2015,
our current assets amounted to $1,509,787 and our current liabilities outstanding amounted $27,550,685, which consists primarily
of a derivative liability ($25,445,645) related to the capital raises. 

Net cash used by operating
activities was $2,522,928 for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to $362,812 in 2014. Our cash used in operations for 2015
was the primarily result of our net loss of approximately $36.7 million, offset by non-cash expenses of $34,156,241, which was
primarily related to derivative expenses ($26,647,021) and stock options issued ($6,320,114). 

Net cash used in investing
activities for 2015 was $187,003, which was primarily the result of $265,022 in spending for investments in other assets. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities for 2015 amounted to $2,848,947, which consisted of proceeds from the issuance of notes payable and convertible notes
payable. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities for 2014 amounted to $923,802 which was the result of additional notes payable borrowings of $1,148,417, offset by
$224,615 for the repayment of notes payables. 

Description of Indebtedness  

As described in Item 1a,
the Company has a history of losses and may not be able to achieve profitability in the near term. Further, due to the losses
incurred, the Company has not been able to achieve positive cash flows from operations and is required to seek additional financing.
As more fully described in Notes 8 and 9, the Company to date has obtained financing in the form of promissory and convertible
notes payable. The promissory notes and convertible notes payable are at interest rates ranging from 10-12%, may allow for principal
and/or interest to be converted to equity and may also include warrants for the purchase of the Company s common stock.
The Company believes that its ability to borrow in the near term will be with similar promissory and convertible notes payable.
The Company is currently anticipating that it will attain positive cash flows from operation in 2018. For 2016 and 2017, the Company
anticipates borrowing requirements to be approximately $5.7 million and $3.3 million, respectively. 

For a complete description
of our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, see Notes 7,8   9 the consolidated financial statements. 

As of December 31, 2015,
we had total convertible notes payable outstanding of $383,346, which primarily consisted of borrowings in the form of convertible
debt from various unrelated party entities, net of discounts. 

As of December 31, 2015,
we had total promissory notes payable outstanding of $634,069, which consisted of borrowings from unrelated party entities, net
of discounts. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no off-balance
sheet financing arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations  

On December 19, 2014 at
the closing of the sale of our office building, we entered into a 12 month lease for office facilities at a monthly rate of $3,000,
with an option to extend the lease term an additional 12 months for $3,300 per month. This lease has been renewed for a 12 month
term. The monthly payments include all taxes and building maintenance charges. 

Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data  

Our consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth on pages 45 through
48 of this report. 

Item 9. Changes in
and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

On January 6, 2016 (the
 Dismissal Date ), the Company advised Anton   Chia, LLP (the  Former Auditor ) that it was dismissed
as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The decision to dismiss the Former Auditor as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm was approved by the Company s Board of Directors on January 6, 2016. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2014 and 2013 and through the Dismissal Date, the Company has not had any disagreements with the Former Auditor on
any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements,
if not resolved to the Former Auditor s satisfaction, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their reports
on the Company s financial statements for such years. 

Except as set forth below,
during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 and through the Dismissal Date, the reports of the Former Auditor on the Company's
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion,
and such reports were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principle. The reports of the Company's
financial statements for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 contained an explanatory paragraph, which noted that
there was substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

On December 31, 2015,
the Company engaged Cherry Bekaert LLP ( New Auditor ) as its independent registered public accounting firm for the
Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. The decision to engage the New Auditor as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Item 9A. Controls and
Procedures  

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act.  Based
on the evaluation and the identification of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2015, the Company's disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective. 

Management's Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act.  Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with US GAAP.  Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projection
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have conducted an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2015.  Management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting was conducted using the
criteria in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   Guidance for Smaller Public Companies issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ). 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis.  In connection with management's assessment of our internal control over financial reporting
as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we identified the following material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015: 

-  The Company has
                                         not established adequate financial reporting monitoring activities to mitigate the risk
                                         of management override, specifically because there are few employees and only two officers
                                         with management functions and therefore there is lack of segregation of duties. 

The Company expanded
                                         significantly in 2015 as a result of its MultiPay acquisition. Due to the Company s
                                         limited capital resources, it has not been able to establish the proper accounting and
                                         financial reporting oversight of its MultiPay subsidiary, which is located in Colombia. 

-  There is a strong
                                         reliance on outside consultants to review and adjust the annual and quarterly consolidated
                                         financial statements, to monitor the consolidated financial reporting of all of the Company s
                                         domestic and foreign operations, new accounting principles, and to ensure compliance
                                         with US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

-  There is a strong
                                         reliance on the external attorneys to review and edit the annual and quarterly filings
                                         and to ensure compliance with SEC disclosure requirements. 

-  A formal audit
                                         committee has not been formed. 

Because
of the material weaknesses noted above, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on Internal Control over Financial Reporting - Guidance for Smaller Public Companies
issued by COSO. 

Remediation of
Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

As
a smaller reporting company, without a viable business and revenues, the Company does not have the resources to install a dedicated
staff with deep expertise in all facets of SEC disclosure and US GAAP compliance.  As is the case with many small businesses,
the Company will continue to work with its external auditors and attorneys as it relates to new accounting principles and changes
to SEC disclosure requirements.  The Company has found that this approach worked well in the past and believes it to
be the most cost effective solution available for the foreseeable future. 

The
Company will conduct a review of existing sign-off and review procedures as well as document control protocols for critical accounting
spreadsheets.  The Company will also increase management's review of key financial documents and records. 

As
a smaller reporting company, the Company does not have the resources to fund sufficient staff to ensure a complete segregation
of responsibilities within the accounting function.  However, Company management does review, and will increase the
review of, financial statements on a monthly basis, and the Company's external auditor conducts reviews on a quarterly basis.  These
actions, in addition to the improvements identified above, will minimize any risk of a potential material misstatement occurring. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting.  Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2015 that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information  

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance;  

The Directors and Officers of the Company
are as follows: 

Name  
       
      Age  
       
      Position(s)
    and Offices Held   
 
      Douglas Solomon  
       
      60  
       
      Chief Operating
    Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors   
 
      Thomas Szoke  
       
      51  
       
      President, Chief
    Executive Officer and Director   
 
      Charles D. Albanese  
       
      56  
       
      Chief Financial
    Officer and Director   
 
      Andras Vago  
       
      64  
       
      Director   
 
      Herbert Selzer  
       
      70  
       
      Director   
 
      Ricky Solomon  
       
      54  
       
      Director   
 
      David S, Jones  
       
      60  
       
      Director   

Douglas Solomon   

Douglas Solomon serves
as Chief Operating Officer and a Director of the Company.  Mr. Solomon is the co-founder of ID Solutions Inc., and has over
30 years of hands-on experience in the management and operations of high-tech international corporations and their subsidiaries.
His experience includes over 18 years in international sales and marketing within the high-tech industry. Prior to founding ID
Solutions, Douglas held various positions as President and/or CEO of various US-based and international companies. His experience
and responsibilities include every aspect of running a business, people management, financial controls, resource planning and
expansion/growth strategy of the company and its stakeholders. As a graduate of the University of the Witwatersrand, he started
his career with Hewlett Packard in South Africa in 1979 and in 1985 left HP to start one of the largest HP OEM  s in Africa,
under the banner of the then publicly traded  Square One Solutions Group . In partnership with various local and international
companies, Douglas has been instrumental in establishing a beachhead for numerous new ventures in a variety of high-tech focused
opportunities. 

Thomas Szoke   

Thomas R. Szoke serves
as President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company.  Mr. Szoke has over 25 years of engineering, global
sales and operations management as well as extensive field experience and is one of the founding members of Innovation In Motion,
Inc., founded in April of 2009, and was the Chief Operating Officer of Innovation In Motion Inc., which was merged into ID Global
Solutions Corporation in August of 2013. Tom pioneered the concept and development and is the inventor of ID Global Corps HDR
Intelligent Accessory product lines, which was the technological basis for ID Global Corps Inventory Control Handheld (ICH) and
Handheld Voter Registration Device used in the Ghana elections in 2012. He is also the visionary behind the tested concept of
ID Global Corps SRIO Mobile Payment Solution. 

Mr. Szoke is recognized
as an expert and visionary in his field. He is one of a kind when it comes to navigating and dealing with the complexities between
technology, new product development and business. Tom has over 25 years in the high tech industry with a variety of technology
companies, over 21 years of global business operations experience and global sales experience and over 5 years of experience in
small business management. 

Mr. Szoke spent 23 years
with Motorola, Inc. gaining experience in field and product engineering, systems integration, program management and sales. Mr.
Szoke was the Country Manager for Hungary for all of Motorola, Inc. Mr. Szoke also possesses 10 years of experience in the Biometrics
Industry in management, sales, partnership development and technology/engineering development.  Mr. Szoke is a degreed Electrical
Engineer and is fluent in English and Hungarian. 

Charles D. Albanese   

Charles D. Albanese serves
as Chief Financial Officer and a Director of the Company. From 2011 to 2015, Mr. Albanese has served as the Chief Operating Officer
and Managing Director of Do It Right LLC, a business development consulting firm based in New York, NY. Mr. Albanese served as
the Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director from 2009 to 2011 of Brevet Capital, a hedge fund with under $1 billion in management.
From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Albanese served as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Cambridge Management Group
LLC, a pre-settlement legal financing firm. Prior to 2005, Mr. Albanese held several roles with Opticality Corp. and AT T
Wireless Services. Mr. Albanese graduated from Manhattan College with a B.S. Business Management/Finance. 

Andras Vago   

Andras Vago serves as
an Independent Director of the Company.  Since 1989, Mr. Vago has been the Founder, CEO and Managing Director of Multipolaris,
based in Budapest, Hungary. Mr. Vago was also one of the Founders of Innovation In Motion, Inc., which was merged into ID Global
Corp in August 2013. Mr. Vago has over 30 years of technical system development, technical system deployment and global executive
management experience. His areas of expertise include manufacturing, delivery and installation of digital telephone and complex
nation-wide information systems. Mr. Vago is an experienced systems integrator and provides the planning, development, supply,
operation, servicing, maintenance and training on complex IT and communication networks and the integration of special surveillance
systems. 

Mr. Vago also focuses
on the technology for the development and production of plastic or paper based security documents such as passports, national
ID cards and personal and identification control mediums. Since 1997 Multipolaris has produced more than 130 million security
documents including ID cards and passports. In 2004 Mr. Vago started a subsidiary company, Multicard Ltd., which is 100% owned
by Mr. Vago, and manufactures a wide variety of plastic cards including bank cards, club, loyalty, traveler, membership, customer,
access control, ID, VIP motorway tool and chip cards. 

Mr. Vago also possesses
knowledge in Marketing from the Hungarian Aluminum Industry Trust. He also possesses a background in Import/Export knowledge and
experience during his career at the Machine Export Company, the Chemical Machine and Equipment Export and Import Company and was
head of exporting at Chemical Machine and Equipment Export and Import Company,  Chemocomplex . 

Mr. Vago is a degreed Engineer graduating from
the College Faculty of Metallurgy of the Technical University of Heavy Industry in Miskolc. Mr. Vago also possesses a degree in
the Economic Expert Branch of the Faculty of International Economic Relations from the University of Economics  Karl Marx 
in Budapest, Hungary. Mr. Vago is fluent in Hungarian, German, Italian and English. 

Herbert Selzer   

Herbert Selzer serves
as an Independent Director of the Company.  Mr. Seltzer is an attorney based on New York, New York with a focus in corporate,
international estate planning, trust and estates and wealth management. Mr. Seltzer has been a partner with Loeb, Block  
Partners LLP since 1972. Prior to 1972, Mr. Seltzer was employed by Ernst   Young. Mr. Seltzer holds a BS Economics from Brooklyn
College, a JD from George Washington University Law Center and an LLM from New York City School of Law. 

Ricky Solomon   

Ricky Solomon serves as
an Independent Director of the Company.  From 1983 to 1998 Mr. Solomon held several positions at Wechsler   Co. ( Wechsler ),
a broker dealer focused on convertible securities. During his tenure Mr. Solomon became a partner and a managing director in charge
of trading at Wechsler. After spending 15 years at Wechsler, Mr. Solomon joined Paloma as a portfolio manager where he ran a convertible
arbitrage book as well as a long short equity book focused on technology stocks from 1998 to 2000. 

In 2000, Mr. Solomon became
a founding partner of Amaranth, a multi-strategy market neutral hedge fund that grew to almost $10 billion in assets by 2006.
There, Mr. Solomon ran global convertible arbitrage and a long short equity book and he was also was a member of the executive
committee until leaving Amaranth in 2006. Mr. Solomon joined Verition, another multi- strategy market neutral fund, in 2008 and
remained there until 2014. Mr. Solomon currently serves on the board of Aspen University, a for profit on-line higher learning
institution. Mr. Solomon joined Tripoint Global Equities in 2015. Through the years, Mr. Solomon has structured many financings,
both public and private and in multiple industries. He also has been a very active venture capital investor. Mr. Solomon graduated
from Emory University in 1983 with a BBA in finance. 

From
1983 to 1998 Mr. Solomon held several positions at Wechsler   Co. ( Wechsler ), a broker dealer focused on convertible
securities. During his tenure, Mr. Solomon became a partner and a managing director in charge of trading at Wechsler. After spending
15 years at Wechsler, Mr. Solomon joined Paloma as a portfolio manager where he ran a convertible arbitrage book as well as a
long short equity book focused on technology stocks from 1998 to 2000.  In 2000, Mr. Solomon became a founding partner of
Amaranth, a multi-strategy market neutral hedge fund that grew to almost $10 billion in assets by 2006. There, Mr. Solomon ran
global convertible arbitrage and a long short equity book and he was also was a member of the executive committee until leaving
Amaranth in 2006. Mr. Solomon joined Verition, another multi- strategy market neutral fund, in 2008 and remained there until 2014.
Mr. Solomon currently serves on the board of Aspen University, a for profit on-line higher learning institution. Mr. Solomon joined
Tripoint Global Equities in 2015. Through the years, Mr. Solomon has structured many financings, both public and private and in
multiple industries. He also has been a very active venture capital investor. Mr. Solomon graduated from Emory University in 1983
with a BBA in finance. Mr. Solomon is a limited investor in Renrel Partners LLC ( RPLLC ).  RPLLC has entered
a branch office relationship with Network 1 Financial Securities Inc. pursuant to which RPLLC provides administrative services
relating to the management of a branch office.   

David S. Jones   

David S. Jones served
in the past as Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, and is presently a Director of the
Company.  Mr. Jones has been in global business management in all regions of the world including global management of company
personnel and contractor/partner relationships.  He has served as a board member on joint ventures operating in Beijing,
China, Bangalore, India and Perth, Australia.  He has served and managed sales, field service, managed service, systems integration
and professional service, marketing, finance, engineering, business development and other areas with a particular expertise in
global services, strategic partnerships and joint venture management.  From 1986 through 2007, Mr. Jones worked for Motorola,
Inc. with various systems, operations and development positions retiring as Vice President for Global Service Delivery Operations
responsible for the global delivery of all technical call centers, network operations centers, secure operation center, technical
training and services business development.  He served as a board member for the joint venture between Motorola and WiPro
in Bangalore, India, Motorola and ERG in Perth, Australia and Motorola and a Local Manufacturer in Beijing, China.  From
2007 to 2010, Mr. Jones was Vice President and General Manager for Intermec Technologies, Inc.  s Global Services Division
in Everett, Washington.  Mr. Jones was responsible for Intermec's global services business including margin improvement and
revenue growth, sales, third party services, marketing, finance, call centers, parts sales and professional services.  From
2010 to 2011, Mr. Jones served in a consultant capacity to large and small manufacturers trying to enter or improve their services
position in the market. And in 2011 Mr. Jones joined Innovation in Motion Inc. as President   CEO, which has grown from a
start-up in 2009 to a pre-tax revenue of $7.7 million.  Mr. Jones received his Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering
from Rose Hulman Institute of Technology in Terre Haute, Indiana and his Masters in Business Administration degree from Baldwin
Wallace College in Berea, Ohio. 

Director Independence  

Pursuant to Rule 4200
of The NASDAQ Stock Market one of the definitions of an independent director is a person other than an executive officer or employee
of a company.  The Company's board of directors has reviewed the materiality of any relationship that each of the directors
has with the Company, either directly or indirectly.  Based on this review, the board has determined that there are four
(4) independent directors. 

Committees and Terms  

The Board of Directors
(the  Board ) has not established any committees. 

Legal Proceedings  

There are currently no
pending, threatened or actual legal proceedings of a material nature in which the Company is a party. 

Item 11. Executive
Compensation  

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE   

(3)  Mr. Albanese was
                                         hired on April 15, 2015 and as part of his compensation package was granted 3,500,000
                                         options which will vest in eight installment over two years, of which 750,000 were exercisable
                                         as of December 31, 2015 and carried an associated expense to the company of $4,876. Mr.
                                         Albanese has not exercised or realized any gain on these options as of the submission
                                         of this report.. 

The compensation shown
above is presented for the calendar years 2015 and 2014, respectively, and represents salaries and compensation payable to the
officers noted above in connection with their services for the Company 

As of December 31, 2015,
there was accrued compensation in the amount of $145,833 that was due to the Company s officers. Upon successful completion
by the Company of a primary public offering in the future (or the completion of other financing or funding), if at all, however,
the Company may compensate officers and employees as discussed below in  Anticipated Officer and Director Remuneration . 

Each of the officers has
received certain shares of common stock in the Company in connection with the change of control of the Company and/or the IIM
Acquisition.  Accordingly, the Company has not recorded any compensation expense in respect of any shares issued to the officers;
as such shares do not represent compensation that was paid to any officer. 

There are no current plans
to pay or distribute any cash or non-cash bonus compensation to officers of the Company, until such time as the Company is profitable,
experiences positive cash flow or obtains additional financing.     However, the Board of Directors may allocate salaries
and benefits to the officers in its sole discretion.  No officer is subject to a compensation plan or arrangement that results
from his or her resignation, retirement, or any other termination of employment with the Company or from a change in control of
the company or a change in his or her responsibilities following a change in control.  The members of the Board of Directors
may receive, if the Board so decides, a fixed fee and reimbursement of expenses, for attendance at each regular or special meeting
of the Board, although no such program has been adopted to date. The Company currently has no retirement, pension, or profit-sharing
plan covering its officers and directors; however, the Company plans to implement certain such benefits after sufficient funds
are realized or raised by the Company (see  Anticipated Officer and Director Remuneration  below.) 

Outstanding Equity Awards to Executive Officers  

Compensation of Directors  

The following table reflects compensation to each non-executive
director of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2015: 

(1)  The grant date fair value of
                                         the stock options granted in 2015, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, was
                                         $69,669 and $177,082 for Messrs. Solomon and Selzer, respectively. The amount shown in
                                         the table represents the vested portion in 2015 recognized as compensation. The fair
                                         value of the stock options awarded was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing
                                         model. Information regarding assumptions made in valuing the option grants under this
                                         model can be found in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
                                         December 31, 2015 included in the Form 10-K. At December 31, 2015, Messrs. Solomon and
                                         Selzer held 3,500,000 and 400,000 common stock options, respectively, subject to vesting.   

Executive Employment Agreements  

The Company entered into
an executive employment agreement with Thomas Szoke, as of February 27, 2014. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Szoke will receive
a base salary of $60,000 per year.  Mr. Szoke is also eligible for vacation and sick leave.  The term of the employment
agreement is from March 1, 2014 to February 28, 2017. On July 1, 2014 he issued the Company a letter agreement pursuant to which
he agreed to accept $1.00 as all compensation due him until such time as the parties entered into a new employment agreement.
On December 19, 2014 the Company entered into a new executive employment agreement with Thomas Szoke. Pursuant to the agreement,
Mr. Szoke will receive a base salary of $275,000 per year with a onetime signing on bonus of three-months base salary. Mr. Szoke
is also eligible for vacation and sick leave. The term of the employment agreement is from December 19, 2014 thru December 18,
2017. This agreement was amended on September 25, 2015 to include the issuance of 10,000,000 common stock options exercisable
at $0.45 per share for a period of five years. 

The Company entered into
an executive employment agreement with Douglas Solomon, as of February 27, 2014.  Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Solomon
will receive a base salary of $60,000 per year.  Mr. Solomon is also eligible for vacation and sick leave.  The term
of the employment agreement is from March 1, 2014 to February 28, 2017. On July 1, 2014 he issued the Company a letter agreement
pursuant to which he agreed to accept $1.00 as all compensation due him until such time as the parties entered into a new employment
agreement. On December 19, 2014 the Company entered into a new executive employment agreement with Douglas Solomon. Pursuant to
the agreement, Mr. Solomon will receive a base salary of $250,000 per year with a onetime signing on bonus of three-months base
salary. Mr. Solomon is also eligible for vacation and sick leave. The term of the employment agreement is from December 19, 2014
thru December 18, 2017. This agreement was amended on September 25, 2015 to include the issuance of 20,000,000 common stock options
exercisable at $0.45 per share for a period of five years 

The Company entered into
an executive employment agreement with Charles D. Albanese as of May 28, 2015.  Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Albanese will
receive a base salary of $200,000 per year.  Mr. Albanese is also eligible for vacation and sick leave.  The term of
the employment agreement is from May 28, 2015 to May 27, 2018. The agreement to includes the issuance of 3,500,000 common stock
options exercisable at $0.10 per share for a period of five years. 

The Company entered into
an executive employment agreement with Maksim Umarov as of July 6, 2015.  Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Umarov will receive
a base salary of $150,000 per year.  Mr. Umarov is also eligible for vacation and sick leave.  The term of the employment
agreement is from July 1, 2015 to June 30, 2018. The agreement also to includes the issuance of 500,000 common stock options exercisable
at $0.10 per share for a period of five years. This agreement was amended on September 25, 2015 to include the issuance of an
additional 3,000,000 common stock options exercisable at $0.10 per share for a period of five years. 

The Company has certain
key personnel consulting arrangements of note: 

In March 2014, the Company
entered into a consulting agreement with Jamie White, an independent contractor hired to provide Mechanical Design services for
the development of the Company  s new products. The agreement is a month-to-month agreement at a rate of $1,200/week. 

In April 2014, the Company
entered into a consulting agreement with Platinum Bay Consulting located in Florida to provide consulting services to the senior
management of the Company. The Company agreed to pay a monthly fee of $8,000 per month for 160 hours of consulting per month.
Additional hours incurred by the consultant is charged to the Company at an agreed upon rate. The Company agreed to pay a $30,000
non-refundable retainer.  The agreement is a month-to-month agreement with no minimum required term. 

In April 2014, the Company
entered into a consulting agreement with James Fegan an independent contractor hired to provide specialized embedded software
and hardware design services for the development of the Company  s new products. The agreement is valued at a maximum of
$88,000, at a rate of $8,000/bi-weekly. 

Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

The following table sets
forth, as of July 5, 2015, each person known by the Company to be the officer or director of the Company or a beneficial owner
of five percent or more of the Company's common stock. Except as noted, the holder thereof has sole voting and investment power
with respect to the shares shown. 

(1) Based upon 214,196,550 shares outstanding
as of July 15, 2016. 

(2) Includes 3,200,000 shares held by Multipolaris
Corporation, 32,000,000 shares held by Interpolaris Pte. Ltd. and 19,200,000 held by MP Informatikai Kft.  Mr. Vago is an
officer and principal of each of these entities, and he may be deemed the beneficial owner or the shares held by such entities. 

(3) Includes 1,315,940 shares held by Thomas
Szoke LLC.  Mr. Szoke is an officer and principal of the entity, and he may be deemed the beneficial owner or the shares
held by such entity. 

(4) Includes 15,350,000 shares held by Walk
Think LLC.  Mr. Fozzati is an officer and principal of the entity, and he may be deemed the beneficial owner or the shares
held by such entity. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions and Director Independence  

Mr. Andras Vago is the
majority shareholder of the Company, through his shares held in Multipolaris Corporation, Interpolaris Pte. Ltd. and MP Informatikai
Kft. Mr. Vago also serves as a director on the board of the Company. Mr. Thomas R. Szoke is the second largest shareholder directly
and through Thomas Szoke LLC which he is the sole shareholder, officer and director. Mr. Szoke is also a director on the board
of the company and the CEO. Mr. Douglas W. Solomon is also a board director for the company and the COO. Mr. Rick Antunes is the
third largest shareholder in the company. Mr. David S. Jones is the fourth largest shareholder and as is currently a director
of the board for the company. 

On September 4, 2015,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Ricky Solomon, a director of the Company, pursuant to which Mr.
Solomon invested $100,000 into the Company in consideration of a Secured Promissory Note (the  Solomon Note ) and a
common stock purchase warrant to acquire an aggregate of 250,000 shares of common stock exercisable for a period of five years
at an exercise price of $0.40. The Solomon Note bears interest of 10%, is payable on the earlier of the Company closing a financing
in excess of $1,000,000 or on September 19, 2015. The Solomon Note contains standard default terms and is secured by all assets
of the Company. In the event the Company defaults under the Note, the Company is required to issue Mr. Solomon an additional common
stock purchase warrant to acquire 666,667 shares of common stock at $0.15 per share. 

On February 8, 2016 the
Company closed on the acquisition of FIN Holdings Inc. ( FIN ), a related party via common management and partial common
ownership, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, ID Solutions Inc. a Delaware Corporation specializing in field proven, cutting-edge
biometric fingerprint software technology and algorithms, as well as Cards Plus Pty Ltd, a South African company which provides
unique secure credential products and solutions to government customers in Africa. The purchase price of $9,000,000, which was
paid in the form of common stock of the Company, will result in the issuing 22,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock
to the FIN shareholders. Douglas Solomon, a director and officer of the Company, was a shareholder, director and officer of FIN. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2015, the Company entered into a consulting and management agreement with ID Solutions, Inc., which is a related
party by virtue of common management and partial common ownership. Certain members of the Company s Board of Directors are
also members of the Board for ID Solutions, Inc. In addition, Douglas Solomon is a majority owner of ID Solutions, Inc. and also
owns 1.35% of the Company s common stock. Total revenues for the year ending December 31, 2015 amounted to $500,000. There
were no related party revenues for the year ending December 31, 2015. 

In connection with the
Company s ability to secure third-party financing, the Company paid Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. ( Network
1 ), a registered broker-dealer, a cash fee of $71,200 and issued Network 1,866,666 shares of common stock of the Company
in accordance with its agreement. A member of the Company s Board of Directors previously maintained a partnership with
a key principal of Network 1. In addition to the cash fee paid, the agreement calls for Network 1 to receive an 8% commission
of the total amount of proceeds from any financing it secures for the Company. The proceeds are paid directly to Network 1 prior
to the Company receiving the loans proceeds and amounted to approximately $296,000 for the year ending December 31, 2015. 

ID Global is not currently
required to maintain an independent director as defined by Rule 4200 of the Nasdaq Capital Market nor does it anticipate that
it will be applying for listing of its securities on an exchange in which an independent directorship is required. 

Item 14. Principal
Accounting Fees and Services.  

The Company has operating,
investing and financial activities with a net loss of $36,679,169 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The company entered into
agreement with an outside accounting firm for accounting purposes and aid in filing for all state and federal required taxes and
reports. The Company's current president donated his time in filing Delaware taxes and SEC reports. 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees incurred
for each of the last two years for professional services rendered by the independent registered public accounting firm for the
audits of the Company's annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company's Form 10-K and
Form 10-Q reports and services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements were as follows: 

The Company does not currently
have an audit committee serving and as a result its board of directors performs the duties of an audit committee. The board of
directors will evaluate and approve in advance, the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor renders
audit and non-audit services. The Company does not rely on preapproval policies and procedures. 

The total fees charged to the Company by Anton   Chia, LLP,
the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, S2 Filings and others are as follows ($ thousands): 

The total fees agreed to be paid by the
Company to Cherry Bekaert, LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting for 2016, which includes the audit as
of December 31, 2015 and the year then ended, are as follows ($ thousands): 

The current policy of the directors, acting
as the audit committee, is to approve the appointment of the principal auditing firm and any permissible audit-related services.
The audit and audit related fees include fees for the annual audit of the financial statements and review of financial statements
included in 10K and Q filings. Fees charged by Anton   Chia, LLP were approved by the Board with engagement letters signed
by Thomas R. Szoke, Chief Executive Officer 

Item 14.1. Code of
Ethics  

GENERAL STATEMENT OF POLICY: 

Honesty
                                         and candor in our activities, including observance of the spirit, as well as the letter
                                         of the law;    

Avoidance
                                         of conflicts between personal interests and the interests of the Company, or even the
                                         appearance of such conflicts;    

Avoidance
                                         of Company payments to candidates running for government posts or other government officials;    

Compliance
                                         with generally accepted accounting principles and controls;    

Maintenance
                                         of our reputation and avoidance of activities which might reflect adversely on the Company;
                                         and    

Integrity
                                         in dealing with the Company's assets.                            

References to  ID Global Solutions Corp. ,
 IDGS  or the  Company  are intended to refer only to ID Global Solutions Corp. The term  associate 
shall include spouse, children, any dependents, or any person or entity acting as the agent or fiduciary for any of the foregoing,
through which an associate may receive direct or indirect personal benefit. 

A.  HONESTY, CANDOR AND OBSERVANCE
                                         OF LAWS                                                                                                                                                   

a.  VIOLATIONS OF THE CODE OF ETHICS  

Violations of the Code of Ethics or any of
the Company's rules of conduct in effect will constitute grounds for disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Associates
are expected to act fairly and honestly in all transactions with the Company and with others and to maintain the high ethical
standards of the Company in accordance with this Code of Ethics. 

b.  DISCOVERY OF VIOLATIONS OF THE
                                         CODE OF ETHICS OR ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES  

Discovery of events of a questionable, fraudulent
or illegal nature or which appear to be in violation of the Code of Ethics must be promptly reported. Failure to report such events
also constitutes a violation of the Code of Ethics. 

Associates are encouraged to report concerns
of internal fraud   whether it is a suspicion of theft, accounting irregularities or violations of the law   through
a choice of confidential reporting processes outlined below: 

The
                                         anonymous  Give Tip  e-mail: [ info@idglobal.com ]    

Your
                                         direct manager or supervisor    

Any
                                         member of the Executive Team    

A
                                         written communication to the Chairman Board of Directors of IDGS (via U.S. mail), c/o
                                         ID Global Solutions Corp., 160 East Lake Brantley Drive, Longwood, Florida 32779    

Human
                                         Resources   

Retaliation against any associate who files
a claim of internal fraud will not be tolerated. Any act of retaliation will be subject to corrective action up to and including
immediate termination. 

c.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS  

The Company strives to comply with all the
laws and regulations that are applicable to its business. As a good citizen, the Company emphasizes good faith efforts to follow
the spirit and intent of the law. 

d.  CANDOR AMONG ASSOCIATES AND IN
                                         DEALING WITH AUDITORS AND COUNSEL  

Senior management of the Company must be informed
at all times of matters that might adversely affect the reputation of the Company, regardless of the source of such information.
Concealment may be considered a signal that the Company's policies and rules can be ignored, and such conduct cannot be tolerated.
Moreover, complete candor is essential in dealing with the Company's independent auditors and attorneys. 

B.  CONFLICTS OF INTEREST   

a.  CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, GENERALLY   

i.   The primary principle underlying
                                         the Company's conflicts of interest policies is that associates, and officers in particular,
                                         must never permit their personal interests to conflict or appear to conflict with the
                                         interests of the Company or its customers.   

ii.   No associate of IDGS, nor any
                                         member of their family, should accept any form of compensation from, be employed by or
                                         act as a consultant to, or have any ownership in, a vendor of IDGS, or any competitor
                                         of IDGS, without the express approval of IDGS's Chief Executive Officer. Generally speaking,
                                         associates and family members (including spouses, children, parents and siblings) should
                                         avoid any financial interest in a non-publicly owned vendor or competitor. If such interest
                                         does exist, subject to CEO approval, it should be limited to one-tenth of one percent
                                         of the entity's (vendor or competitor) outstanding securities and a maximum of ten percent
                                         of the associate or family member's total assets.   

iii.   No associate may act on behalf
                                         of the Company in any transaction involving persons or organizations with whom he/she
                                         or his/her family has any significant connection or financial interest.   

iv.   Officers and Directors are
                                         subject to higher standards of review for interested-party transactions. All such transactions
                                         must be openly disclosed to a disinterested majority of the Board of Directors and subject
                                         to a rigorous independent review.   

v.   Any associate in a conflict
                                         situation should discuss the matter with his or her immediate supervisor or should contact
                                         their Executive Staff representative. Usually, associates will be required to remove
                                         themselves from a conflict situation.   

b.  RECEIPT OF BRIBES, COMMISSIONS,
                                         HONORARIUMS, LOANS, GIFTS, GRATUITIES AND ENTERTAINMENT   

i.   The company does not permit
                                         or condone bribes, kickbacks, improper commissions, honorariums, loans, gifts, gratuities
                                         or any other illegal, secret, or improper payments, transfers or receipts.   

ii.   No associate may accept a gift
                                         other than of nominal value directly or indirectly, in any form, from a supplier or prospective
                                         supplier.   

iii.   As a general rule, no associate
                                         may accept a gift from any customer or prospective customer of the Company. Under no
                                         circumstances should an associate request or otherwise solicit from any customer, supplier
                                         or prospective customer or supplier, any gifts or similar gratuities, regardless of monetary
                                         worth.   

c.  CORPORATE HOSPITALITY TO THE PUBLIC
                                         OFFICIALS   

i.   Acts of hospitality toward public
                                         officials should never be on such a scale or of such a nature as might tend to compromise
                                         or give the impression of compromising the integrity or the reputation of either the
                                         public official or the Company.   

ii.   In no event shall Title Start
                                         Online, Inc.'s name be used to enhance an associate's own political opportunities.   

d.  DEALING WITH PROSPECTIVE SUPPLIERS   

i.  Associates must award orders, contracts
                                         and commitment to suppliers of goods or services without favoritism. Company business
                                         of this nature must be conducted strictly on the basis of merit.   

e.  FAIR COMPETITION   

i.  Under no circumstances should associates
                                         enter into arrangements with the Company's competitors affecting pricing or marketing
                                         arrangements. Such arrangements are illegal under federal and state antitrust laws.   

f.  CONDUCT WITH COMPETITORS   

i.  In all contacts with competitors,
                                         whether at trade/business association meetings or in other venues, do not discuss pricing
                                         policy, contract terms, costs, inventories, marketing and product plans, market surveys
                                         and studies, production plans and capabilities; and, of course, any other proprietary
                                         or confidential information.  

Discussion of these subjects or collaboration
on them with competitors can be illegal. If a competitor raises any of them, even lightly or with apparent innocence, you should
object, stop the conversation immediately, and tell the competitor that under no circumstances will you discuss these matters. 

In summary, disassociate yourself and IDGS
from participation in any possibly illegal activity with competitors; confine your communication to what is clearly legal and
proper. If necessary, you should leave the meeting. Finally, report immediately to the Chief Financial Officer any incident involving
a prohibited subject. 

Accidental, casual or social contact with
competitors can be suspect and considered circumstantial evidence of a conspiracy. 

g.  SERVICE WITH OUTSIDE ORGANIZATIONS
                                         FOR PROFIT   

i.  An associate must never become a director
                                         or an official of a business organized for profit without first obtaining a written statement
                                         through a Company officer, stating there is no objection to such service. The request
                                         will then be reviewed to determine whether any conflicts of interest exist or appear
                                         to exist.   

h.  PERSONAL FEES AND COMMISSIONS   

i.  No associate may accept personal fees
                                         or commissions from third parties in connection with any transactions on behalf of the
                                         Company. The acceptance of payments from suppliers requires the prior written approval
                                         of the Chief Financial Officer.   

i.  WORK RELATIONSHIPS   

i.   No associate shall give or receive
                                         any special consideration to the conditions of employment of another associate due to
                                         family or personal relationships.   

ii.   No employment decisions, whether
                                         they be decisions to hire, employ, promote, transfer, change compensation, or bar or
                                         discharge from employment, shall be based in whole or in part upon considerations of
                                         age, race, creed, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, disability, sexual orientation,
                                         veteran or marital status or any other category protected under federal, state or local
                                         law, regulation or ordinance of any individual, unless based upon a bonafide occupational
                                         qualification or other exception.   

C.  CONFIDENTIALITY                                                                                                                       

a.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING
                                         THE COMPANY                                                                                                                                                           

Officers and associates must not divulge any
non-public information regarding the Company to any outsider except for a legitimate business purpose and with the express understanding
that the information is confidential and is to be used solely for the limited business purpose for which it was given and received.
This information may include, but is not limited to: salary and personnel information, customer lists and data; including names,
addresses, phone numbers, credit card and other personal data, budgets and forecasts, and marketing and sales plans. Disclosure
of such proprietary information to non-IDGS personnel (vendors, customers, competitors, etc.) should only occur with the express
approval of a member of the Executive Committee. 

b.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING
                                         SUPPLIERS  

Confidential or sensitive information, such
as pricing, submitted to and maintained by the Company in connection with the purchase of equipment, supplies and services, must
be maintained in strictest confidence, in order to avoid giving or removing any competitive advantage with respect to any of several
suppliers. 

D.  SECURITIES, INVESTMENT AND TRADING  

a.  PERSONAL INVESTMENTS  

Associates are free to invest in stock, bonds
and other securities at their discretion, but must always comply with applicable laws and regulations. 

b.  INSIDER TRADING                                                                                                                           

Associates must never make changes in their
personal investment portfolios on the basis of confidential information relating to the Company or obtained through the Company's
business. In addition, associates are expected to follow the Company's Guidelines For Trading Common Stock and any other internal
policies and procedures in effect from time to time. 

c.  VIOLATIONS OF LAW                                                                                                                             

Significant federal laws govern the disclosure
of material, non-public information or trading in the Company's Common Stock on the basis of any such information. Those who disclose
confidential information to an outsider who either trades on the information or passes the information along will be subject to
the same sanctions as if they had traded the Company's Common Stock themselves. 

d.  RESPONSE TO INQUIRIES FROM OUTSIDERS                                                                                                                                                

Requests for information on IDGS's financial
performance or other topics from the media or any other source should be directed to the Chief Financial Officer. IDGS Associates
should not answer such inquiries themselves. 

E.  DEALING WITH THE ASSETS OF THE CORPORATION                                                                                                                                                  

a.  PROPRIETARY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS,
                                         SERVICES AND OTHER PROPERTY   

i.  All associates shall protect the Company's
                                         ownership of property, including information, products and services.   

ii.  The misuse or removal from Company
                                         office, warehouse or store facilities of the Company's merchandise, promotional product,
                                         furnishings, equipment, reports, computer software, data processing systems and supplies
                                         is prohibited, unless specifically authorized.   

iii.  Any contribution an associate makes
                                         to development and implementation of ideas or products while employed by the Company
                                         are the Company's property and remain its property even if the associate leaves the Company's
                                         employ.   

b.  BRIBES AND PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT                                                                                                                                             

Bribes and kickbacks are illegal. No bribes,
kickbacks, or other similar remuneration or consideration shall be given to any person or organization in order to attract business,
obtain real estate or otherwise act in a manner even though it may appear to enhance the Company's best interests. 

c.  PAYMENTS OR GIFTS TO U.S. OR FOREIGN
                                         GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS                                                                                                                                                                     

Payments or gifts to U.S. or foreign government
officials are strictly prohibited. 

d.  POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS                                                                                                                                   

Federal law (and many states) prohibits corporations
from making contributions directly or in kind to candidates for elected office or to political parties. 

e.  FOREIGN BUSINESS                                                                                                                            

IDGS and its associates are required to honor
all applicable foreign and United States law, including international agreements to which the U.S. has assented. 

f.  ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY
                                         STANDARDS                                                                                                                                                      

IDGS and its associates are required to comply
with all applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 

g.  COMMUNITY RELATIONS                                                                                                                               

IDGS and its associates are required to conduct
themselves as responsible and useful corporate citizens in all of the communities in which we operate. 

h.  PROPER ACCOUNTING   

i.  The Company has established internal
                                         accounting controls and record-keeping policies in order to meet both the legal and the
                                         business requirements of the Company. The Company has designed the accounting policies
                                         to comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as all other current and future
                                         relevant legislation and regulations. Associates are expected to maintain and adhere
                                         to these controls and policies.   

ii.  The accounting records of the Company
                                         must be complete, accurate and in reasonable detail. Such records include books of original
                                         entry and other financial information used for internal management decision-making and
                                         external reporting. The underlying transactions must be properly authorized and recorded
                                         on a timely basis in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
                                         with generally accepted accounting principles and maintain accountability of assets.
                                         No fund or asset which is not fully and properly recorded on the Company's books is permitted.   

iii.  All officers and associates of the
                                         Company who are authorized to incur business expenses are responsible for the accurate
                                         and timely reporting of such expenses. All expenditures must be in accordance with existing
                                         policies.   

iv.  It is unlawful to falsify any book,
                                         record or account which reflects transactions of the Company's assets.   

v.  No secret or unrecorded funds or assets
                                         shall be established or continued.   

F.  EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY                                                                                                                                    

ID Global Solutions Corp. is an equal opportunity
employer. This policy prohibits discrimination on any basis considered unlawful under federal, state and/or local laws including
but not limited to age, race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, physical or mental disability, sex, marital status,
veteran's status, sexual orientation, pregnancy or any other category protected under federal, state or local law, regulation
or ordinance. ID Global Solutions Corp. is dedicated to ensuring the fulfillment of this policy with respect to hiring, placement,
promotion, transfer, demotion, lay-off, termination, recruitment, advertising, rates of pay or other forms of compensation, selection
for training and general treatment during employment. This includes making reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees
with disabilities unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. 

In addition, it is ID Global Solutions Corp.'s
policy to prohibit harassment of any associate by a manager, supervisor, co-worker, client, customer or visitor on the basis of
the above-mentioned classifications, including gender. The purpose of this policy is to ensure that at ID Global Solutions Corp.
all associates are free from harassment on the basis of all the above-mentioned classifications including but not limited to gender. 

PART
IV 

Item 15. Exhibits,
Financial Statement Schedules  

EX-101.INS  
      XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT   

EX-101.SCH  
      XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT   

EX-101.CAL  
      XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE   

EX-101.DEF  
      XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE   

EX-101.LAB  
      XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE   

EX-101.PRE  
      XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE   

* Filed herewith. 

(1)         Previously
filed on Form 10-12G on November 9, 2011 (File No.: 000-54545) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed here, and
incorporated herein by this reference. 

(2)         Previously
filed on Form 8-K on August 13, 2013 (File No.: 000-54545) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed here, and incorporated
herein by this reference. 

(3)         Previously
filed on Form S-1 on February 13, 2014 (File No.: 333-193924), as amended, as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed
here, and incorporated herein by this reference. 

(4)         Previously
filed on Form S-1 on June 26, 2014 (File No.: 333-193924), as amended, as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed
here, and incorporated herein by this reference 

(5)         Previously
filed on Form S-1 on August 12, 2014 (File No.: 333-193924), as amended, as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed
here, and incorporated herein by this reference 

(6)         Previously
filed on Form 8-K on September 25, 2014 (File No.: 000-54545) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed here, and
incorporated herein by this reference. 

(7)         Previously
filed on Form 8-K on October 9, 2014 (File No.: 000-54545) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed here, and incorporated
herein by this reference. 

(8)         Previously
filed on Form 10-Q on November 14, 2014 (File No.: 000-54545) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed here, and
incorporated herein by this reference. 

(9)         Previously
filed on Form 8-K on November 28, 2014 (File No.: 000-54545) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed here, and
incorporated herein by this reference. 

(10)       Previously
filed on Form 8-K on December 22, 2014 (File No.: 000-54545) as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed here, and
incorporated herein by this reference. 

(11)       Previously
filed on Form 8-K on March 12, 2015 (File No.: 000-54545) and incorporated herein by this reference. 

(12)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 12, 2015. 

(13)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 1, 2015. 

(14)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 1, 2015. 

(15)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 1, 2015. 

(16)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 1, 2015. 

(17)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2015. 

(18)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2015. 

(19)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2015. 

(20)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2015. 

(21)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 9, 2015. 

(22)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 9, 2015. 

(23)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 9, 2015. 

(24)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 9, 2015. 

(25)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 22, 2015. 

(26)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(27)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(28)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(29)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(30)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(31)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(32)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(33)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(34)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(35)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(36)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(37)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(38)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(39)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(40)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(41)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(42)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2015. 

(43)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2015. 

(44)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2015. 

(45)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2015. 

(46)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 29, 2015. 

(47)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 8, 2016. 

(48)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 12, 2016. 

(49)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 25, 2016. 

(50)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 25, 2016. 

(51)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 25, 2016. 

(52)       Incorporated
by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 25, 2016. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

ID Global Solutions Corporation    

By: /s/Thomas R. Szoke   

Name: Thomas R. Szoke   

Title: Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

By: /s/ Charles D. Albanese   

Name: Charles D. Albanese   

Title: Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

In accordance with the Exchange Act,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on November 1, 2016 on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities indicated. 

Signature   
       
       Title    

/s/ Thomas R. Szoke  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, President and Director   
 
      Thomas R. Szoke  
       
      (Principal Executive Officer)   

/s/Douglas Solomon  
       
      COO, and Chairman of the Board   
 
      Douglas Solomon  

/s/Charles D. Albanese  
       
      CFO and Director   
 
     Charles D. Albanese 
       
      (Principal Financial Officer)   

/s/ Andras Vago  
       
      Director   
 
      Andras Vago  

/s/ Herb Selzer  
       
      Director   
 
      Herb Selzer  

/s/ Ricky Solomon 
       
      Director   
 
     Ricky Solomon 

/s/ David S. Jones 

Director   
 
       David
        S. Jones  

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of 

 ID Global Solutions Corporation 

 Longwood, Florida 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of ID Global Solutions Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended. ID
Global Solutions Corporation s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of ID Global Solutions
Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for
the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that ID Global Solutions will continue as a going concern. As shown in the consolidated financial
statements, the Company incurred a net loss of $36,679,169 and $904,687 in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and generated negative
operating cash flows of $2,522,928 and $362,812 in 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, the accumulated deficit
was $39,074,590. These factors, and others discussed in Note 1, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded assets, or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue
in existence. 

/s/ Cherry Bekaert LLP 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

 November 1, 2016 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors  

  ID Global Solutions Corporation  

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of ID Global Solutions Corporation (the  Company ) as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company was not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has had no revenues and income since inception. These conditions, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans concerning these matters are also described
in Note 1, which includes the raising of additional equity financing or merger with another entity. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/Anton   Chia, LLP  

Newport Beach, CA 

 March 31, 2015 

42   

ID
Global Solutions Corporation   

   CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS   

See notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

43   

ID Global Solutions
Corporation  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS  

ID Global Solutions
Corporation  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

See notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

44   

ID Global Solutions
Corporation  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)  

  For the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014  

See notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

45   

ID Global Solutions
Corporation  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS  

See notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

46   

ID GLOBAL SOLUTIONS CORPORATION  

  Notes To The Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 1   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

ID Global Solutions Corporation (formerly
IIM Global Corporation) (formerly Silverwood Acquisition Corporation) ( ID Global  or the  Company ) was incorporated
on September 21, 2011 under the laws of the State of Delaware. ID Global is a provider of secure, biometric identification, identity
management and electronic transaction processing services. Founded to pioneer innovative digital identification solutions, the
Company is focused on addressing the growing need for highly secure and convenient methods for identity management during a variety
of electronic transactions. The Company provides its biometric identification services to government and public sector organizations,
seeking to verify and manage identities for a variety of security purposes, including issuing identity cards and exercise of rights
such as voting in elections. With the acquisition of MultiPay S.A.S., the Company acquired a transaction processing platform that
offers secure multifunctional payment gateway services to merchants and financial institutions. With the development of the OnePay TM
 electronic payment solution the Company believes it will be able to combine its core technologies and use its platform to
power a solution that will provide cost effective and secure means of financial inclusion for the un-banked and under banked population
around the globe. 

Going Concern   

The Company has an accumulated deficit of
$39,074,590 as of December 31, 2015. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate
sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations, which it has not been able to accomplish to date, and/or obtain
additional financing from its stockholders and/or other third parties. 

These consolidated financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to meet its obligations and continue its operations
for the next fiscal year. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from the Company s
current shareholders, the ability of the Company to obtain additional equity financing to continue operations, the Company s
ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, successfully locating and negotiating with other business entities
for potential acquisition and /or acquiring new clients to generate revenues and cash flows, none of which can be assured. 

There is no assurance that the Company will
ever be profitable. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects
on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the
Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Basis of Consolidation   

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of ID Global Solutions and its wholly-owned subsidiaries MultiPay S.A.S,. ID Global LATAM and IDGS S.A.S.. All significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The summary of significant accounting policies
presented below is designed to assist in understanding the Company s consolidated financial statements. Such consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes are the representations of the Company s management, who are responsible for
their integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America ( US GAAP ) in all material respects, and have been consistently applied in preparing the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. 

Use of Estimates   

In preparing these consolidated financial
statements in conformity with US GAAP, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Significant estimates and assumptions included in our consolidated financial statements relate to the valuation of long-lived
assets, accruals for potential liabilities, and valuation assumptions related to equity instruments and share based payments. 

Revenue Recognition   

Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectability is probable. Revenue generally
is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers and subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. 

Revenue from cloud-based services arrangements
that allow for the use of a hosted software product or service that are provided on a consumption basis (for example, the number
of transactions processed over a period of time) is recognized commensurate with the customer utilization of such resources. Generally,
the contract calls for a minimum number of transactions to be charged by the Company on a monthly basis. Accordingly, the Company
records as revenue the minimum transactional fee based on the passage of a month s time.  Amounts in excess of the
monthly minimum, are charged to customers based on the actual number of transactions. 

Consulting services revenue is recognized
as services are rendered, generally based on the negotiated hourly rate in the consulting arrangement and the number of hours
worked during the period. Consulting revenue for fixed-price services arrangements is recognized as services are provided. 

47   

Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental
Authorities   

Taxes assessed by a government authority that
are both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue transactions between us and our customers are presented on a gross basis
in our consolidated statements of operations. 

Accounts Receivable   

All customers are granted credit on a short-term
basis and related credit risks are considered minimal. The Company routinely reviews its trade receivables and makes provisions
for probable doubtful accounts; however, those provisions are estimates and actual results could differ from those estimates and
those differences may be material. Trade receivables are deemed uncollectible and removed from accounts receivable and the allowance
for doubtful accounts when collection efforts have been exhausted. At December 31, 2015 no allowance for doubtful accounts was
necessary. At December 31, 2014 there were no accounts receivable. 

Inventories   

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
(using the first-in, first-out method) or market. Inventories consist primarily of kiosks that provide electronic ticketing for
transit systems. 

Concentration of Credit Risk   

The Company s financial instruments
that potentially expose the Company to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash and accounts receivable. The Company s
cash is deposited at financial institutions and cash balances held in US bank accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation ( FDIC ) up to $250,000. At various times during the year, the Company may have exceeded amounts insured
by the FDIC. At December 31, 2015, the Company held approximately $61,000 in cash not insured by the FDIC. For the Company s
Colombian subsidiaries, no amounts are insured. At December 31, 2015, the Company held approximately $42,000 in cash maintained
in Colombian banks. 

Revenues and accounts receivable: For the
year ending December 31, 2015, 68% of consolidated revenues were derived by one US customer, which is also a related party and
at December 31, 2015, 98% of consolidated accounts receivable are due to the Company by the same related party US customer. For
the year ending December 31, 2015, 32% of revenues were derived by the Company s Multipay subsidiary in Colombia. For the
year ending December 31, 2015, 61% of Multipay s revenues were derived by three customers. There were no accounts receivable
and revenues as of and for the year ending December 31, 2014. 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes under
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 740  Income
Taxes.     Under the asset and liability method of FASB ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under FASB
ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the
enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company
will not realize tax assets through future operations. 

Property and Equipment, net   

Property and equipment consist of furniture
and fixtures and computer equipment, and are stated at cost. Property and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method
over the estimated service lives of three to five years. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred and improvements are
capitalized. Gains or losses on the disposition of property and equipment are recorded upon disposal. Depreciation expense amounted
to $20,072 and $24,393 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Software Development Costs   

Research and development ( R D )
costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs of computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are subject to
capitalization beginning when a product s technological feasibility has been established and ending when a product is available
for general release to customers. In most instances, the Company s products are released soon after technological feasibility
has been established and as a result software development costs were expensed as incurred. 

Other Assets   

Other assets consist primarily of costs associated
with the hardware construction of HDR mobile biometric devises. As of December 31, 2015, the devices are still under construction
and have not been placed in service. Upon completion, the amounts will be recorded as property and equipment and depreciated over
their estimated useful lives. 

48   

Intangible Assets   

Excluding goodwill, acquired intangible assets
and internally developed software are amortized over their useful lives unless the lives are determined to be indefinite. Acquired
amortizing intangible assets are carried at cost, less accumulated amortization. Internally developed software costs are capitalized
upon reaching technological feasibility. Amortization of acquired finite-lived intangible assets is computed over the useful lives
of the respective assets. The Company amortizes intangible assets over a ten year period. Amortization of internally developed
software is amortized over a three-year period. Amortization expense amounted to $126,980 and $24,448 for the years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Stock-based compensation   

The Company has accounted for stock-based
compensation under the provisions of FASB ASC 718    Stock Compensation  which requires the use of the fair-value
based method to determine compensation for all arrangements under which employees and others receive shares of stock or equity
instruments (stock options and common stock purchase warrants). The fair value of each stock option award is estimated on the
date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model that uses assumptions for expected volatility, expected dividends, expected
term, and the risk-free interest rate. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of peer companies and other factors
estimated over the expected term of the stock options. The expected term of options granted is derived using the  simplified
method  which computes expected term as the average of the sum of the vesting term plus the contract term. The risk-free
rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the period of the expected term. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

Long-lived assets, including intangible assets,
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. 

If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds
its undiscounted estimated future cash flows, an impairment review is performed. An impairment charge is recognized in the amount
by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Generally, fair value is determined using valuation
techniques such as expected discounted cash flows or appraisals, as appropriate. Assets to be disposed of would be separately
presented in the balance sheet and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer
depreciated or amortized. The assets and liabilities of a disposed group classified as held for sale would be presented separately
in the appropriate asset and liability sections of the balance sheet. There were no impairment charges incurred during the years
ended December 31, 2015 or 2014. 

Research and Development Costs   

Research and development costs consist of
expenditures for the research and development of new products and technology. These costs are primarily expenses to vendors contracted
to perform research projects and develop technology for the Company's products.  Research and development costs are expensed
as incurred. 

Net Loss per Common Share   

The Company computes net loss per share in
accordance with FASB ASC 260,  Earnings per Share . ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings
per share (EPS) on the face of the statement of operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common
shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive
potential common shares outstanding during the period including stock options, using the treasury stock method, and convertible
notes and stock warrants, using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used
in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options, warrants and conversion of convertible
notes. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Derivative Instruments   

The Company accounts for derivatives through
the use of a fair value concept whereby all of the Company s derivative positions are stated at fair value in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. Due to the potential adjustment in the conversion price associated with certain of the convertible
debentures and the potential adjustment in the exercise price of certain of the warrants, the Company has determined that certain
of the conversion features and warrants are considered derivative liabilities. 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants   

The Company accounts for common stock purchase
warrants in accordance with ASC Topic 815- 40,  Derivatives and Hedging   Contracts in Entity s Own Equity 
( ASC 815-40 ). Based on the provisions of ASC 815- 40, the Company classifies as equity any contracts that (i) require
physical settlement or net-share settlement, or (ii) gives the Company a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in its own
shares (physical settlement or net-share settlement). The Company classifies as assets or liabilities any contracts that (i) require
net-cash settlement including a requirement to net cash settle the contract if an event occurs and if that event is outside the
control of the Company), or (ii) give the counterparty a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in shares (physical settlement
or net-share settlement). All outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2015 which did not contain down round anti-dilution provisions
(see Note 9) were classified as equity. 

49   

Goodwill   

Goodwill is recorded when the purchase price
paid for an acquisition exceeds the fair value of net identified tangible and intangible assets acquired. The Company performs
an annual impairment test of goodwill and further periodic tests to the extent indicators of impairment develop between annual
impairment tests. The Company s impairment review process compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying
value, including the goodwill related to the reporting unit. To determine the fair value of the reporting unit, the Company may
use various approaches including an asset or cost approach, market approach or income approach or any combination thereof. These
approaches may require the Company to make certain estimates and assumptions including future cash flows, revenue and expenses.
These estimates and assumptions are reviewed each time the Company tests goodwill for impairment and are typically developed as
part of the Company s routine business planning and forecasting process. While the Company believes its estimates and assumptions
are reasonable, variations from those estimates could produce materially different results. The Company did not recognize any
goodwill impairments in the year ended December 31, 2015. There was no goodwill in 2014. 

Business Combinations   

The Company recognizes, with certain exceptions,
100% of the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interests when the acquisition constitutes
a change in control of the acquired entity. Shares issued in consideration for a business combination, contingent consideration
arrangements and pre-acquisition loss and gain contingencies are all measured and recorded at their acquisition-date fair value.
Subsequent changes to fair value of contingent consideration arrangements are generally reflected in earnings. Any in-process
research and development assets acquired are capitalized as of the acquisition date. Acquisition-related transaction costs are
expensed as incurred and any changes in an acquirer s existing income tax valuation allowances and tax uncertainty accruals
are recorded as an adjustment to income tax expense. The operating results of entities acquired are included in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations from the date of acquisition (see Note 7). 

Foreign Currency Translation   

The assets, liabilities and results of operations
of certain of ID Global's subsidiaries are measured using their functional currency which is the currency of the primary foreign
economic environment in which they operate. Upon consolidating these subsidiaries with ID Global, their assets and liabilities
are translated to U.S. dollars at currency exchange rates as of the balance sheet dates and their revenues and expenses are translated
at the weighted average currency exchange rates during the applicable reporting periods. Translation adjustments resulting from
the process of translating these subsidiaries  financial statements are reported in other comprehensive income (loss) in
the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 

Fair Value Measurements   

ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements ,
requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.
ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to
measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level
of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used
to measure fair value: Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Level 2, inputs other than level one that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for identical or
similar assets or liabilities on markets that are not active; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no
market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. The Company has derivative liabilities required
to be recorded at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2015 or 2014. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The Company is required to disclose fair value
information about financial instruments when it is practicable to estimate that value. The carrying amounts of the Company s
cash, accounts receivable, other receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other current liabilities approximate their
estimated fair value due to the short-term maturities of these financial instruments and because related interest rates offered
to the Company approximate current rates. The fair value of the Company s convertible notes payable and promissory notes
payable are $1,038,095 and $2,100,000, respectively, which differs from the $383,346 and $537,400, respectively, carrying value
of the debt instruments at December 31, 2015 because of the significant debt discounts recorded as discussed in Notes 8 and 9. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes
nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when
promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects
to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing
so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing US GAAP.
The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein, using either of the
following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting
period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially
adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). Management of the Company
is currently evaluating the impact of its pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements and have not
yet determined the method by which it will adopt the standard in 2017. 

50   

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern.  This ASU amends ASC205-40. ASC 205-40 provided guidance about management s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
note disclosures. With the amendments made by ASU 2014-15, financial statement disclosures will be required when there is substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of considerations
of management s plans. The new standard provides management with principles for evaluating whether there is substantial
doubt by: providing a definition of substantial doubt, requiring an evaluation every reporting period (including interim periods),
providing principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, requiring certain disclosures when substantial
doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, requiring an express statement and other disclosures
when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and requiring an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments are effective for the annual period ending after December 15,
2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not
expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  ( ASU 2015-11 ), modifying the accounting for inventory. Under
ASU 2015-11, the measurement principle for inventory will change from lower of cost or market value to lower of cost and net realizable
value. ASU 2015-11 defines net realizable value as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is applicable to inventory that is accounted for under
the first-in, first-out method and is effective for reporting periods after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.
The Company has not yet determined the impact of adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)  ( ASU 2015-17 ). Currently US GAAP requires an entity to separate deferred income
tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments
under ASU 2015-17 will require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement
of financial position. The amendments in this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and
interim periods thereafter. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated
financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ) that will supersede current guidance related to accounting for leases.
The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease
liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The standard will be effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The standard is
required to be adopted using the modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact this
guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. ASU 2016-09
includes provisions to simplify certain aspects related to the accounting for share-based awards and the related financial statement
presentation. This ASU includes a requirement that the tax effect related to the settlement of share-based awards be recorded
in income tax benefit or expense in the statements of earnings. This change is required to be adopted prospectively in the period
of adoption. In addition, the ASU modifies the classification of certain share-based payment activities within the statements
of cash flows and these changes are required to be applied retrospectively to all periods presented, or in certain cases prospectively,
beginning in the period of adoption. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential
impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

51   

NOTE 2   STOCK OPTION GRANTS  

The ID Global Solutions
Corporation Equity Compensation Plan established on November 31, 2014 (the  2014 Plan ) covers 25,000,000 shares of
common stock. The 2014 Plan contains an  evergreen formula  pursuant to which the number of shares of common stock
available for issuance under the 2014 Plan will automatically increase on the first trading day of January each calendar year
during the term of the 2014 Plan, beginning with calendar year 2015, by an amount equal to 2% of the total number of shares of
common stock outstanding on the last trading day in December of the immediately preceding calendar year, up to a maximum annual
increase of 250,000 shares of common stock. The purpose of the 2014 Plan is to enable the Company to offer its employees, officers,
directors and consultants. The 2014 Plan is administered by our board of directors. Plan options may either be: 

incentive
                                         stock options (ISOs), 

non-qualified
                                         options (NSOs), 

awards of
                                         our common stock, or 

rights to
                                         make direct purchases of our common stock which may be subject to certain restrictions. 

The Company did not issue any securities under
the 2014 Plan during 2014. All securities issued under the 2014 Plan occurred during 2015. The Company has no other stock options
plans in effect as of December 31, 2015. 

The following is a summary of stock option activity: 

The exercise price for options outstanding and exercisable at December
31, 2015 is as follows: 

For options granted during 2015 where the
exercise price was greater than the stock price at the date of the grant, the weighted-average fair value of such options was $0.01
and the weighted-average exercise price of such options was $0.01.   For options granted during 2015 where the
exercise price was less than the stock price at the date of the grant, the weighted-average fair value of such options was $0.32
and the weighted-average exercise price of such options was $0.34.   No options were granted during 2015 where
the exercise price was equal to the stock price at the date of grant. 

The fair value of the stock options is being
amortized to stock based compensation expense over the vesting period. The Company recorded stock based compensation expense of
$6,320,114 during the year ended December 31, 2015, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying
statements of operations. At December 31, 2015, the unamortized stock option expense was $7,688,515 which will be amortized to
expense through March 31, 2019. There was no stock compensation for the year ending December 31, 2014. 

The assumptions used in calculating the fair
value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option- pricing model for options granted are as follows: 

52   

NOTE 3   INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET AND GOODWILL  

Intangible assets consist of the following: 

Intangible assets consist of legal and global
patent registration costs related to the Company s technology HDR (Handheld biometric mobile devices) and SRIO (Biometric
wallet devices). Intangible assets are amortized over ten years. 

Future amortization expense of
intangible assets for each of the years ended December 31 is as follows (in thousands): 

53   

NOTE 4   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

Property and equipment consisted of the following: 

In May 2014, the Company acquired an office
building, which was sold in December 2014 for $240,000. The Company recorded a loss on sale of the building of $71,616 in the
accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014 (Note 15). 

NOTE 5   OTHER ASSETS  

Other assets consist primarily of costs associated
with the construction of the HDR (Handheld Document Reader) mobile biometric devices, which consisted of the following as of : 

NOTE 6   ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES  

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consist
of the following: 

54   

NOTE 7   MULTIPAY ACQUISITION  

On April 6, 2015 (the  Closing Date ),
the Company and all of the shareholders (the  Multipay Shareholders ) of Multipay S.A., a Colombian corporation ( Multipay ),
closed (the  Closing ) on the Share Purchase Agreement entered into between the parties on March 6, 2015. As a result
of the Closing, the Company acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Multipay (the  Multipay Shares ) from
the Multipay Shareholders on a fully diluted basis. In consideration for the Multipay Shares, the Company agreed to issue to the
Multipay Shareholders up to an aggregate of 7,600,000 shares of common stock of the Company. Under the terms of the initial agreement,
within ten days of the Closing Date, the Company was required to issue 7,000,000 shares of common stock. Upon the Multipay Shareholders
paying certain liabilities in the approximate amount of $370,000, the Company was required to deliver the balance of 600,000 shares
of common stock to the Multipay Shareholders. In the event the Multipay Shareholders do not pay the entire amount of the certain
liabilities by the 12-month anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company will not be required to deliver the remaining shares
of common stock. On May 7, 2015, the Company and Multipay executed an amendment to the Share Purchase Agreement to 1) amend the
number of shares to be issued within ten days of the Closing Date from 7,000,000 shares to 6,101,517 shares; and 2) to amend the
balance of shares to be delivered from 600,000 shares to 1,498,483 shares, upon the payment of certain liabilities by the Multipay
Shareholders. The payment of these shares has been extended by six months to November 7, 2016. The 6,101,517 shares were issued
on May 18, 2015. The Company has recorded a contingent liability of approximately $370,000 because of the contingency of the shares
to be issued and debt to be released upon the payment of certain liabilities by the Multipay Shareholders. 

In accordance with ASC 805,  Business
Combinations,  the Company accounted for the acquisition of Multipay as a business combination using the acquisition method
of accounting. The purchase price was allocated to specific identifiable tangible and intangible assets at their respective fair
values at the date of the acquisition. 

The following table summarizes the total fair
value of consideration transferred as well as the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 

Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the
consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the expected revenue and cost synergies of the combined
company, which are further described above. Goodwill recognized as a result of the acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes.
See Notes 1 and 3 for additional information about goodwill and other intangible assets. The recognized goodwill related to MultiPay
is directly attributable to its payment gateway platform.  

As noted above, control was obtained on April
6, 2015, pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement at which time the management of IDGS took over the operations of MultiPay. Control
was achieved with IDGS personnel in Colombia and a restructuring of the reporting hierarchy to IDGS management. 

55   

The activity for Goodwill during the year
ended December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

The Company s consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 include Multipay s results of operations from the acquisition date through
December 31, 2015. Net revenues and operating loss attributable to Multipay during this period and included in the Company s
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 total $229,597 and $659,524, respectively. 

The following unaudited pro forma information
gives effect to the Company s acquisition of Multipay as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2014 and had been
included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the years 2015 and 2014. 

NOTE 8 - PROMISSORY NOTES PAYABLE  

Note Payable - MultiPay  

In connection with the MultiPay Acquisition
(Note 6), the Company assumed three promissory notes amounting to approximately $273,000. During the period from the Closing Date
to December 31, 2015, the Company paid in full one of the three promissory notes amounting to approximately $85,000. At December
31, 2015, the remaining outstanding note carried an outstanding balance of $96,669. Payments of $6,300 including principal and
interest are due monthly. The Interest at December 31, 2015 is 15.47% per annum. Total outstanding principal and interest is due
on September 16, 2017 (the  Maturity Date ). 

Notes Payable  

The following is a summary of the notes payable,
excluding MultiPay note payable described above, outstanding as of December 31, 2015: 

(a) In August 2015, the Company entered into
an agreement with an accredited investor, whereby the Company issued a 12% note for $27,000 in a private offering and is secured
by the assets of the Company. The notes have the following principal terms: 

The
                                         principal amount of the notes shall be repaid within 12 months of the issuance date at
                                         a 12% interest rate;    

The
                                         note holder may convert the accrued interest of his note into shares of the Company s
                                         common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share;  

56   

In
                                         connection with the issuance of these notes, the Company also issued warrants for the
                                         purchase of 180,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of
                                         $0.15 per share for a period of five years.    

(b) In September 2015, the Company entered
into an agreement with seven accredited investors, whereby the Company issued separate 12% notes for $973,000 in a private offering
and is secured by the assets of the Company. The notes have the following principal terms: 

The
                                         principal amount of the notes shall be repaid within 12 months of the issuance date at
                                         a 12% interest rate;    

The
                                         note holder may convert the accrued interest of his note into shares of the Company s
                                         common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share;    

In
                                         connection with the issuance of the notes, the Company also issued warrants for the purchase
                                         of 6,486,667 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.15
                                         per share for a period of five years.    

(c) On September 4, 2015, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement with a director of the Company, pursuant to which the director invested $100,000 into the
Company in consideration of a Secured Promissory Note (the  Director Note ) and a common stock purchase warrant to acquire
an aggregate of 250,000 shares of common stock exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of $0.40. The Director
Note bears interest of 10%, is payable on the earlier of the Company closing a financing in excess of $1,000,000 or on September
19, 2016. The Director Note contains standard default terms and is secured by all assets of the Company. In the event the Company
defaults under the Director Note, the Company is required to issue the director an additional common stock purchase warrant to
acquire 666,667 shares of common stock at $0.15 per share. 

(d) In October 2015, the Company entered into
an agreement with four accredited investors, whereby the Company issued separate 12% notes for $225,000 in a private offering
and is secured by the assets of the Company. The notes have the following principal terms: 

The
                                         principal amount of the notes shall be repaid within 12 months of the issuance date at
                                         a 12% interest rate;    

The
                                         note holder may convert the accrued interest of his note into shares of the Company s
                                         common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share;    

In
                                         connection with the issuance of the notes, the Company also issued warrants for the purchase
                                         of 1,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.15
                                         per share for a period of five years.    

(e) In November 2015, the
Company entered into an agreement with an accredited investor, whereby the Company issued a 12% note for $25,000 in a private
offering and is secured by the assets of the Company. The notes have the following principal terms: 

The
                                         principal amount of the notes shall be repaid within 12 months of the issuance date at
                                         a 12% interest rate;    

The
                                         note holder may convert the accrued interest of his note into shares of the Company s
                                         common stock at a conversion price of $0.10 per share;  

In
                                         connection with the issuance of these notes, the Company also issued warrants for the
                                         purchase of 166,667 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of
                                         $0.15 per share for a period of five years.  

(f) In December 2015, the Company entered
into an agreement with three accredited investors, whereby the Company issued separate 12% notes for $850,000 in a private offering
and is secured by the assets of the Company. The notes have the following principal terms: 

The
                                         principal amount of the notes shall be repaid within 12 months of the issuance date at
                                         a 12% interest rate;    

The
                                         note holder may convert the accrued interest of his note into shares of the Company s
                                         common stock at a conversion price of $0.48 per share; however, if certain conditions
                                         are met, such as the issuance of new securities at a lower price, the conversion price
                                         per share will be adjusted downward to 120% of the price of the newly issued securities;    

In
                                         connection with the issuance of the notes, the Company also issued warrants for the purchase
                                         of 1,770,834 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.48
                                         per share for a period of five years; however, if certain conditions are met, such as
                                         the issuance of new securities at a lower price, the conversion price per share will
                                         be adjusted downward to 120% of the price of the newly issued securities.    

57   

Maturities of notes payable at December 31,
2015 are as follows: 

Certain of the warrants qualified for equity
accounting and were recorded based on their relative fair value with that of the related debt. However, certain of the warrants
did not qualify for equity accounting because their exercise price is reduced if common stock or instruments which are convertible/exercisable
into common stock are later issued at a price less than the exercise prices of the warrants discussed in this Note 8 ( down
round features ). Accordingly, those warrants have been recorded as derivative liabilities (see Note 10). 

The assumptions used in calculating the fair
value of warrants accounted for as equity has been estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for warrants granted
during the year ended December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

The fair value of the warrants accounted for
as derivative liabilities have been estimated based on the Monte Carlo Simulation Model because it considers the effect of the
down round feature (probability of a triggering capital raise) along with the other assumptions associated with the Black-Scholes
option pricing model. The underlying assumptions used in the valuation of the derivative liabilities are included in Note 10. 

A summary of the proceeds of the notes payable
and a reconciliation of those proceeds to the note balances at December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

58   

NOTE 9   CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE
AND DERIVATIVE LIABILITY  

The following is a summary of the convertible
notes payable outstanding as of December 31, 2015: 

(a) In June 2015, the Company entered into
agreements with nine individual accredited investors, whereby the Company issued separate 10% convertible notes for a total of
$700,000 in a private offering and is secured by the assets of the Company. The notes have the following principal terms: 

The
                                         principal amount of the notes shall be repaid within 12 months of the issuance date at
                                         a 10% interest rate;    

The
                                         note holder may convert his or her note into shares of the Company s common stock
                                         at a conversion price of $0.03 per share; however, if certain conditions are met, such
                                         as the issuance of new securities at a lower price, the conversion price per share will
                                         be adjusted downward to the price of the newly issued securities;    

In
                                         connection with the issuance of these notes, the Company also issued warrants for the
                                         purchase of 15,400,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price
                                         of $0.05 per share for a period of five years; however, if certain conditions are met,
                                         such as the issuance of new securities at a lower price, the conversion price per share
                                         will be adjusted downward to the price of the newly issued securities.    

(b) In July 2015, the Company entered into
agreements with eight individual accredited investors, whereby the Company issued separate 10% convertible notes for a total of
$190,000 in a private offering and is secured by the assets of the Company. The notes have the following principal terms: 

The
                                         principal amount of the notes shall be repaid within 12 months of the issuance date at
                                         a 10% interest rate;    

The
                                         note holder may convert his or her note into shares of the Company s common stock
                                         at a conversion ranging from $0.03 to $0.055 per share; however, if certain conditions
                                         are met, such as the issuance of new securities at a lower price, the conversion price
                                         per share will be adjusted downward to the price of the newly issued securities;    

In
                                         connection with the issuance of these notes, the Company also issued warrants for the
                                         purchase of 4,180,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price
                                         of $0.05 per share for a period of five years; however, if certain conditions are met,
                                         such as the issuance of new securities at a lower price, the conversion price per share
                                         will be adjusted downward to the price of the newly issued securities.    

In December 2015, one of these notes with
a principal balance of $24,000 was converted to shares of common stock. 

(c) On September 25, 2015, the Company entered
into a Letter Agreement with ID Solutions Inc. ( ID Solutions ) pursuant to which the parties agreed to settle a loan
previously made to the Company by ID Solutions in the current amount $172,095, including principal and interest, in consideration
of the issuance by the Company to ID Solutions of a 12% Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $172,095 and a common stock
purchase warrant to purchase 1,146,667 shares of common stock for a period of five years at an exercise price of $0.15. The note
bears interest of 12%, is payable on September 25, 2016. ID Solutions may elect to convert all or part of the principal amount
of the note plus interest into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion rate of $0.10 per share. An officer and director
of the Company is also a principal shareholder, executive officer and director of ID Solutions. At December 31, 2015, the outstanding
amount due under this note is $172,095. 

59   

In addition, in May 2015, the Company issued
two convertible notes to officers and directors of the Company for $150,000 which were subsequently converted to common stock
when the notes matured in September 2015. The notes accrued interest at 10% until the date the note was converted. The notes were
convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.055 per share. The Company also issued warrants to purchase
4,090,909 shares of common stock, exercisable at $0.055 per share for a period of up to five years from the notes original issuance
date. Both the notes and the related warrants contained provisions whereby the conversion/exercise price would be adjusted downward
if certain conditions were met, such as the issuance of new securities at a lower price. 

The balance of all convertible notes payable
outstanding as of December 31, 2015 mature in 2016. 

Certain of the warrants qualified for equity
accounting and were recorded based on their relative fair value with that of the related debt. However, certain of the warrants
and conversion features did not qualify for equity accounting because their exercise or conversion price is reduced if common
stock or instruments which are convertible/exercisable into common stock are later issued at a price less than the exercise prices
of the warrants or conversion price of debt discussed in this Note 9 ( down round features ). Accordingly, those warrants
and conversion features have been recorded as derivative liabilities (see Note 10). 

The assumptions used in calculating the fair
value of warrants accounted for as equity has been estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for warrants granted
during the year ended December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

The fair value of the warrants accounted for as derivative
liabilities have been estimated based on the Monte Carlo Simulation Model because it considers the effect of the down round feature
(probability of a triggering capital raise) along with the other assumptions associated with the Black-Scholes option pricing
model. The underlying assumptions used in the valuation of the derivative liabilities are included in Note 10. 

A summary of the proceeds of the convertible
notes payable and a reconciliation of those proceeds to the convertible notes balances at December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

NOTE 10   DERIVATIVE LIABILITY  

Due to the potential adjustment in the conversion
price associated with certain of the convertible debentures and the potential adjustment in the exercise price of certain of the
warrants (see Notes 8 and 9), the Company has determined that certain conversion features and warrants are derivative liabilities. 

Derivative liabilities at December 31, 2015
consist of the following: 

60   

As discussed in Notes 8 and 9, the fair value
of the derivative liabilities are measured based upon the Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo Simulation Models. These models involve
the use of significant inputs that are both observable and unobservable in the market and therefore is considered a Level 3 fair
value measurement. Observable inputs include market quotes, current interest rates, benchmark yield curves. The Company has a
relatively short history since inception, lack of comparable companies of the same size in the same industry and its history of
losses. Accordingly, the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement relate to volatility, quoted prices
of securities with similar characteristics and historical dividends. 

The ranges of assumptions utilized in estimating
the fair value of the derivative liabilities related to the conversion features and warrants on the dates of issuance, settlement,
and at December 31, 2015, are as follows: 

A summary of derivative activity for the year
ended December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

NOTE 11   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Revenues.   During the year ended
December 31, 2015, the Company entered into a consulting and management agreement with ID Solutions, Inc., which is a related
party. Certain members of the Company s Board of Directors are also members of the Board for ID Solutions, Inc. Total revenues
for the year ending December 31, 2015 amounted to $500,000. There were no related party revenues for the year ending December
31, 2014. 

Notes
Payable.    On September 4, 2015, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with a director of the
Company, pursuant to which the director advanced $100,000 into the Company in consideration of a Secured Promissory Note (the
 Director Note ) and a common stock purchase warrant to acquire an aggregate of 250,000 shares of common stock exercisable
for a period of five years at an exercise price of $0.40. The Company repaid the $100,000 by the end of September 2015 (Note 8). 

Convertible Notes Payable.   As
of December 31, 2015, the Company has outstanding amounts due via convertible notes payable to certain members of the Company s
Board of Directors. Total amounts due to these related parties amounted to $172,095 at December 31, 2015. Refer to Note 9 for
terms of this convertible notes payable. 

61   

Other.   In connection with
the Company s ability to secure third-party financing, the Company paid Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc.
( Network 1 ), a registered broker-dealer, cash fees and reimbursement of expenses totaling $294,400, and issued
Network 9,946,667 shares of common stock of the Company in accordance with its agreement. A member of the Company s
Board of Directors previously maintained a partnership with a key principal of Network 1. In addition to the cash fee paid,
the agreement calls for Network 1 to receive an 8% commission of the total amount of proceeds from any financing it secures
for the Company. The proceeds are paid directly to Network 1 prior to the Company receiving the loans proceeds and amounted
to $296,400 for the year ending December 31, 2015. These costs incurred to secure third party financing are included as
deferred debt issuance costs and are presented within convertible notes payable, net and notes payable, net, in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

NOTE 12     STOCKHOLDER S
EQUITY  

On August 24, 2015, the Company amended its
certificate of incorporation to increase the number of its authorized shares of common stock from 300,000,000 shares to 500,000,000
shares. The Company had 187,854,139 and 163,538,289 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
In addition, the Company authorized 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 

2015 Transactions:  

In connection with the acquisition of MultiPay
and in consideration of the purchased assets, the Company issued 6,101,517 shares of common stock in May 2015 valued at $860,491
(Note 7). In addition, the Company has reserved an additional 1,498,483 shares of common stock to be issued upon the MultiPay
Shareholder s payment of certain contingent liabilities amounting to $370,125. 

In separate transactions occurring from September
through December 2015, holders of convertible notes payable converted an aggregate $174,000 principal into 6,040,166 shares of
the Company s common stock. 

During 2015, the Company issued 12,174,167
shares of common stock for consulting, legal, and other services valued at an aggregate of $856,150. 

2014 Transactions:  

In separate transactions occurring in 2014,
holders of notes payable converted an aggregate $1,165,675 of principal and accrued interest into 2,915,000 shares of the Company s
common stock. 

Warrants:  

A summary of the warrant activity during the year ended December
31, 2015 is presented below: 

NOTE 13     INCOME TAXES  

For 2015 there is no provision for income
tax as the Company had a tax loss for United States and Foreign activities. 

62   

The Components of deferred tax assets and
liabilities are as follows: 

As of December 31, 2015, the Company
has available federal net operating loss carry forward of $2.9 million, state net operating loss carry of $2.9 million and
various foreign net operating loss carry forwards, the most significant of which expire from 2020 through 2035. 

The Company assess the recoverability of its
net operating loss carry forwards and other deferred tax assets and records a valuation allowance to the extent recoverability
does not satisfy the  more likely than not  recognition criteria. The Company continues to maintain the valuation
allowance until sufficient positive evidence exists to support full or partial reversal. As of December 31, 2015 the Company had
a valuation allowance totaling $2.6 million against its deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, due to insufficient
positive evidence, primarily consisting of losses within the taxing jurisdictions that have tax attributes and deferred tax assets. 

The table below shows reconciliation from
the U.S. Federal statutory income rate of 34.0% to the effective income tax rate: 

63   

NOTE 14     COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES  

Operating Leases   

On December 19, 2014 at the closing of the
sale of the Company s office building (Note 4), the Company entered into a 12 month lease for office facilities at a monthly
rate of $3,000, with an option to extend the lease term an additional 12 months for $3,300 per month. The monthly payments include
all taxes and building maintenance charges. The Company extended its lease in 2015 and must notify the landlord of its intention
to extend the lease for an additional 12 months by no later than October 31, 2016. 

In addition, the Company has three operating
leases for its office locations in Colombia. The leases are for terms of 12 months expiring on dates ranging from March 31, 2016
to October 31, 2016. The monthly payments for the three leases are approximately $5,700. 

Rent expense for the years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014 was approximately $73,000 and $15,000, respectively, and is included in general and administrative expenses
on the consolidated statements of operations. 

The approximate minimum lease payments due
under noncancelable operating leases through December 31, 2016 is approximately $74,000. The Company has no leases in effect that
are for a term greater than one year. 

Executive Compensation   

In February 2014 the Company executed a new
Employment Agreement with David Jones, President and CEO of the Company, at an annual salary of $60,000 per year and to include
all benefits as offered to any other employee at the time. Effective August 25, 2014, David Jones resigned as the President and
CEO. 

In February 2014 the Company hired Thomas
Szoke and Douglas Solomon to join the company as acting Chief Technology Officer and Chief Operating Officer respectively, at
an annual rate of $60,000 per year to include all benefits as offered to any other employee at the time. Votes will be taken at
the next full Board of Directors meeting for the appointment of each to the post permanently. 

On July 1, 2014, the Company officers agreed
to adjust their total compensation to $1 per year and will not receive any other benefits or other forms of compensation. 

Effective December 19, 2014, the Company entered
into a three year employment agreement with Thomas Szoke to be the Company s President and CEO. The agreement provides for
an annual base salary of $275,000, along with a signing bonus equivalent to 3 months base salary. The agreement also provides
for future bonuses, stock options and other benefits to be granted at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

Effective December 19, 2014, the Company entered
into a three year employment agreement with Douglas Solomon to be the Company s Chairman and COO. The agreement provides
for an annual base salary of $250,000, along with a signing bonus equivalent to 3 months base salary. The agreement also provides
for future bonuses, stock options and other benefits to be granted at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

Legal Matters   

From time to time, claims are made against
the Company in the ordinary course of business, which could result in litigation. Claims and associated litigation are subject
to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable outcomes could occur, such as monetary damages, fines, penalties or injunctions prohibiting
the Company from selling one or more products or engaging in other activities. The occurrence of an unfavorable outcome in any
specific period could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations for that period or future periods.
The Company is not presently a party to any pending or threatened legal proceedings. 

NOTE 15     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On February 9, 2016, the Company entered into
a Share Exchange Agreement with Fin Holdings, Inc., a Florida corporation ( FIN ), a related party via common management
and partial common ownership, and all of the FIN shareholders (the  FIN Shareholders ), pursuant to which the Company
agreed to acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of FIN (the  FIN Shares ) and FIN's two wholly-owned subsidiaries,
ID Solutions, Inc. and Cards Plus Pty Ltd. (collectively, the  Subsidiaries ), from the FIN Shareholders. In consideration
for the FIN Shares, the Company will issue and sell to the FIN Shareholders an aggregate of 22,500,000 shares of common stock
of the Company (the  Purchase Shares ) at a per share price of $0.40 or $9,000,000 in shares of common stock of the
Company. The closing occurred on February 8, 2016. 

On April 19, 2016, the Company entered into
and closed Securities Purchase Agreements with several accredited investors (the  April 2016 Accredited Investors )
pursuant to which the April 2016 Accredited Investors invested an aggregate of $1,550,000 into the Company in consideration of
Secured Convertible Debentures and common stock purchase warrants to acquire an aggregate of 6,200,000 shares of common stock
exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of $0.25 subject to antidilution protection. However, the exercise
price shall be adjusted to equal the conversion price or the per share purchase price of Company's next offering in the minimum
amount of $5,000,000 if such price is less than $0.25 (the  Adjustment Price ) and the number of shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants shall be adjusted to equal the consideration paid by the April 2016 Accredited Investors
by the Adjustment Price. The Secured Convertible Debentures bear interest of 12% and are payable on the six (6) month anniversary
of the Secured Convertible Debentures. The Secured Convertible Debentures are convertible into shares of common stock at $0.25
per share subject to ant dilution protection. The conversion price shall be adjusted to equal the Adjustment Price less a 20%
discount if such Adjustment Price is less than $0.25 per share. The Secured Convertible Debentures are secured by 18,235,295 issued
and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company held by certain shareholders of the Company (the  Pledgors ) pursuant
to stock pledge agreements entered into between the April 2016 Accredited Investors and the Pledgors. Each of the April 2016 Accredited
Investors have individually agreed to restrict their ability to convert the Secured Convertible Debentures or exercise their
Common Stock Purchase Warrants and receive shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by
them and their affiliates after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 4.99% of the then issued and outstanding
shares of common stock. 

64   

The following are overviews of the FIN
subsidiaries:  

ID Solutions, Inc.   

ID Solutions, Inc. s focus is on the
Biometric Integrity Solutions market and is a tier one AFIS (Automates Fingerprints Identification System) provider with 15 years
of proven technology, experience and market presence. ID Solutions maintains proprietary fingerprint matching algorithms and ranks
among the top five companies in NIST and MINEX (a US Government Test Standards Program) in competitive testing for accuracy and
speed of fingerprint matching algorithms. The company's technology platform has been developed for maximum scalability and reliability
and its products offer a full portfolio of software elements and solutions for enrollment, verification, 1:1, 1: few and 1: N
backend matching. The company has also developed a robust middleware solution capable of providing complete civil AFIS functionality
for Electoral, National Registry and other government fingerprint solutions. The company's middleware solution also offers the
flexibility to implement these AFIS solutions utilizing transaction-billing methodology. This system can provide full audit reports
and subsequent billing on transactions run through its system. 

Cards Plus Pty Ltd.   

Cards Plus Pty Ltd. is a complete card production
and personalization facility for plastic loyalty, ID and other types of cards. The company utilizes the latest digital printing
technology from Hewlett Packard and has a capacity to produce approximately 180,000 cards per day. The company also uses and resells
desktop personalization machines and consumables from Matica, NBS Technologies and Data-card and is continually looking to expand
and broaden its product offering. 

The Subsidiaries generate an aggregate average annual revenue of
approximately $2,000,000. 

On April 19, 2016, the Company entered
into and closed on several Securities Purchase Agreements with accredited investors (the  April 2016 Accredited Investors )
pursuant to which the Company borrowed an aggregate of $1,550,000 in consideration of Secured Convertible Debentures and common
stock purchase warrants to acquire an aggregate of 6,200,000 shares of common stock exercisable for a period of five years at an
exercise price of $0.25 subject to antidilution protection. However, the exercise price shall be adjusted to equal the conversion
price or the per share purchase price of Company's next offering in the minimum amount of $5,000,000 if such price is less than
$0.25 (the  Adjustment Price ) and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants shall
be adjusted to equal the consideration paid by the April 2016 Accredited Investors by the Adjustment Price. The Secured Convertible
Debentures bear interest of 12% and are payable on the six (6) month anniversary of the Secured Convertible Debentures. The Secured
Convertible Debentures are convertible into shares of common stock at $0.25 per share subject to antidilution protection. The conversion
price shall be adjusted to equal the Adjustment Price less a 20% discount if such Adjustment Price is less than $0.25 per share.
The Secured Convertible Debentures are secured by 18,235,295 issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company held
by certain shareholders of the Company (the  Pledgors ) pursuant to stock pledge agreements entered into between the
April 2016 Accredited Investors and the Pledgors. Each of the April 2016 Accredited Investors have individually agreed to restrict
their ability to convert the Secured Convertible Debentures or exercise their Common Stock Purchase Warrants and receive shares
of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by them and their affiliates after such conversion or exercise
does not exceed 4.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. In connection with this private offering, the
Company paid Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc., a registered broker-dealer, a cash fee of $124,000 and issued 496,000 shares
of common stock of the Company (See Note 11). On August 10, 2016, the Company and the April 2016 Accredited Investors entered into
a Letter Agreement whereby the conversion price of the Secured Convertible Debentures was reduced to $0.10 in consideration of
the removal of certain price protection features in such Secured Convertible Debentures. Further, the exercise price of such Common
Stock Purchase Warrant was reduced to $0.10 per share and the number of shares upon exercise of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
was increased to 15,500,000. The Company is negotiating with the remaining April 2016 Accredited Investors to either extend the
repayment terms of the Secured Convertible Debentures or convert the amounts to common stock. 

On August 10, 2016 through August 26, 2016,
the Company entered into and closed Subscription Agreements with several accredited investors (the  August 2016 Accredited
Investors ) pursuant to which the August 2016 Accredited Investors purchased an aggregate of 25,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock (the  2016 Subscription Shares ) for an aggregate purchase price of $1,250,000. In order to reduce the
dilution as a result of this private offering, certain shareholders of the Company including the Chief Executive Officer, directors
and others agreed to return to the Company 10,000,000 shares of common stock in the aggregate for cancellation. In connection with
this private offering, the Company paid Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc., a registered broker-dealer, a cash fee of $100,000
and issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company (See Note 11). 

On August 10, 2016, the Company issued
to several of its employees and consultants stock options (the  Plan Options ) under its Equity Compensation Plan to
acquire an aggregate of 17,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company exercisable at $0.05 per share. The Plan Options contain
vesting periods of 12 quarters commencing on October 1, 2016 as well as various vesting milestones. The Plan Options are exercisable
for a period of ten years. Further, the Company amended existing stock options to acquire 50,800,000 shares of common stock under
its Equity Compensation Plan to extend the term from five years to 10 years. 

On August 10, 2016, the Company entered
into an amended agreement (the  Amendment ) with Parity Labs, LLC ( Parity ) to amend the compensation section
of an existing Advisory Agreement previously entered into between the Company and Parity on November 16, 2015 for the provision
of strategic advisory services. The Amendment calls for the Company to issue to Parity the option (the  Parity Option )
to acquire 20,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company, exercisable at $0.05 per share for a period of ten years. The Parity
Option vests as to 10,000,000 shares of common stock immediately and then in 12 equal tranches of 833,333 shares per month commencing
on September 1, 2016. 

NOTE 16   2015 QUARTERLY RESTATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)  

March 31, 2015 Restatement  

During the preparation of
its consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015,  the
Company determined that previously capitalized software should have been expensed during the three months ended March 31,
2015 in accordance with US GAAP. Accordingly, a reduction of $200,000 to Intangible Assets and an increase to Research
and Development Expenses has  been made as of March 31, 2015 and for the three months then ended, as follows:  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet:  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations:  

Second Quarter 2015 Restatement  

During the preparation of
its consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company determined it had previously
used incorrect valuations for the fair value of intangible assets acquired, derivative liabilities and stock options issued
for compensation. In addition, the Company previously incorrectly recorded certain costs related to the issuance of
its convertible and other notes payable as general and administrative expenses, and as discussed above related to the
quarter ended March 31, 2015, the Company determined that previously capitalized internal use software should be expensed
in accordance with US GAAP. The Company has adjusted those intangible assets, derivative liabilities and compensation related
to stock options using correct valuations. In addition and in accordance with US GAAP, the Company has now capitalized
the costs related to the issuance of its convertible and other notes payable as debt issuance costs as a reduction of
the debt principal and expensed the previously capitalized internal use software costs. The following summarizes the
adjustments made to the Company s previously reported amounts as of June 30, 2015 and for the three and six months then
ended. 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet:  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations:  

(1)      Fair Value of Intangible Assets In Connection with Business Acquisition.   During
                                                                          the three months ended June 30, 2015, the Company accounted for the acquisition of Multipay (see Note 7) as a business
                                                                          combination                                                                           using
                                                                          the                                                                                                          acquisition
                                                                          method                                                                           of
                                                                          accounting                                                                                                        utilizing
                                                                          an                                                                           incorrect valuation. The adjustment to reflect the correct valuation, including the purchase price allocation of assets acquired,
                                                                          resulted in                                                                           an
                                                                          increase                                                                                                                 of
                                                                          $166,689                                                                                to
                                                                          Goodwill, $200,986                                                                                                       to
                                                                          Intangible Assets (net of $32,549 additional amortization) and
                                                                          $370,125 to                                                                           Contingent
                                                                          Purchase Consideration as of June 30,                                                                           2015. In
                                                                          addition,
                                                                          certain previously reported contingent assets and liabilities of $149,848 were eliminated.   

(2)      Intangible Assets Capitalized Software.   As previously discussed, related
                                                                          to the quarter ended March 31, 2015, the Company determined that previously capitalized software should have been expensed in
                                                                          accordance with US GAAP. Accordingly, a reduction of $200,000 to Intangible Assets and an increase to Research and
                                                                          Development Expenses is made as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2015. The net increase to Intangible Assets, after
                                                                          considering the increase of $200,986 related to the Multipay acquisition in (1) above and the reduction due to the software
                                                                          incorrectly being capitalized of $200,000 is $986 as of June 30, 2015.   

(3)      Derivative Liability.   As described in Notes 9 and 10, at December 31, 2015,
                                                                          the                                                                           fair value of the derivative liabilities
                                                                          related to convertible and other notes                                                                           payable
                                                                          have                                                                           now been estimated based
                                                                          on                                                                                               the Monte Carlo Simulation
                                                                          Model because                                                                           it considers the effect of the down
                                                                          round feature (probability of a triggering capital raise) along with the
                                                                          other assumptions associated with the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The previously used methodology by the Company
                                                                          incorrectly did not take into consideration the probability of a financing at a price that would trigger the instruments
                                                                          down                                                                           round provision.
                                                                          The adjusted                                                                                                            fair
                                                                          value of                                                                                 the
                                                                          Company s                                                                                                derivatives
                                                                          associated with its                                                                           Convertible and
                                                                          other Notes Payable                                                                                 resulted in a decrease
                                                                          of                                                                                      $907,123 to the Derivative Liability
                                                                          as of June
                                                                          30,                                                                           2015. For the three and six months ended June
                                                                          30, 2015, the
                                                                          Company s derivative expense is reduced by $815,021. In addition, the finalized fair value analysis of the
                                                                          Company s derivatives associated with its Convertible and other Notes Payable required a
                                                                          reduction to the previously recorded Debt Discount  and interest expense by $45,685 for the three and six months ended
                                                                          June 30,                                                                           2015.   

(4)      Stock-Based Compensation.   The adjusted fair value of the Company s stock-based
compensation resulted in an increase to general and administrative expenses of $13,656 for the three and six months ended June
30, 2015.   

(5)      Debt Issuance Costs.   The capitalization of debt issuance costs as a reduction
                                                                          of the debt principal resulted in a reduction to convertible notes payable of $60,000 and a corresponding decrease to
                                                                          general                                                                           and administrative for the three and six
                                                                          months ended June 30, 2015. The decrease to General and Administrative expenses,
                                                                          after considering the increase of $13,656 related to stock-based compensation in (4) above and the capitalization of debt
                                                                          issuance                                                                           costs of $60,000 is $46,344 for the three
                                                                          and six months ended June 30, 2015.   

(6)      Reclassifications.   During the preparation of its consolidated financial
                                                                          statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company changed or renamed the classification/description of certain
                                                                          accounts and related amounts. Accordingly, certain of the previously stated classifications/descriptions and related amounts
                                                                          required adjustment  for the three and six months ended June 30, 2015. The reclassifications and description changes
                                                                          relate to General and Administrative and Interest expenses associated with the recording of the Debt Discount
                                                                          amortization.   

Third Quarter 2015 Restatement  

During the preparation of its
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company determined it had previously used
incorrect valuations for the fair value of intangible assets acquired, derivative liabilities, and stock options issued for
compensation. In addition, the Company previously incorrectly recorded certain costs related to the issuance of its
convertible and other notes payable as general and administrative expenses, and as discussed above, related to the
quarter ended March 31, 2015, the Company determined that previously capitalized software should be expensed in accordance
with US GAAP. The Company has adjusted those intangible assets, derivative liabilities, and compensation related to stock
options using correct valuations. In addition and in accordance with US GAAP, the Company has now capitalized the costs
related to the issuance of its convertible and other notes payable as debt issuance costs and expensed the previously
capitalized software costs. The following summarizes the adjustments made to the Company s previously reported amounts
as of September 30, 2015 and for the three and nine months then ended. 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet:  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations:  

(1)      Fair Value of Intangible Assets In Connection with Business Acquisition.   
                                                                          During the three months ended June 30, 2015, the Company accounted for the acquisition of Multipay (see Note 7) as a
                                                                          business                                                                           combination
                                                                          using                                                                                                          the
                                                                          acquisition                                                                           method of
                                                                          accounting utilizing an                                                                                        incorrect valuation.
                                                                          The adjustment to reflect the correct valuation, including the purchase price allocation of assets acquired,
                                                                          resulted in an                                                                           increase
                                                                          of                                                                                                           $138,336 to
                                                                          Goodwill, $168,438 to Intangible                                                                           Assets
                                                                          (net of additional amortization) and $370,125 to Contingent Purchase Consideration as of September 30,
                                                                          2015. In addition, certain previously reported contingent assets and liabilities of $87,941 were eliminated. The increase to
                                                                          Intangible Assets required an increase in previously reported amortization expense by $32,549 and $65,098 for the three and
                                                                          nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.   

(2)      Intangible Assets Capitalized Software.   As previously discussed, related
                                                                          to the quarter ended March 31, 2015, the Company determined that previously capitalized software should have been expensed
                                                                          in                                                                           accordance with US GAAP. Accordingly, a
                                                                          reduction of $200,000 to Intangible Assets and an increase to Research and
                                                                          Development Expenses is made as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net decrease to Intangible Assets,
                                                                          after considering the increase of $168,438 related to the Multipay acquisition in (1) above and the reduction due to the
                                                                          internal                                                                           use software incorrectly being capitalized
                                                                          of $200,000 is $31,562 as of September 30, 2015.   

(3)      Derivative Liability.   As described in Notes 9 and 10, at December 31, 2015,
                                                                          the                                                                           fair value of
                                                                          derivative liabilities related to convertible and other notes payable, have now been
                                                                          estimated based                                                                           on the
                                                                          Monte Carlo                                                                                                  Simulation
                                                                          Model                                                                           because it considers
                                                                          the effect of                                                                                         the down round feature
                                                                          (probability of a triggering capital raise) along
                                                                          with the other assumptions associated with the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The previously used methodology by the
                                                                          Company incorrectly did not take into consideration the probability of a financing at a price that would trigger the instruments
                                                                          down                                                                           round provision. The adjusted fair value of the
                                                                          Company s  derivatives associated with its Convertible Notes and other Notes Payable resulted in an
                                                                          increase of $1,545,232 to the Derivative Liability as of September 30, 2015. For the three and nine months ended September
                                                                          30, 2015, the Company s derivative expense is increased by $3,767,837 and $6,132,939, respectively. In addition, the
                                                                          finalized fair value analysis of the Company s embedded derivatives associated with its Convertible and other Notes
                                                                          Payable required a reduction to                                                                           the
                                                                          previously recorded Debt Discount which resulted in an increase (decrease)
                                                                          of interest expense of $11,919 and $(28,667) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The adjusted
                                                                          fair value analysis for the derivatives required a decrease to
                                                                          Convertible Notes Payable of $271,655 and an increase to Notes Payable of $159,357 as of September 30, 2015.   

(4)      Stock-Based Compensation.   The adjusted fair value analysis of the Company s
stock-based compensation resulted in a decrease to general and administrative expenses of $1,730,352 and $1,716,695 for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.   

(6)      Reclassifications.   During the preparation of its consolidated financial
                                                                          statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company changed or renamed the classification/description of certain
                                                                          accounts and related amounts. Accordingly, certain of the previously stated classifications/descriptions and related amounts
                                                                          required adjustment. As of September 30, 2015, and for the three and nine months then ended, the reclassifications and
                                                                          description changes relate to general and administrative and interest expense associated with the recording of the Debt
                                                                          Discount amortization and stock-based compensation expense and to reclassification from convertible notes payable to notes
                                                                          payable for those notes for which only the accrued interest is convertible.   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104047_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

EXHIBIT 31.1   

CERTIFICATION OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Thomas R. Szoke, Chief Executive Officer,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
Form 10-K of ID Global Solutions Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officers
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant) and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal annual period
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 1,
    2016  
      /s/Thomas R. Szoke   

Thomas R. Szoke   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104047_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

EXHIBIT 31.2   

CERTIFICATION OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Charles Albanese, Chief Financial Officer,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
Form 10-K of ID Global Solutions Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officers
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant) and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal annual period
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting.  

Date:  November 1, 2016  
      /s/Charles Albanese  

Charles Albanese  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104047_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Annual report of
ID Global Solutions Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2015 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas R. Szoke, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:  November 1, 2016  
      /s/Thomas R. Szoke  

Thomas R. Szoke  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104047_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002   

In connection with the Annual report of
ID Global Solutions Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2015 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Charles Albanese, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:  November 1,
    2016  
      /s/Charles Albanese   

Charles Albanese   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 idgs-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 idgs-20151231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 idgs-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 idgs-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 idgs-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 idgs-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

