<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-Q_edgar_data_732712_0001193125-16-747399_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7926569</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192008</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>431177</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1920634</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3586563</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1580301</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>52</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-747399.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161026093253
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-747399
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000732712
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				232259884
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08606
		FILM NUMBER:		161951675

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1095 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-395-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1095 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BELL ATLANTIC CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-747399.txt : 20161026

10-Q
 1
 d257047d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES    
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549        FORM 10-Q    

(Mark one)  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)  

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

OR  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)  

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from
             to                

Commission file number: 1-8606   
       Verizon Communications Inc.    
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)       

Delaware   
     
   23-2259884    
 
    (State or other jurisdiction     of incorporation or organization)   
     
  (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

1095 Avenue of the Americas       New York, New York    
     
   10036     
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
     
    (Zip Code)     
     Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (212) 395-1000    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),    
 
    and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   

Yes         No    
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate
Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files).         Yes         No   
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer   

Accelerated filer   

Non-accelerated filer   
     
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
      
    Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).         Yes         No  
  At September 30, 2016, 4,076,633,952 shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding, after deducting 165,740,288 shares
held in treasury.           

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents     

Page   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1.   
     
    Financial Statements (Unaudited)     

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income     
     Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015      

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income     
     Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015      

4  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets     
     At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015      

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows     
     Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015      

6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements      

7  

Item 2.   
     
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

31  

Item 3.   
     
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

57  

Item 4.   
     
    Controls and Procedures    

57  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.   
     
    Legal Proceedings    

57  

Item 1A.   
     
    Risk Factors    

57  

Item 2.   
     
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

57  

Item 6.   
     
    Exhibits    

58  

Signature     

59  

Certifications   

Table of Contents  

Part
 I - Financial Information     
       Item 1. Financial Statements    
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income    
  Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries       
    See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
         3   

Table of Contents  

      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
      Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries   
   
    See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
         4   

Table of Contents  

      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets    
  Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries       
    See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
         5   

Table of Contents  

      Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    
  Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries       
    See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
         6   

Table of Contents  

      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
      Verizon Communications Inc. and Subsidiaries      (Unaudited)       

1.   
     Basis of Presentation       
      The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared based upon Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules that permit reduced disclosure for interim periods. For a more complete discussion of significant accounting policies and
certain other information, you should refer to the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 of Verizon Communications Inc. (Verizon or the Company) included in its Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 29, 2016. These financial
statements reflect all adjustments that are necessary for a fair presentation of results of operations and financial condition for the interim periods shown, including normal recurring accruals and other items. The results for the interim periods
are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. We have reclassified certain prior year amounts to conform to the current year presentation.      Earnings Per Common Share       There were a total of approximately 7 million
and 6 million outstanding dilutive securities, primarily consisting of restricted stock units, included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. There were a total
of approximately 6 million outstanding dilutive securities, primarily consisting of restricted stock units, included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively. There were no outstanding options to purchase shares that would have been anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.       Recently Adopted Accounting Standards       During the first quarter of 2016, we
adopted the accounting standard update related to the simplification of the accounting for measurement-period adjustments in business combinations. This standard update requires an acquirer to recognize measurement-period adjustments in the
reporting period in which the adjustments are determined and to record the effects on earnings of any changes resulting from the change in provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The
prospective adoption of this standard update did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.      During the first quarter of 2016, we adopted the accounting standard update related to disclosures for investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share. This standard update
removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. The standard update limits the required disclosures to investments
for which the entity has elected to measure the fair value using the practical expedient. The retrospective adoption of this standard update did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.   
  During the first quarter of 2016, we adopted the accounting standard update related to the simplification of the presentation of debt
issuance costs. This standard update requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. During the first quarter of 2016,
we also adopted the accounting standard update related to the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements. This standard adds SEC paragraphs pursuant to an SEC Staff Announcement
that the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs associated with a line-of-credit arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortizing the costs ratably over the term of the arrangement. We applied
the amendments in these accounting standard updates retrospectively to all periods presented. The adoption of these standard updates did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.   
  During the first quarter of 2016, we adopted the accounting standard update related to the accounting for share-based payments when the
terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. The standard requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated
as a performance condition. The prospective adoption of this standard update did not have an impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.      During the second quarter of 2016, we prospectively changed our method for determining the date at which we remeasure plan assets and obligations as a result of a significant event during an interim
period in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2015-04,  Compensation   Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets . As a
practical expedient, we elected to remeasure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the date of the significant event.   
         7   

Table of Contents  

    Recently Issued Accounting Standards    
  In August 2016, the accounting standard update related to the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments was
issued. This standard update addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The amendments in this update are effective as of the first quarter of 2018; however, early adoption
is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this standard update will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements.      In June 2016, the standard update related to the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments was issued. This standard update requires financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to
be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. This standard update is effective as of the first quarter of 2020; however, early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this standard update will have on our
condensed consolidated financial statements.      In March 2016, the accounting standard update related to employee share-based
payment accounting was issued. This standard update intends to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and
classification on the statement of cash flows. This standard update is effective as of the first quarter of 2017; however, early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard update is not expected to have a significant impact on
our condensed consolidated financial statements.      In February 2016, the accounting standard update related to leases was
issued. This standard update intends to increase transparency and improve comparability by requiring entities to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for all leases, with certain exceptions. In addition, through improved disclosure
requirements, the standard update will enable users of financial statements to further understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. This standard update is effective as of the first quarter of 2019; however,
early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this standard update will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements.      In May 2014, the accounting standard update related to the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers was issued. This standard update clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue and
develops a common revenue standard for generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP) and International Financial Reporting Standards. The standard update also amends current guidance for the recognition of costs to obtain
and fulfill contracts with customers requiring that all incremental costs of obtaining and direct costs of fulfilling contracts with customers be deferred and recognized over the expected customer life. The standard update intends to provide a more
robust framework for addressing revenue issues; improve comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions, and capital markets; and provide more useful information to users of financial statements through
improved disclosure requirements. Upon adoption of this standard update, we expect that the allocation and timing of revenue recognition as well as timing of recognition of certain contract costs will be impacted. In August 2015, an accounting
standard update was issued that delayed the effective date of this standard until the first quarter of 2018.      There are two
adoption methods available for implementation of the standard update related to the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. Under one method, the guidance is applied retrospectively to contracts for each reporting period presented,
subject to allowable practical expedients. Under the other method, the guidance is applied only to the most current period presented, recognizing the cumulative effect of the change as an adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings, and
also requires additional disclosures comparing the results to the previous guidance. We are currently evaluating these adoption methods and the impact that this standard update will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements.
     We have established a cross-functional coordinated implementation team to implement the standard update related to the
recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. We have identified and are in the process of implementing changes to our systems, processes and internal controls to meet the standard update s reporting and disclosure requirements.

2.   
     Acquisitions and Divestitures       
        Wireless     
   Spectrum License Transactions       During the fourth quarter of 2015, we entered into a license exchange agreement with affiliates of AT T Inc. (AT T) to exchange certain Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) and Personal Communication
Services (PCS) spectrum licenses. This non-cash exchange was completed in March 2016. As a result, we received $0.4 billion of AWS and PCS spectrum licenses at fair value and recorded a pre-tax gain of $0.1 billion in Selling, general and
administrative expense on our condensed consolidated statement of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
         8   

Table of Contents  

   During the first quarter of 2016, we entered into a license exchange agreement with
affiliates of Sprint Corporation, which provides for the exchange of certain AWS and PCS spectrum licenses. This non-cash exchange was completed in September 2016. As a result, we received $0.3 billion of AWS and PCS spectrum licenses at fair
value and recorded an immaterial gain in Selling, general and administrative expense on our condensed consolidated statement of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
  During the fourth quarter of 2016, we entered into a license exchange agreement with affiliates of AT T to exchange certain AWS and
PCS spectrum licenses. This non-cash exchange is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2017. Upon completion of this transaction, we expect to record a gain which will be determined upon the
closing of the transaction.      During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we acquired various other wireless
licenses for cash consideration that was not significant.        Wireline         Access Line Sale       On February 5, 2015, we entered into a definitive
agreement with Frontier Communications Corporation (Frontier) pursuant to which Verizon agreed to sell its local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas, including Fios Internet and video customers,
switched and special access lines and high-speed Internet service and long distance voice accounts in these three states for approximately $10.5 billion (approximately $7.3 billion net of income taxes), subject to certain adjustments and including
the assumption of $0.6 billion of indebtedness from Verizon by Frontier. The transaction, which includes the acquisition by Frontier of the equity interests of Verizon s incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) in California, Florida and
Texas, did not involve any assets or liabilities of Verizon Wireless. The transaction closed on April 1, 2016.     The transaction
resulted in Frontier acquiring approximately 3.3 million voice connections, 1.6 million Fios Internet subscribers, 1.2 million Fios video subscribers and the related ILEC businesses from Verizon. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, these
businesses generated revenues of approximately $1.3 billion and operating income of $0.7 billion for Verizon. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, these businesses generated revenues of $1.3 billion and $4.0 billion, respectively,
and operating income of $0.7 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively. The operating results of these businesses are excluded from our Wireline segment for all periods presented to reflect comparable segment operating results consistent with the
information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker.      During April 2016, Verizon used the net cash proceeds
received of $9.9 billion to reduce its consolidated indebtedness (see Note 4). The assets and liabilities that were sold were included in Verizon s continuing operations and classified as assets held for sale and liabilities related to assets
held for sale on our condensed consolidated balance sheets through the completion of the transaction on April 1, 2016. As a result of the closing of the transaction, we derecognized plant, property, and equipment of $9.0 billion, goodwill of $1.3
billion, $0.7 billion of defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plan obligations and $0.6 billion of indebtedness assumed by Frontier.      We recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $1.0 billion in Selling, general and administrative expense on our condensed consolidated statement of income for nine months ended September 30, 2016. The
pre-tax gain included a $0.5 billion pension and postretirement benefit curtailment gain due to the elimination of the accrual of pension and other postretirement benefits for some or all future services of a significant number of employees covered
by three of our defined benefit pension plans and one of our other postretirement benefit plans.       XO Holdings    
  On February 20, 2016, Verizon entered into a purchase agreement to acquire XO Holdings  wireline business which owns and operates one
of the largest fiber-based IP and Ethernet networks outside of Verizon s footprint for approximately $1.8 billion, subject to adjustment. The transaction is targeted to close by the end of the first quarter of 2017, subject to regulatory
approvals. Separately, Verizon entered into an agreement to lease certain wireless spectrum from XO Holdings and has an option, exercisable under certain circumstances, to buy the XO Holdings  entity that owns its wireless spectrum.   

         9   

Table of Contents  

     Other         Acquisition of AOL Inc.       On May 12, 2015, we entered into an Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with AOL Inc. (AOL) pursuant to which we commenced a tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common stock of AOL at a price of $50.00 per share, net to the seller in cash, without interest and
less any applicable withholding taxes.     On June 23, 2015, we completed the tender offer and merger, and AOL became a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Verizon. The aggregate cash consideration paid by Verizon at the closing of these transactions was approximately $3.8 billion. Holders of approximately 6.6 million shares exercised appraisal rights under Delaware
law. If they had not exercised these rights, Verizon would have paid an additional $330 million for such shares at the closing.      AOL is a leader in the digital content and advertising platform space. Verizon has been investing in emerging technology that taps into the market shift to digital content and
advertising. AOL s business model aligns with this approach, and we believe that its combination of owned and operated content properties plus a digital advertising platform enhances our ability to further develop future revenue streams.
     The acquisition of AOL has been accounted for as a business combination. The identification of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed are finalized.      The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were determined using the
income, cost and market approaches. The fair value measurements were primarily based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 measurement as defined in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820,
other than long-term debt assumed in the acquisition. The income approach was primarily used to value the intangible assets, consisting primarily of acquired technology and customer relationships. The income approach indicates value for an asset
based on the present value of cash flow projected to be generated by the asset. Projected cash flow is discounted at a required rate of return that reflects the relative risk of achieving the cash flow and the time value of money. The cost approach,
which estimates value by determining the current cost of replacing an asset with another of equivalent economic utility, was used, as appropriate, for plant, property and equipment. The cost to replace a given asset reflects the estimated
reproduction or replacement cost for the property, less an allowance for loss in value due to depreciation.      The following
table summarizes the consideration to AOL s shareholders and the identification of the assets acquired, including cash acquired of $0.5 billion, and liabilities assumed as of the close of the acquisition, as well as the fair value at the
acquisition date of AOL s noncontrolling interests:      

(1)      
    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we made cash payments of $179 million in respect of acquisition-date estimated liabilities to be
paid. As of September 30, 2016, the remaining balance of estimated liabilities to be paid was $198 million.      
         10   

Table of Contents  

   Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the acquisition date fair value of the
consideration transferred and the fair value of the net assets acquired. The goodwill recorded as a result of the AOL transaction represents future economic benefits we expect to achieve as a result of combining the operations of AOL and
Verizon as well as assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The goodwill related to this acquisition is included within Corporate and other.       Acquisition of Yahoo! Inc. s Operating Business       On July 23, 2016, we
entered into a stock purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Yahoo! Inc. (Yahoo). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, we will acquire the stock of one or more subsidiaries of Yahoo
holding all of Yahoo s operating business, for approximately $4.83 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments (the Transaction). Prior to the closing of the Transaction, pursuant to a reorganization agreement, Yahoo will transfer all
of the assets and liabilities constituting Yahoo s operating business to the subsidiaries to be acquired in the Transaction. The assets to be acquired will not include Yahoo s cash, its ownership interests in Alibaba, Yahoo! Japan and
certain other investments, certain undeveloped land recently divested by Yahoo or certain non-core intellectual property. We will receive for our benefit and that of our current and certain future affiliates a non-exclusive, worldwide,
perpetual, royalty-free license to all of Yahoo s intellectual property that is not being conveyed with the business.   
  Yahoo employees who transfer to Verizon will have any unvested Yahoo restricted stock units that they hold converted into cash-settleable
Verizon restricted stock units, which will have the same vesting schedule as their Yahoo restricted stock units. The value of those outstanding restricted stock units on the date of signing was approximately $1.1 billion.  
  The Transaction is subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions, including the approval of Yahoo s stockholders.
     On September 22, 2016, Yahoo announced that it had confirmed that a copy of certain information associated with at least 500
million user accounts was stolen from its network in late 2014. This could result in a material adverse effect under the terms of our agreement. We are continuing to evaluate the impacts of this event on the transaction.   
   Other       On July 29, 2016,
Verizon acquired Telogis, Inc., a global, cloud-based mobile enterprise management software business for $0.9 billion of cash consideration. Upon closing, we recorded $0.6 billion of goodwill that is included within Corporate and other.   
  On July 30, 2016, we entered into an agreement (the Transaction Agreement) to acquire Fleetmatics Group PLC, a public limited company
incorporated in Ireland (Fleetmatics). Fleetmatics is a leading global provider of fleet and mobile workforce management solutions. Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement, we will acquire Fleetmatics pursuant to a scheme of arrangement under
the Irish Companies Act 2014 for $60.00 per ordinary share in cash, representing a value of approximately $2.4 billion. The acquisition is subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions, including the approval of Fleetmatics 
shareholders and the sanction of the scheme of arrangement by the Irish High Court. Approval from Fleetmatics  shareholders has been obtained. We expect this transaction to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.   
  On September 12, 2016, Verizon announced an agreement to acquire a leading provider of Internet of Things (IoT) solutions for smart
communities for cash consideration that is not significant. The transaction was completed in October 2016.      During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we acquired various other businesses and investments for cash consideration that was not significant.       

3.   
     Wireless Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets       
       Wireless Licenses    
  Changes in the carrying amount of Wireless licenses are as follows:   

11   

Table of Contents  

   Reclassifications, adjustments and other includes the exchanges of wireless licenses in 2016
(see Note 2 for additional details).      At September 30, 2016, approximately $10.4 billion of wireless licenses were under
development for commercial service for which we were capitalizing interest costs.     The average remaining renewal period for our
wireless licenses portfolio was 5.2 years as of September 30, 2016.       Goodwill       Changes in the carrying amount of Goodwill are as follows:       
    We recognized goodwill of $0.6 billion in Corporate and other as a result of an acquisition in the third
quarter of 2016 (see Note 2 for additional details). During the second quarter of 2016, we allocated $0.1 billion of Goodwill on a relative fair value basis from Wireline to Corporate and other as a result of the reclassification of our vehicle
original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and Networkfleet businesses (see Note 10 for additional details).       Other Intangible Assets
      The following table displays the composition of Other intangible assets, net:   
   
    The amortization expense for Other intangible assets was as follows:   
   
    The estimated future amortization expense for Other intangible assets is as follows:   

12   

Table of Contents  

Changes to debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are as follows:   
   
     April Tender Offers       On March 4, 2016, we announced the commencement of three concurrent, but separate, tender offers (the April Tender Offers) to purchase for cash (1) any and all of the series of notes listed below in the
Group 1 Any and All Offer, (2) any and all of the series of notes listed below in the Group 2 Any and All Offer and (3) up to $5.5 billion aggregate purchase price, excluding accrued and unpaid interest and any fees or commissions, of the series of
notes listed below in the Group 3 Offer.      The April Tender Offers for each series of notes were conditioned upon the closing
of the sale of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas to Frontier and the receipt of at least $9.5 billion of the purchase price cash at closing (the Sale Condition). The Sale Condition was
satisfied and the April Tender Offers were settled on April 4, 2016, resulting in the notes listed below being repurchased and cancelled for $10.2 billion, inclusive of accrued interest of $0.1 billion.   
  The table below lists the series of notes included in the Group 1 Any and All Offer:   

(1)      
    Per $1,000 principal amount of notes tendered and not withdrawn prior to early expiration.      
  The table below lists the series of notes included in the Group 2 Any and All Offer:   
   
       (1)    Per $1,000 principal amount of notes tendered and not withdrawn prior to early expiration.  
         13   

Table of Contents  

   The table below lists the series of notes included in the Group 3 Offer:   

April Early Debt Redemption       On April 8, 2016, we redeemed in whole the
following series of outstanding notes which were called for redemption on April 5, 2016 (collectively, April Early Debt Redemption): $0.9 billion aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications 2.50% Notes due 2016 at 100.8% of the principal
amount of such notes, $0.5 billion aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications 2.00% Notes due 2016 at 100.8% of the principal amount of such notes, and $0.8 billion aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications 6.35% Notes due 2019
at 113.5% of the principal amount of such notes. These notes were repurchased and cancelled for $2.3 billion, inclusive of an immaterial amount of accrued interest.       Debt Issuances       During August 2016, we issued $6.2 billion aggregate
principal amount of fixed and floating rate notes. The issuance of these Notes resulted in cash proceeds of approximately $6.1 billion, net of discounts and issuance costs and after reimbursement of certain expenses. The issuance consisted of the
following series of notes: $0.4 billion aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications Floating Rate Notes due 2019, $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications 1.375% Notes due 2019, $1.0 billion aggregate principal
amount of Verizon Communications 1.750% Notes due 2021, $2.3 billion aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications 2.625% Notes due 2026, and $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications 4.125% Notes due
2046. The floating rate notes bear interest at a rate equal to the three-month London   
         14   

Table of Contents  

Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus 0.370%, which rate will be reset quarterly. The net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including to repay at maturity on September 15, 2016,
$2.3 billion aggregate principal amount of our floating rate notes, plus accrued interest on the notes.      During September
2016, we issued $2.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.20% Notes due 2046. The issuance of these Notes resulted in cash proceeds of approximately $2.0 billion, net of discounts and issuance costs and after reimbursement of certain expenses.
The net proceeds were used to redeem in whole $0.9 billion aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications 4.80% Notes due 2044 at 100% of the principal amount of such notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption, for
an immaterial loss. Proceeds not used for the redemption of these notes were used for general corporate purposes.       Asset-Backed Debt
      As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of our asset-backed debt was $2.6 billion. Our asset-backed debt
includes notes (the Asset-Backed Notes) issued to third-party investors (Investors) and loans (the ABS Financing Facility) received from banks and their conduit facilities (collectively, the Banks). Our consolidated asset-backed securitization
bankruptcy remote legal entities (each, an ABS Entity or collectively, the ABS Entities) issue the debt or are otherwise party to the transaction documentation in connection with our asset-backed debt transactions. Under the terms of our
asset-backed debt, we transfer device payment plan agreement receivables from Cellco Partnership and certain other affiliates of Verizon (collectively, the Originators) to one of the ABS Entities, which in turn transfers such receivables to another
ABS Entity that issues the debt. Verizon entities retain the equity interests in the ABS Entities, which represent the rights to all funds not needed to make required payments on the asset-backed debt and other related payments and expenses.
     Our asset-backed debt is secured by the transferred device payment plan agreement receivables and future collections on such
receivables. The device payment plan agreement receivables transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of restricted cash, will only be available for payment of asset-backed debt and expenses related thereto, payments to
the Originators in respect of additional transfers of device payment plan agreement receivables, and other obligations arising from our asset-backed debt transactions, and will not be available to pay other obligations or claims of Verizon s
creditors until the associated asset-backed debt and other obligations are satisfied. The Investors or Banks, as applicable, which hold our asset-backed debt have legal recourse to the assets securing the debt and do not have any recourse to Verizon
with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. Under a parent support agreement, Verizon has agreed to guarantee certain of the payment obligations of Cellco Partnership and the Originators to the ABS Entities.   
  Cash collections on the device payment plan agreement receivables are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated
accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets.   
  Proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions, deposits to the segregated accounts and payments to the Originators in respect of
additional transfers of device payment plan agreement receivables are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Repayments of our asset-backed debt and related interest payments made
from the segregated accounts are non-cash activities and therefore not reflected within Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. The asset-backed debt issued and the assets securing this debt are
included on our condensed consolidated balance sheets.       Asset-Backed Notes    
  In July 2016, we issued $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of senior and junior asset-backed notes through an ABS Entity, of which
$1.1 billion of notes were sold to Investors. The senior asset-backed notes have an expected weighted average life of about 2.5 years and bear interest at 1.42% per annum. The junior asset-backed notes have an expected weighted average life of
about 3.2 years and bear interest at a weighted-average rate of 1.53%. Under the terms of the asset-backed notes, there is a two year revolving period during which we may transfer additional receivables to the ABS Entity.  
         15   

Table of Contents  

    ABS Financing Facility       During the third quarter of 2016, we entered into a device payment plan agreement financing facility with a number of financial institutions. Under the terms of the ABS Financing Facility, such
counterparties made advances under asset-backed loans backed by device payment plan agreement receivables for proceeds of $1.5 billion, and we have the option of requesting an additional $1.5 billion of committed funding. These loans have an
expected weighted average life of about 2.6 years and bear interest at floating rates. There is a two year revolving period, which may be extended, during which we may transfer additional receivables to the ABS Entity. Subject to certain conditions,
we may also remove receivables from the ABS Entity. We may prepay the outstanding amounts of the loans without penalty, but in certain cases, with breakage costs. As of September 30, 2016, outstanding borrowings under the ABS Financing
Facility were $1.5 billion.       Variable Interest Entities       The ABS Entities meet the definition of a variable interest entity (VIE) for which we have determined that we have both the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the
entity s performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the entity. Therefore the assets, liabilities and activities of the ABS Entities are consolidated in our financial results and are included in amounts
presented on the face of our condensed consolidated balance sheets.      The assets and liabilities related to our asset-backed
debt arrangements included on our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows:       
    See Note 5 for more information on device payment plan agreement receivables used to secure asset-backed
debt.       Credit Facility       On September 23, 2016, we amended our $8.0 billion credit facility to increase the availability to $9.0 billion and extend the maturity to September 23, 2020. As of September 30, 2016, the unused
borrowing capacity under our $9.0 billion credit facility was approximately $8.9 billion.       Additional Financing Activities (Non-Cash
Transaction)       During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we financed, primarily through vendor financing
arrangements, the purchase of approximately $0.4 billion of long-lived assets, consisting primarily of network equipment. At September 30, 2016, $1.1 billion relating to vendor financing arrangements, including those entered into in prior
years, remained outstanding. These purchases are non-cash financing activities and therefore not reflected within Capital expenditures on our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.   
   Early Debt Redemptions    
  During the second quarter of 2016, we recorded a net pre-tax loss on early debt redemption of $1.8 billion in connection with the April
Tender Offers and the April Early Debt Redemption.      We recognize early debt redemption costs in Other income and (expense),
net on our condensed consolidated statements of income.       Guarantees    
  We guarantee the debentures of our operating telephone company subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2016, $1.2 billion aggregate
principal amount of these obligations remained outstanding. Each guarantee will remain in place for the life of the obligation unless terminated pursuant to its terms, including the operating telephone company no longer being a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Verizon.   
         16   

Table of Contents  

   As a result of the closing of the Frontier transaction, as of April 1, 2016, GTE Southwest
Inc., Verizon California Inc. and Verizon Florida LLC are no longer wholly-owned subsidiaries of Verizon, and the guarantees of $0.6 billion aggregate principal amount of debentures and first mortgage bonds of those entities have terminated pursuant
to their terms.      We also guarantee the debt obligations of GTE Corporation that were issued and outstanding prior to July 1,
2003. As of September 30, 2016, $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of these obligations were outstanding.       

5.   
     Wireless Device Payment Plans       
      Under the Verizon device payment
program, our eligible wireless customers purchase wireless devices under a device payment plan agreement. Customers that activate service on devices purchased under the device payment program pay lower service fees as compared to those under
our fixed-term service plans, and their device payment plan charge is included on their standard wireless monthly bill.      Wireless Device
Payment Plan Agreement Receivables       The following table displays device payment plan agreement receivables, net, that
continue to be recognized in our condensed consolidated balance sheets:       
    Included in our device payment plan agreement receivables, net at September 30, 2016 are net device
payment plan agreement receivables of $3.0 billion that have been transferred to ABS Entities and continue to be reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements.     At the time of the sale of a device, we impute risk adjusted interest on the device payment plan agreement receivables. We record the imputed interest as a reduction to the related accounts
receivable. Interest income, which is included within Service revenues and other on our condensed consolidated statements of income, is recognized over the financed device payment term.   
  When originating device payment plan agreements, we use internal and external data sources to create a credit risk score to measure the
credit quality of a customer and to determine eligibility for the device payment program. If a customer is either new to Verizon Wireless or has less than 210 days of customer tenure with Verizon Wireless (a new customer), the credit decision
process relies more heavily on external data sources. If the customer has 210 days or more of customer tenure with Verizon Wireless (an existing customer), the credit decision process relies on internal data sources. Verizon Wireless 
experience has been that the payment attributes of longer tenured customers are highly predictive when considering their ability to pay in the future. External data sources include obtaining a credit report from a national consumer credit
reporting agency, if available. Verizon Wireless uses its internal data and/or credit data obtained from the credit reporting agencies to create a custom credit risk score. The custom credit risk score is generated automatically (except with
respect to a small number of applications where the information needs manual intervention) from the applicant s credit data using Verizon Wireless  proprietary custom credit models, which are empirically derived, demonstrably and
statistically sound. The credit risk score measures the likelihood that the potential customer will become severely delinquent and be disconnected for non-payment. For a small portion of new customer applications, a traditional credit
report is not available from one of the national credit reporting agencies because the potential customer does not have sufficient credit history. In those instances, alternate credit data is used for the risk assessment.   
         17   

Table of Contents  

   Based on the custom credit risk score, we assign each customer to a credit class, each of
which has a specified required down payment percentage and specified credit limits. Device payment plan agreement receivables originated from customers assigned to credit classes requiring no down payment represent the lowest risk. Device
payment plan agreement receivables originated from customers assigned to credit classes requiring a down payment represent a higher risk.      Subsequent to origination, Verizon Wireless monitors delinquency and write-off experience as key credit quality indicators for its portfolio of device payment plan agreements and fixed-term service
plans. The extent of our collection efforts with respect to a particular customer are based on the results of proprietary custom empirically derived internal behavioral scoring models which analyze the customer s past performance to
predict the likelihood of the customer falling further delinquent. These customer scoring models assess a number of variables, including origination characteristics, customer account history and payment patterns. Based on the score derived
from these models, accounts are grouped by risk category to determine the collection strategy to be applied to such accounts. We continuously monitor collection performance results and the credit quality of our device payment plan agreement
receivables based on a variety of metrics, including aging. Verizon Wireless considers an account to be delinquent and in default status if there are unpaid charges remaining on the account on the day after the bill s due date.   
  The balance and aging of the device payment plan agreement receivables on a gross basis was as follows:   
   
    Activity in the allowance for credit losses for the device payment plan agreement receivables was as
follows:       
    Customers that entered into device payment plan agreements prior to May 31, 2015 have the right to
upgrade their device, subject to certain conditions, including making a stated portion of the required device payment plan agreement payments and trading in their device in good working order. Generally, customers entering into device payment
plan agreements on or after June 1, 2015 are required to repay all amounts due under their device payment plan agreements before being eligible to upgrade their device. However, on select devices, certain marketing promotions have been
revocably offered to customers to upgrade to a new device after paying down a certain specified portion of the required device payment plan agreement amount as well as trading in their device in good working order. When a customer enters into a
device payment plan agreement with the right to upgrade to a new device or for a device that is subject to an upgrade promotion, we may record a guarantee liability in accordance with our accounting policy. The gross guarantee liability related
to the upgrade program, which was $0.1 billion at September 30, 2016 and approximately $0.2 billion at December 31, 2015, is included in Other current liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets.   
   Sales of Wireless Device Payment Plan Agreement Receivables       During 2015 and 2016, we established programs pursuant to a Receivables Purchase Agreement, or RPA, to sell from time to time, on an uncommitted basis, eligible device payment plan agreement receivables
to a group of primarily relationship banks (Purchasers) on both a revolving (Revolving Program) and non-revolving (Non-Revolving Program) basis. The receivables sold under the RPA are no longer considered assets of Verizon. The outstanding portfolio
of device payment plan agreement receivables derecognized from our condensed consolidated balance sheet, but which we continue to service, was $6.4 billion at September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the total portfolio of device payment
plan agreement receivables, including derecognized device payment plan agreement receivables, that we are servicing was $14.1 billion.   
         18   

Table of Contents  

   Under the Non-Revolving Program, we transfer the eligible receivables to wholly-owned
subsidiaries that are bankruptcy remote special purpose entities (Sellers). The Sellers then sell the receivables to the Purchasers for upfront cash proceeds and additional consideration upon settlement of the receivables (the deferred purchase
price). Under the Revolving Program, we sell eligible device payment plan agreement receivables on a revolving basis, subject to a maximum funding limit, to the Purchasers. Sales of eligible receivables by the Sellers, once initiated,
generally occur and are settled on a monthly basis. Customer payments made towards receivables sold under the Revolving Program will be available to purchase additional eligible device payment plan agreement receivables originated during the
revolving period. We elected to end the revolving period in July 2016.     We continue to bill and collect on the receivables
in exchange for a monthly servicing fee, which is not material. Eligible receivables under the RPA excluded device payment plan agreements where a new customer was required to provide a down payment. The sales of receivables under the RPA
did not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated statements of income. The cash proceeds received from the Purchasers are recorded within Cash flows provided by operating activities on our condensed consolidated statements of cash
flows.      There were no sales of device payment plan agreement receivables during the three months ended September 30,
2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we sold $3.3 billion of receivables, net of allowances and imputed interest. We received cash proceeds from new transfers of $2.0 billion and cash proceeds from reinvested collections
of $0.9 billion, and recorded a deferred purchase price of $0.4 billion.      During the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, we sold $2.4 billion and $6.1 billion, respectively, of receivables, net of allowances and imputed interest, and received cash proceeds from new transfers of $2.0 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively. Additionally, during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a deferred purchase price of $0.4 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively.      Deferred
Purchase Price       Under the RPA, the deferred purchase price was initially recorded at fair value, based on the remaining
device payment amounts expected to be collected, adjusted, as applicable, for the time value of money and by the timing and estimated value of the device trade-in in connection with upgrades. The estimated value of the device trade-in considers
prices expected to be offered to us by independent third parties. This estimate contemplates changes in value after the launch of a device. The fair value measurements are considered to be Level 3 measurements within the fair value
hierarchy. The collection of the deferred purchase price is contingent on collections from customers. To date, we have collected $0.5 billion which was returned as deferred purchase price and recorded within Cash flows provided by
operating activities on our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. At September 30, 2016, our deferred purchase price receivable, which is held by the Sellers, was comprised of $1.2 billion included within Prepaid expenses and other
and $1.0 billion included within Other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2015, our deferred purchase price receivable was $2.2 billion, which was included within Other assets in our condensed consolidated
balance sheets.       Variable Interest Entities       Under the RPA, the Sellers  sole business consists of the acquisition of the receivables from Cellco Partnership and certain other affiliates of Verizon and the resale of the receivables to the
Purchasers. The assets of the Sellers are not available to be used to satisfy obligations of any Verizon entities other than the Sellers. We determined that the Sellers are VIEs as they lack sufficient equity to finance their
activities. Given that we have the power to direct the activities of the Sellers that most significantly impact the Sellers  economic performance, we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the Sellers. As a result, we consolidate
the assets and liabilities of the Sellers into our condensed consolidated financial statements.       Continuing Involvement    
  Verizon has continuing involvement with the sold receivables as it services the receivables. We continue to service the customer and
their related receivables on behalf of the Purchasers, including facilitating customer payment collection, in exchange for a monthly servicing fee. While servicing the receivables, the same policies and procedures are applied to the sold
receivables that apply to owned receivables, and we continue to maintain normal relationships with our customers. The credit quality of the customers we continue to service is consistent throughout the periods presented. To date, we have
collected and remitted approximately $5.7 billion, net of fees. To date, cash proceeds received, net of remittances, were $4.4 billion. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, credit losses on receivables sold were $0.1 billion.
     In addition, we have continuing involvement related to the sold receivables as we may be responsible for absorbing additional
credit losses pursuant to the agreements. The Company s maximum exposure to loss related to the involvement with the Sellers is limited to the amount of the deferred purchase price, which was $2.2 billion as of September 30, 2016. The
maximum exposure to loss represents an estimated loss that would be incurred under severe, hypothetical circumstances whereby the Company would not receive the portion of the proceeds withheld by the Purchasers. As we believe the probability of
these circumstances occurring is remote, the maximum exposure to loss is not an indication of the Company s expected loss.   
         19   

Table of Contents  

6.   
     Fair Value Measurements       
      The following table presents the
balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016:       
    The following table presents the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis as of December 31, 2015:       

(1)      
    quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities      

(2)      
    observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities      

(3)      
    no observable pricing inputs in the market      
         20   

Table of Contents  

   Equity securities consist of investments in common stock of domestic and international
corporations measured using quoted prices in active markets.      Fixed income securities consist primarily of investments in
municipal bonds as well as U.S. Treasury securities. We use quoted prices in active markets for our U.S. Treasury securities, therefore these securities are classified as Level 1. For all other fixed income securities that do not have quoted prices
in active markets, we use alternative matrix pricing resulting in these debt securities being classified as Level 2.   
  Derivative contracts are valued using models based on readily observable market parameters for all substantial terms of our derivative
contracts and thus are classified within Level 2. We use mid-market pricing for fair value measurements of our derivative instruments. Our derivative instruments are recorded on a gross basis.   
  We recognize transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period. There were no transfers
within the fair value hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.       Fair Value of Short-term and Long-term Debt
      The fair value of our debt is determined using various methods, including quoted prices for identical terms and
maturities, which is a Level 1 measurement, as well as quoted prices for similar terms and maturities in inactive markets and future cash flows discounted at current rates, which are Level 2 measurements. The fair value of our short-term and
long-term debt, excluding capital leases, was as follows:       
     Derivative Instruments       We enter into derivative transactions to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity and commodity prices. We employ risk management strategies,
which may include the use of a variety of derivatives including cross currency swaps, foreign currency and prepaid forwards and collars, interest rate swap agreements, commodity swap and forward agreements, interest rate locks and interest rate
caps. We do not hold derivatives for trading purposes. We posted collateral of approximately $0.2 billion and $0.1 billion related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange arrangements at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, which was recorded as Prepaid expenses and other on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. During 2015, we paid an immaterial amount of cash to enter into amendments to certain collateral exchange arrangements. These amendments
suspend cash collateral posting for a specified period of time by both counterparties.      We measure all derivatives at fair
value and recognize them as either assets or liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the fair values of derivative instruments not qualifying as hedges or any ineffective portion of hedges are recognized in earnings in
the current period. Changes in the fair values of derivative instruments used effectively as fair value hedges are recognized in earnings, along with changes in the fair value of the hedged item. Changes in the fair value of the effective
portions of cash flow hedges are reported in Other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized in earnings when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Changes in the fair value of the effective portion of net investment hedges of certain of our
foreign operations are reported in Other comprehensive income (loss) as part of the cumulative translation adjustment and partially offset the impact of foreign currency changes on the value of our net investment.   
   Interest Rate Swaps       We
enter into domestic interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates based on LIBOR, resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are
designated as fair value hedges and hedge against changes in the fair value of our debt portfolio. During the third quarter of 2016, we entered into interest rate swaps with a total notional value of $1.1 billion. During the third quarter of
2016, we settled $0.9 billion notional amount of interest rate swaps. The ineffective portion of these interest rate swaps was not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
         21   

Table of Contents  

    Forward Interest Rate Swaps       In order to manage our exposure to future interest rate changes, we have entered into forward interest rate swaps. We designated these contracts as cash flow hedges. During the first quarter of 2016, we
entered into forward interest rate swaps with a total notional value of $1.3 billion. During the third quarter of 2016, we settled $2.0 billion notional amount of these forward interest rate swaps. During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, pre-tax losses of an immaterial amount and $0.2 billion, respectively, were recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, pre-tax gains of $0.2 billion, respectively, were
recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss).       Cross Currency Swaps    
  We enter into cross currency swaps to exchange British Pound Sterling and Euro-denominated debt into U.S. dollars and to fix our future
interest and principal payments in U.S. dollars, as well as to mitigate the effect of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. These swaps are designated as cash flow hedges. During the second quarter of 2016, we settled $0.1 billion
of these cross currency swaps upon redemption of the related debt. A portion of the gains and losses recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) was reclassified to Other income and (expense), net to offset the related pre-tax foreign
currency transaction gain or loss on the underlying debt obligations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, pre-tax gains of $0.3 billion and $0.1 billion, respectively, were recognized in Other comprehensive income
(loss). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, pre-tax losses of $0.2 billion and $0.9 billion, respectively, were recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss).       Net Investment Hedges       We enter into foreign currency forward contracts
that are designated as net investment hedges to mitigate foreign exchange exposure related to non-U.S. dollar net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries against changes in foreign exchange rates.   
   Interest Rate Caps       We
enter into interest rate caps to mitigate our interest exposure on our ABS Financing Facility against changes in interest rates. We have not applied hedge accounting to these interest rate caps. During the third quarter of 2016, we entered
into interest rate caps with a notional value of $1.5 billion.      The following table sets forth the notional amounts of our
outstanding derivative instruments:       

7.   
     Stock-Based Compensation       
       Verizon Communications Long-Term Incentive Plan
      The Verizon Communications Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan) permits the granting of stock options, stock
appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance stock units and other awards. The maximum number of shares available for awards from the Plan is 119.6 million shares.   
   Restricted Stock Units    
  The Plan provides for grants of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) that generally vest at the end of the third year after the grant. The RSUs
are classified as equity awards because the RSUs will be paid in Verizon common stock upon vesting. The RSU equity awards are measured using the grant date fair value of Verizon common stock and are not remeasured at the end of each reporting
period. Dividend equivalent units are also paid to participants at the time the RSU award is paid, and in the same proportion as the RSU award.   
         22   

Table of Contents  

    Performance Stock Units       The Plan also provides for grants of Performance Stock Units (PSUs) that generally vest at the end of the third year after the grant. As defined by the Plan, the Human Resources Committee of the Board of
Directors determines the number of PSUs a participant earns based on the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have been achieved over the three-year performance cycle. The PSUs are classified as liability awards because the PSU awards
are paid in cash upon vesting. The PSU award liability is measured at its fair value at the end of each reporting period and, therefore, will fluctuate based on the price of Verizon common stock as well as performance relative to the targets.
Dividend equivalent units are also paid to participants at the time that the PSU award is determined and paid, and in the same proportion as the PSU award. The granted and cancelled activity for the PSU award includes adjustments for the performance
goals achieved.      The following table summarizes the Restricted Stock Unit and Performance Stock Unit activity:   
   
    As of September 30, 2016, unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested portion of
Verizon s RSUs and PSUs was approximately $0.4 billion and is expected to be recognized over approximately two years.   
  The RSUs granted in 2016 have a weighted-average grant date fair value of $51.90 per unit.   

8.   
     Employee Benefits       
      We maintain non-contributory
defined benefit pension plans for many of our employees. In addition, we maintain postretirement health care and life insurance plans for certain retirees and their dependents, which are both contributory and non-contributory, and include a
limit on our share of the cost for certain recent and future retirees. In accordance with our accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefits, operating expenses include pension and benefit related credits and/or charges based on
actuarial assumptions, including projected discount rates and an estimated return on plan assets. These estimates are updated in the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event to reflect actual return on plan assets and updated actuarial
assumptions. The adjustment will be recognized in our consolidated statement of income during the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event pursuant to our accounting policy for the recognition of actuarial gains and losses.  
   Net Periodic Cost       The
following table summarizes the benefit (income) cost related to our pension and postretirement health care and life insurance plans:       
 
         23   

Table of Contents  

Changes in Accounting for Benefit Plans       Effective January 1, 2016, we changed the method we use to estimate the interest component of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefits. Historically, we estimated the
interest cost component utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. We have elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of
interest cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. We have made this change to provide a more precise measurement of interest cost by
improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. We have accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate and accordingly will account for it prospectively.   
  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the impact of this change was a reduction of the interest cost component of net
periodic benefit cost and an increase to operating income of approximately $0.1 billion and $0.3 billion, respectively. The use of the full yield curve approach does not impact how we measure our total benefit obligations at December 31 or our
annual net periodic benefit cost as any change in the interest cost component is completely offset by the actuarial gain or loss measured at year end which is immediately recognized in our consolidated statements of income. Accordingly, this change
in estimate will not impact our income from continuing operations, net income or earnings per share as measured on an annual basis.       2016
Collective Bargaining Negotiations       In the collective bargaining agreements ratified in June 2016, Verizon s annual
postretirement benefit obligation for retiree healthcare remains capped at the levels established by the previous contracts ratified in 2012. Effective January 2016, prior to reaching these new collective bargaining agreements, certain retirees
began to pay for the costs of retiree healthcare in accordance with the provisions relating to caps in the previous contracts. In reaching new collective bargaining agreements in 2016, there is a mutual understanding that the substantive
postretirement benefit plans provide that Verizon s annual postretirement benefit obligation for retiree healthcare is capped and, accordingly, we began accounting for the contractual healthcare caps in June 2016. We also adopted changes
to our defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans to reflect the agreed upon terms and conditions of the collective bargaining agreements. The impact is a reduction in our postretirement benefit plan obligations of
approximately $5.1 billion and an increase in our defined benefit pension plan obligations of approximately $0.4 billion, which have been recorded as a net increase to Accumulated other comprehensive income of $2.9 billion (net of taxes of $1.8
billion) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The amount recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income will be reclassified to net periodic benefit cost on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of the
respective plans  participants which, on a weighted-average basis, is 12.2 years for defined benefit pension plans and 7.8 years for other postretirement benefit plans. The above noted reclassification will result in a decrease to net
periodic benefit cost and an increase to pre-tax income of approximately $0.4 billion for the seven months ended December 31, 2016, of which $0.2 billion has been reclassified to net periodic cost during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016.       Severance, Pension and Benefit Charges (Credits)       During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a net pre-tax curtailment gain of $0.5 billion due to the elimination of the accrual of benefits for some or all future services of a
significant number of employees covered by three of our defined benefit pension plans and one of our other postretirement benefit plans (see Note 2 for additional details).      During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded net pre-tax severance, pension and benefit charges of approximately $0.8 billion primarily for our pension plans in accordance with our
accounting policy to recognize actuarial gains and losses in the period in which they occur. The pension remeasurement charges of $0.6 billion primarily related to settlements   
         24   

Table of Contents  

for employees who received lump-sum distributions in five of our defined benefit pension plans. The charges were primarily driven by a decrease in our discount rate assumption of $0.8
billion used to determine the current year liabilities of our pension plans, partially offset by the difference between our expected return on assets of 7.0% and our annualized actual return on assets of 11.0% at August 31, 2016 ($0.2
billion). Our weighted average discount rate assumption was 3.61% at August 31, 2016. As part of this charge, we recorded severance costs of $0.2 billion under our existing separation plans.   
  During the three months ended June 30, 2016, we recorded net pre-tax pension and benefit remeasurement charges of approximately $3.6
billion in accordance with our accounting policy to recognize actuarial gains and losses in the period in which they occur. These charges were comprised of a net pre-tax pension and benefit remeasurement charge of $0.8 billion measured as of
April 1, 2016 related to curtailments in three of our defined benefit pension plans and one of our other postretirement benefit plans, a net pre-tax pension and benefit remeasurement charge of $2.7 billion measured as of May 31, 2016 in two defined
benefit pension plans and three other postretirement benefit plans as a result of our accounting for the contractual healthcare caps and bargained for changes, and a net pre-tax pension and benefit remeasurement charge of $0.1 billion measured as of
May 31, 2016 related to settlements for employees who received lump-sum distributions in three of Verizon s defined benefit pension plans. The pension and benefit remeasurement charges were primarily driven by a decrease in our discount
rate assumption used to determine the current year liabilities of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans ($2.7 billion) and updated healthcare cost trend rate assumptions ($0.9 billion). Our weighted-average discount rate assumption
decreased from 4.60% at December 31, 2015 to 3.99% at May 31, 2016.      During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we also
recorded a net pre-tax pension and benefit remeasurement charge of $0.2 billion related to settlements for employees who received lump-sum distributions in one of Verizon s defined benefit pension plans.   
  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded net pre-tax pension remeasurement charges of approximately $0.3
billion, in accordance with our accounting policy to recognize actuarial gains and losses in the period in which they occur. The pension remeasurement charges relate to settlements for employees who received lump-sum distributions in four of
Verizon s seven defined benefit pension plans. The pension remeasurement charges from the impacted plans were primarily driven by a $0.7 billion loss resulting from the difference between our expected return on assets assumption of 7.25%
at December 31, 2014 and our annualized actual return on assets of 1.96% at September 30, 2015, as well as other losses of $0.1 billion. These losses were partially offset by a gain of $0.5 billion resulting from an increase in our discount
rate assumption used to determine the current year liabilities of our pension plans. Our weighted-average discount rate assumption increased from 4.2% at December 31, 2014 to 4.5% at September 30, 2015.   
   Severance Payments    
  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid severance benefits of $0.1 billion and $0.4 billion, respectively. At
September 30, 2016, we had a remaining severance liability of $0.6 billion, a portion of which includes future contractual payments to employees separated as of September 30, 2016.       Employer Contributions       During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we contributed $0.2 billion and $0.9 billion, respectively, to our other postretirement benefit plans. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we contributed $0.5 billion and $0.8 billion, respectively, to our
qualified pension plans, which included $0.2 billion of discretionary contributions. The contributions to our nonqualified pension plans were $0.1 billion during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. There have been no material
changes with respect to the qualified and nonqualified pension contributions in 2016 as previously disclosed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  for the year ended December 31,
2015 included in our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 29, 2016.   
         25   

Table of Contents  

9.   
     Equity and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income       
       Equity    
  Changes in the components of Total equity were as follows:   
   
     Common Stock       Verizon did not repurchase any shares of Verizon common stock through its previously authorized share buyback program during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the maximum
number of shares that could be purchased by or on behalf of Verizon under our share buyback program was 97.2 million.      Common
stock has been used from time to time to satisfy some of the funding requirements of employee and shareowner plans, including 3.5 million common shares issued from Treasury stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income       The changes in the balances of Accumulated other comprehensive income by component are as follows:       
    The amounts presented above in net other comprehensive income (loss) are net of taxes which are not
significant except as noted below. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the amounts reclassified to net income related to defined benefit pension and postretirement plans in the table above are included in Cost of services and Selling,
general and administrative expense on our condensed consolidated statements of income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the amounts reclassified to net income related to unrealized loss on marketable securities in the table above
are included in Other income and (expense), net on our condensed consolidated statements of income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the amounts reclassified to net income related to unrealized loss on cash flow hedges in the table
above are included in Other income and (expense), net and Interest expense on our condensed consolidated statements of income.   
         26   

Table of Contents  

    Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Plans    
  The change in defined benefit and postretirement plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $4.7 billion ($2.9 billion net of
taxes) was due to the change in prior service credit as a result of our accounting for contractual healthcare caps and bargained for changes (see Note 8 for additional detail).     Reclassification adjustments on defined benefit pension and postretirement plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 include the reclassification to Selling, general and administrative expense of
a pre-tax pension and postretirement benefit curtailment gain of $0.5 billion ($0.3 billion net of taxes) due to the transfer of employees to Frontier, which caused the elimination of a significant amount of future service in three of our defined
benefit pension plans and one of our other postretirement benefit plans requiring us to recognize a portion of the prior service credits (see Note 2 for additional detail).   

10.   
     Segment Information       
       Reportable Segments    
  We have two reportable segments, Wireless and Wireline, which we operate and manage as strategic business units and organize by products
and services. We measure and evaluate our reportable segments based on segment operating income, consistent with the chief operating decision maker s assessment of segment performance.   
  Corporate and other includes the operations of AOL and related businesses, unallocated corporate expenses, the results of other
insignificant businesses, such as our vehicle OEM and Networkfleet businesses and investments in unconsolidated businesses accounted for on an equity method basis, pension and other employee benefit related costs and lease financing. Corporate
and other also includes the historical results of divested operations and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated in assessing segment performance due to their non-operational nature. Although such transactions are
excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses that are not individually significant are included in all segment results as these items are included in the chief operating
decision maker s assessment of segment performance.      The reconciliation of segment operating revenues and expenses to
consolidated operating revenues and expenses below also includes those items of a non-operational nature. We exclude from segment results the effects of certain items that management does not consider in assessing segment performance, primarily
because of their non-operational nature.      On April 1, 2016, we completed the sale of our local exchange business and related
landline activities in California, Florida and Texas to Frontier (see Note 2). Accordingly, the corresponding Wireline results for these operations have been reclassified to Corporate and other for all comparative periods presented consistent
with the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker.      In addition, Corporate and other includes the
results of our vehicle OEM and Networkfleet businesses for all periods presented, which were reclassified from our Wireline segment effective April 1, 2016. The impact of this reclassification was not material to our condensed consolidated
financial statements or our segment results of operations.      We have adjusted prior period consolidated and segment
information, where applicable, to conform to current period presentation.      Our reportable segments and their principal activities consist of
the following:       

Segment   
        
   Description    

Wireless   
        
    Wireless  communications products and services include wireless voice and data services and equipment sales, which are provided to consumer, business and
government customers across the United States.    

Wireline   
        
    Wireline s voice, data and video communications products and enhanced services include broadband video and data, corporate networking solutions, data center
and cloud services, security and managed network services and local and long distance voice services. We provide these products and services to consumers in the United States, as well as to carriers, businesses and government customers both in the
United States and around the world.    
 
         27   

Table of Contents  

   The following table provides operating financial information for our two reportable
segments:       
 
         28   

Table of Contents  

A reconciliation of the reportable segment operating revenues to consolidated operating revenues is as
follows:       
    Fios revenues are included within our Wireline segment and amounted to approximately $2.8 billion and
$8.3 billion, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Fios revenues amounted to approximately $2.7 billion and $8.0 billion, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
  A reconciliation of the total of the reportable segments  operating income to consolidated income before provision for income taxes
is as follows:       
    No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our total operating revenues during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   
         29   

Table of Contents  

11.   
     Commitments and Contingencies       
      In the ordinary course of business,
Verizon is involved in various commercial litigation and regulatory proceedings at the state and federal level. Where it is determined, in consultation with counsel based on litigation and settlement risks, that a loss is probable and estimable in a
given matter, the Company establishes an accrual. In none of the currently pending matters is the amount of accrual material. An estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amounts already accrued cannot be made
at this time due to various factors typical in contested proceedings, including (1) uncertain damage theories and demands; (2) a less than complete factual record; (3) uncertainty concerning legal theories and their resolution by courts or
regulators; and (4) the unpredictable nature of the opposing party and its demands. We continuously monitor these proceedings as they develop and adjust any accrual or disclosure as needed. We do not expect that the ultimate resolution of any
pending regulatory or legal matter in future periods, including the Hicksville matter described below, will have a material effect on our financial condition, but it could have a material effect on our results of operations for a given reporting
period.      Reserves have been established to cover environmental matters relating to discontinued businesses and past
telecommunications activities. These reserves include funds to address contamination at the site of a former Sylvania facility in Hicksville, NY, which had processed nuclear fuel rods in the 1950s and 1960s. In September 2005, the Army Corps of
Engineers (ACE) accepted the site into its Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Action Program. As a result, the ACE has taken primary responsibility for addressing the contamination at the site. An adjustment to the reserves may be made after a cost
allocation is conducted with respect to the past and future expenses of all of the parties. Adjustments to the environmental reserve may also be made based upon the actual conditions found at other sites requiring remediation.   
  Verizon is currently involved in approximately 40 federal district court actions alleging that Verizon is infringing various patents.
Most of these cases are brought by non-practicing entities and effectively seek only monetary damages; a small number are brought by companies that have sold products and seek injunctive relief as well. These cases have progressed to various stages
and a small number may go to trial in the coming 12 months if they are not otherwise resolved.      In connection with the
execution of agreements for the sales of businesses and investments, Verizon ordinarily provides representations and warranties to the purchasers pertaining to a variety of nonfinancial matters, such as ownership of the securities being sold, as
well as indemnity from certain financial losses. From time to time, counterparties may make claims under these provisions, and Verizon will seek to defend against those claims and resolve them in the ordinary course of business.   
  Subsequent to the sale of Verizon Information Services Canada in 2004, we continue to provide a guarantee to publish directories, which
was issued when the directory business was purchased in 2001 and had a 30-year term (before extensions). The preexisting guarantee continues, without modification, despite the subsequent sale of Verizon Information Services Canada and the
spin-off of our domestic print and Internet yellow pages directories business. The possible financial impact of the guarantee, which is not expected to be adverse, cannot be reasonably estimated as a variety of the potential outcomes available
under the guarantee result in costs and revenues or benefits that may offset each other. We do not believe performance under the guarantee is likely.   
         30   

Table of Contents  

Item
 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     

Overview   
  
    Verizon Communications Inc. (Verizon or the Company) is a holding company that, acting through its
subsidiaries, is one of the world s leading providers of communications, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and governmental agencies. With a presence around the world, we offer voice, data and video
services and solutions on our wireless and wireline networks that are designed to meet customers  demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity, security and control. We have two reportable segments, Wireless and Wireline. Our wireless
business, operating as Verizon Wireless, provides voice and data services and equipment sales across the United States (U.S.) using one of the most extensive and reliable wireless networks. Our wireline business provides consumer, business and
government customers with communications products and enhanced services, including broadband data and video, corporate networking solutions, data center and cloud services, security and managed network services and local and long distance voice
services, and also owns and operates one of the most expansive end-to-end global Internet Protocol (IP) networks. We have a highly skilled, diverse and dedicated workforce of approximately 162,000 employees as of September 30, 2016.   
  To compete effectively in today s dynamic marketplace, we are focused on transforming around the capabilities of our high-performing
networks with a goal of future growth based on delivering what customers want and need in the new digital world. Our three tier strategy is to lead at the network connectivity level in the markets we serve, develop new business models through global
platforms in video and Internet of Things (IoT) and create certain opportunities in applications and content for incremental monetization. Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, put the
spectrum into service, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, invest in the fiber optic network that supports our businesses, maintain our networks and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and
data system capabilities. We believe that steady and consistent investments in our networks and platforms will drive innovative products and services and fuel our growth. Our network leadership will continue to be the hallmark of our brand, and
provide the fundamental strength at the connectivity, platform and solutions layers upon which we build our competitive advantage.   
    Strategic Transactions        During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we announced several strategic transactions.   
   Acquisition of Yahoo! Inc.       On July 23, 2016, we entered into a stock purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Yahoo! Inc. (Yahoo). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
thereof, we will acquire the stock of one or more subsidiaries of Yahoo holding all of Yahoo s operating business, for approximately $4.83 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments (the Transaction). The Transaction is subject to
customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions, including the approval of Yahoo s stockholders.      We believe that
our acquisition of Yahoo s operating business will help us become a major competitor in mobile media. Yahoo s operations will provide us with a valuable portfolio of online content, mobile applications and viewers. Additionally, our
acquisition of Yahoo s operating business will expand our analytics and ad tech capabilities which we expect will enhance both our competitive position in the mobile media marketplace and value proposition to advertisers.   
  On September 22, 2016, Yahoo announced that it had confirmed that a copy of certain information associated with at least 500 million user
accounts was stolen from its network in late 2014. This could result in a material adverse effect under the terms of our agreement. We are continuing to evaluate the impacts of this event on the transaction.   
   IoT and Telematics       We
are also building our growth capabilities in the emerging IoT market by developing business models to monetize usage on our network at the connectivity and platform layers. On July 30, 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire
Fleetmatics Groups PLC (Fleetmatics), a leading global provider of fleet and mobile workforce management solutions. The acquisition is subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions, including the approval of Fleetmatics 
shareholders and the sanction of the scheme of arrangement by the Irish High Court. Approval from Fleetmatics  shareholders has been obtained. We expect this transaction to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. In July 2016, we also closed
on the acquisition of Telogis, Inc. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized IoT revenues of $0.2 billion, a 36% increase compared to the prior year period.   
         31   

Table of Contents  

    Network Evolution       In April 2016, we announced our One Fiber initiative for the city of Boston. This initiative will create a single fiber-optic network platform capable of supporting wireless and wireline technologies
and multiple projects. In February 2016, we also entered into a purchase agreement to acquire XO Holdings  wireline business, which owns and operates one of the largest fiber-based IP and Ethernet networks outside of Verizon s footprint,
for approximately $1.8 billion, subject to adjustment. The transaction is subject to customary regulatory approvals and is targeted to close by the end of the first quarter of 2017.       Access Line Sale       On February 5, 2015, we entered into a definitive
agreement with Frontier Communications Corporation (Frontier) pursuant to which Verizon agreed to sell its local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas, including Fios Internet and video customers,
switched and special access lines and high-speed Internet service and long distance voice accounts in these three states for approximately $10.5 billion (approximately $7.3 billion net of income taxes), subject to certain adjustments and including
the assumption of $0.6 billion of indebtedness from Verizon by Frontier. The transaction, which includes the acquisition by Frontier of the equity interests of Verizon s incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) in California, Florida and
Texas, did not involve any assets or liabilities of Verizon Wireless. The transaction closed on April 1, 2016.     The transaction
resulted in Frontier acquiring approximately 3.3 million voice connections, 1.6 million Fios Internet subscribers, 1.2 million Fios video subscribers and the related ILEC businesses from Verizon. Approximately 9,300 Verizon employees who served
customers in California, Florida and Texas continued employment with Frontier. The operating results of these businesses, collectively, are excluded from our Wireline segment for all periods presented to reflect comparable segment operating
results consistent with the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker.        Business Overview     
   Wireless       In our Wireless
business, revenues decreased 3.9% during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015 as a result of a 5.2% decline in service revenue and a 3.9% decrease in equipment revenue. We continue to manage through
revenue transformation while growing high-quality retail postpaid connections. At September 30, 2016, retail postpaid connections were 3.0% higher than at September 30, 2015. The decline in service revenue was driven by customer migration
to plans with lower service fees (unsubsidized service pricing) as compared to those under fixed-term service plans. At September 30, 2016, approximately 60% of our retail postpaid phone connections were on unsubsidized service pricing compared to
approximately 33% at September 30, 2015. The decrease in equipment revenue was driven by a decline in overall sales volume, partially offset by an increase in device sales under the Verizon device payment program. During the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the percentage of phone activations under the Verizon device payment program was approximately 70% and 58%, respectively.      We are focusing our wireless capital spending on adding capacity and density to our fourth generation (4G) Long Term Evolution (LTE) network. Approximately 94% of our total data traffic in September
2016 was carried on our 4G LTE network. We are investing in the densification of our network by utilizing small cell technology, in-building solutions and distributed antenna solutions. Densification enables us to add capacity to manage
mobile video consumption and demand for IoT, as well as position us for future fifth-generation (5G) technology. We are committed to developing and deploying 5G wireless technology and we are working with key partners to ensure the aggressive
pace of innovation, standards development and appropriate requirements for this next generation of wireless technology.       Wireline
      In our Wireline business, revenues declined 2.3% during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar
period in 2015, primarily due to revenue declines in Global Enterprise and Global Wholesale resulting from lower voice services and data networking revenues. To compensate for the shrinking market for traditional voice service, we continue to
build our Wireline segment around data, video and advanced business services   areas where demand for reliable high-speed connections is growing. We continue to experience revenue increases in Consumer retail driven by Fios. During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, Fios represented approximately 82% of Consumer retail revenue compared to approximately 79% during the similar period in 2015.   
         32   

Table of Contents  

    Capital Expenditures and Investments    
  We continue to invest in our wireless network, high-speed fiber and other advanced technologies to position ourselves at the center of
growth trends for the future. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, these investments included $11.4 billion for capital expenditures. We believe that our investments aimed at expanding our portfolio of products and services
will provide our customers with an even more efficient, reliable infrastructure for competing in the information economy.       Trends
      In our Wireless segment, total operating revenues and service revenue continue to be negatively impacted by customer
migrations to unsubsidized service pricing, and we expect this trend to continue through the remainder of 2016. As a result of an increase in activations under the Verizon device payment program, we also expect a decrease in our overall
wireless operating costs compared to the prior year period.     Except to the extent described above, there have been no
significant changes to the information related to trends affecting our business that was disclosed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  for the year ended December 31, 2015
included in our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 29, 2016.   
         33   

Table of Contents  

Consolidated
 Results of Operations     
    In this section, we discuss our overall results of operations and highlight items of a non-operational
nature that are not included in our segment results. We have two reportable segments, Wireless and Wireline, which we operate and manage as strategic business units and organize by products and services. In  Segment Results of Operations, 
we review the performance of our two reportable segments.      Corporate and other includes the operations of AOL Inc. (AOL) and
related businesses, unallocated corporate expenses, the results of other insignificant businesses, such as our vehicle original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and Networkfleet businesses and investments in unconsolidated businesses accounted for on an
equity method basis, pension and other employee benefit related costs and lease financing. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested operations and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated in
assessing segment performance due to their non-operational nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses that are not individually significant
are included in all segment results as these items are included in the chief operating decision maker s assessment of segment performance. We believe that this presentation assists users of our financial statements in better understanding our
results of operations and trends from period to period.      On April 1, 2016, we completed the sale of our local exchange
business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas to Frontier. Accordingly, the results of operations related to this divestiture are included within Corporate and other for all periods presented to reflect comparable
segment operating results consistent with the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker, as follows:       
    In addition, Corporate and other includes the results of our vehicle OEM and Networkfleet businesses for
all periods presented, which were reclassified from our Wireline segment effective April 1, 2016. The impact of this reclassification was not material to our condensed consolidated financial statements or our segment results of
operations.      

Consolidated Revenues    

34   

Table of Contents  

   The decrease in consolidated revenues during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, was primarily due to declines in revenues at our Wireless and Wireline segments, as well as declines in revenues within Corporate and other.   
  Wireless  revenues decreased $0.9 billion, or 3.9%, and $2.1 billion, or 3.1%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily as a result of declines in service and equipment revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and a decline in service revenue partially offset by increases in
equipment and other revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Service revenue, which does not include recurring device payment plan billings related to the Verizon device payment program, decreased by $0.9 billion, or 5.2%, and $3.0
billion, or 5.6%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily driven by customer migration to plans with unsubsidized service pricing. Equipment revenue decreased by
$0.2 billion, or 3.9%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, as a result of a decline in overall sales volume, partially offset by an increase in device sales under the Verizon device payment
program. Equipment revenue increased $0.3 billion, or 2.2%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, as a result of an increase in device sales, primarily smartphones, under the Verizon device
payment program, partially offset by a decline in device sales under the traditional fixed-term service plans as well as a decline in overall sales volume.      Wireline s revenue decreased $0.2 billion, or 2.3%, and $0.5 billion, or 2.1%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015,
primarily as a result of declines in Global Enterprise and Global Wholesale. Wireline s revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were also partially impacted by a reduction in Fios marketing activities during the union work
stoppage that commenced April 13, 2016 and ended on June 1, 2016. Fios revenues were $2.8 billion and $8.3 billion during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $2.7 billion and $8.0 billion during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Global Enterprise revenues decreased $0.1 billion, or 3.4%, and $0.3 billion, or 3.2%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar
periods in 2015, due to declines in traditional data and advanced networking solutions, Cloud and IT services and voice communications services. Global Wholesale revenues decreased $0.1 billion, or 3.9%, and $0.2 billion, or 4.1%, respectively,
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily due to declines in data revenues and traditional voice revenues driven by the effect of technology substitution as well as continuing
contraction of market rates due to competition.      Corporate and other revenues decreased $1.1 billion, or 43.4%, and $0.9
billion, or 14.1%, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily as a result of the sale of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas
that was completed on April 1, 2016. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, this decrease was partially offset by advertising revenue growth from programmatic platforms in AOL and related businesses. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, this decrease was partially offset by the inclusion of the revenues of AOL from the date of acquisition on June 23, 2015.       

Consolidated Operating Expenses    
     
     Cost of Services       Cost of services decreased $0.6 billion, or 7.9%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, primarily due to the sale of our local exchange business and
related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas on April 1, 2016, a decline in net pension and postretirement benefit cost as well as a decline in access costs at our Wireline segment, partially offset by an increase in traffic
acquisition costs at AOL and related businesses. Cost of services   
         35   

Table of Contents  

increased $0.6 billion, or 2.8%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in costs as a result of the acquisition of
AOL on June 23, 2015, the launch of go90 in the third quarter of 2015, and $0.4 billion of incremental costs incurred as a result of the union work stoppage that commenced on April 13, 2016 and ended on June 1, 2016. Partially offsetting these
increases was a decline in cost of service as a result of the sale of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas on April 1, 2016.       Wireless Cost of Equipment       Wireless cost of equipment decreased $0.5
billion, or 8.3%, and $1.4 billion, or 8.6%, respectively, at our Wireless segment during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily as a result of a decline in the number of smartphone
units sold as well as a decrease in the average cost per unit for smartphones, driven by a shift to lower priced units in the mix of devices sold.       Selling, General and Administrative Expense       Selling, general and
administrative expense increased $1.4 billion, or 5.7%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in severance, pension and benefit remeasurement charges (see  Other
Items ), an increase in costs as a result of the acquisition of AOL on June 23, 2015, and the launch of go90 in the third quarter of 2015, partially offset by a gain on and decline in costs as a result of the sale of our local exchange business
and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas on April 1, 2016 (see  Other Items ), declines in sales commission expense at our Wireless segment and declines in employee-related costs at our Wireline Segment.   
   Non-operational Credits (Charges)       Non-operational credits (charges) included in operating expenses were as follows:       
    See  Other Items  for a description of non-operational items.   
   Consolidated Operating Income and EBITDA       Consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expenses (Consolidated EBITDA) and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which are presented below, are non-GAAP financial measures and
do not purport to be alternatives to operating income as a measure of operating performance. We believe these measures are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating operating profitability on a
more variable cost basis as they exclude depreciation and amortization expense related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior periods, as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to Verizon s
competitors. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated by adding back interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, equity in losses of unconsolidated businesses and other income and (expense), net to net income.  
  Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by excluding the effect of non-operational items and the impact of divested operations from
the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA. We believe this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating the effectiveness of our operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is
consistent with management s evaluation of business performance. We believe Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is widely used by investors to compare a company s operating performance to its competitors by minimizing impacts caused by
differences in capital structure, taxes and depreciation policies. Further, the exclusion of non-operational items and the impact of divested operations enables comparability to prior period performance and trend analysis. Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA is also used by rating agencies, lenders and other parties to evaluate our creditworthiness. See  Other Items  for additional details regarding these non-operational items.   
  Operating expenses include pension and other postretirement benefit related credits and/or charges based on actuarial assumptions,
including projected discount rates and an estimated return on plan assets. These estimates will be updated in the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event to reflect actual return on plan assets and updated actuarial assumptions. The
adjustment will be recognized in the income statement during the fourth quarter or upon a remeasurement event pursuant to our   
         36   

Table of Contents  

accounting policy for the recognition of actuarial gains/losses. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded pension and benefit remeasurement charges in
accordance with our accounting policy to recognize actuarial gains and losses in the period in which they occur. During the fourth quarter of 2016, we will remeasure our pension and other postretirement assets and liabilities based on updated
actuarial assumptions. This remeasurement could result in significant charges or credits to one or more of our pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.      It is management s intent to provide non-GAAP financial information to enhance the understanding of Verizon s GAAP financial information, and it should be considered by the reader in addition
to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Each non-GAAP financial measure is presented along with the corresponding GAAP measure so as not to imply that more emphasis should be placed on the non-GAAP
measure. We believe that non-GAAP measures provide relevant and useful information, which is used by management, investors and other users of our financial information in assessing both consolidated and segment performance. The non-GAAP
financial information presented may be determined or calculated differently by other companies.       
    The changes in the table above during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the
similar periods in 2015, were a result of the factors described in connection with operating revenues and operating expenses.  
         37   

Table of Contents  

Other Consolidated Results    
     Other Income and (Expense), Net       Additional information relating to Other income and (expense), net is as follows:       
    Total interest costs on debt balances decreased during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015. The decrease during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower average debt balances and a lower effective interest rate (see  Consolidated Financial
Condition ). Capitalized interest costs were higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in wireless licenses that are currently under development, which was a
result of our winning bid in the FCC spectrum license auction during 2015. The FCC granted us those wireless licenses on April 8, 2015.   
   Provision for Income Taxes        
    The effective income tax rate is calculated by dividing the provision for income taxes by income before
the provision for income taxes. The decrease in the effective income tax rate during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, was primarily due to lower income taxes from an internal restructure in the
current period as well as the effective income tax rate impact of lower income before income taxes due to greater severance, pension and benefit charges recorded in the current period. The increase in the effective income tax rate during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, was primarily due to the impact of $527 million included in the provision for income taxes from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes in connection with the sale of our
local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas to Frontier on April 1, 2016 as well as the effective income tax rate impact of lower income before income taxes due to severance, pension and benefit charges
recorded in the current period. The decrease in the provision for income taxes during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, was primarily due to the impact of lower income before income
taxes due to severance, pension and benefit charges recorded in the current period.   
         38   

Table of Contents  

    Unrecognized Tax Benefits       Unrecognized tax benefits were $1.8 billion at September 30, 2016 and $1.6 billion at December 31, 2015. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were $0.2 billion (after-tax) at
September 30, 2016 and $0.1 billion (after-tax) at December 31, 2015, respectively.     Verizon and/or its subsidiaries file
income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. As a large taxpayer, we are under audit by the IRS and multiple state and foreign jurisdictions for various open tax years. It is
reasonably possible that the amount of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits could change by a significant amount in the next twelve months. An estimate of the range of the possible change cannot be made until these tax matters are
further developed or resolved.       

Segment Results of
Operations     
    We have two reportable segments, Wireless and Wireline, which we operate and manage as strategic business
units and organize by products and services. We measure and evaluate our reportable segments based on segment operating income. The use of segment operating income is consistent with the chief operating decision maker s assessment of
segment performance.      Segment earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Segment EBITDA), which is
presented below, is a non-GAAP measure and does not purport to be an alternative to operating income (loss) as a measure of operating performance. We believe this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial
information in evaluating operating profitability on a more variable cost basis as it excludes the depreciation and amortization expenses related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior years, as well as in
evaluating operating performance in relation to our competitors. Segment EBITDA is calculated by adding back depreciation and amortization expense to segment operating income (loss). Segment EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing Segment
EBITDA by total segment operating revenues. You can find additional information about our segments in Note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         39   

Table of Contents  

Wireless    
    Our Wireless segment, doing business as Verizon Wireless, provides wireless communications services across
one of the most extensive wireless networks in the United States. We provide these services and equipment sales to consumer, business and government customers in the United States on a postpaid and prepaid basis. Postpaid connections represent
individual lines of service for which a customer is billed in advance a monthly access charge in return for a monthly network service allowance, and usage beyond the allowance is billed monthly in arrears. Our prepaid service enables
individuals to obtain wireless services without credit verification by paying for all services in advance.       Operating Revenues and Selected
Operating Statistics        
       (1)    As of end of period         (2)    Excluding
acquisitions and adjustments      Wireless  total operating revenues decreased by $0.9 billion, or 3.9%, and $2.1 billion, or
3.1%, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily as a result of declines in service and equipment revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and a decline in service
revenue partially offset by increases in equipment and other revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.       Accounts and
Connections       Retail postpaid accounts primarily represent retail customers with Verizon Wireless that are directly served
and managed by Verizon Wireless and use its branded services. Accounts include shared data plans, such as our Verizon Plan and More Everything plans, and corporate accounts, as well as legacy single connection plans and family plans. A single
account may include monthly wireless services for a variety of connected devices.  
         40   

Table of Contents  

   Under the Verizon device payment program, our eligible wireless customers purchase wireless
devices under a device payment plan agreement. Customers that activate service on devices purchased under the device payment program, or on a compatible device that they already own, pay lower service fees (unsubsidized service pricing) as
compared to those under fixed-term service plans.      Retail connections represent our retail customer device connections. Churn
is the rate at which service to connections is terminated. Retail connections under an account may include: smartphones and basic phones (collectively, phones) as well as tablets, LTE Internet (Installed) and other connected devices, including
retail IoT connections. Retail postpaid connection net additions decreased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily due to a decrease in retail postpaid connection gross additions
as well as a higher retail postpaid connection churn rate.      Retail Postpaid Connections per Account    
  Retail postpaid connections per account is calculated by dividing the total number of retail postpaid connections by the number of retail
postpaid accounts as of the end of the period. Retail postpaid connections per account increased 3.7% as of September 30, 2016, compared to September 30, 2015. The increase in retail postpaid connections per account is primarily due to increases in
Internet devices, which represented 18.1% of our retail postpaid connection base as of September 30, 2016, compared to 16.0% as of September 30, 2015.       Service Revenue       Service revenue, which does not include recurring device
payment plan billings related to the Verizon device payment program, decreased by $0.9 billion, or 5.2%, and $3.0 billion, or 5.6%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015,
primarily driven by lower retail postpaid service revenue. Retail postpaid service revenue was negatively impacted as a result of customer migration to plans with unsubsidized service pricing. Customer migration to unsubsidized service pricing
is driven in part by an increase in the activation of devices purchased under the Verizon device payment program. At September 30, 2016, approximately 60% of our retail postpaid phone connections were on unsubsidized service pricing compared to
approximately 33% at September 30, 2015. At September 30, 2016, approximately 41% of our retail postpaid phone connections participated in the Verizon device payment program compared to approximately 22% at September 30, 2015. The decrease in
service revenues was partially offset by an increase in retail postpaid connections compared to the prior year period. Service revenue plus recurring device payment plan billings related to the Verizon device payment program, which represents the
total value received from our wireless connections, increased 2.3% and 2.1%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015.   
  Retail postpaid ARPA (the average service revenue per account from retail postpaid accounts), which does not include recurring device
payment plan billings related to the Verizon device payment program, was negatively impacted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, as a result of customer migration to plans with
unsubsidized service pricing. Retail postpaid I-ARPA (the average service revenue per account from retail postpaid accounts plus recurring device payment plan billings), which represents the monthly recurring value received on a per account basis
from our retail postpaid accounts, increased 3.2% and 2.4%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015.       Equipment Revenue       Equipment revenue decreased $0.2 billion, or 3.9%,
during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, as a result of a decline in overall sales volume, partially offset by an increase in device sales under the Verizon device payment program. Equipment
revenue increased by $0.3 billion, or 2.2%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, as a result of an increase in device sales, primarily smartphones, under the Verizon device payment program,
partially offset by a decline in device sales under the traditional fixed-term service plans as well as a decline in overall sales volumes.      Under the Verizon device payment program, we recognize a higher amount of equipment revenue at the time of sale of devices. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, phone activations under
the Verizon device payment program represented approximately 70% and 69%, respectively, of retail postpaid phones activated compared to approximately 58% and 49%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
   Other Revenue       Other
revenue includes non-service revenues such as regulatory fees, cost recovery surcharges, revenues associated with our device protection package, sublease rentals and financing revenue. Other revenue increased $0.2 billion, or 16.0%, and $0.6
billion, or 17.8%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily due to financing revenues from our device payment program, cost recovery surcharges and a volume-driven
increase in revenues related to our device protection package.   
         41   

Table of Contents  

    Operating Expenses        
     Cost of Services       Cost of services increased $0.1 billion, or 2.1%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar period in 2015, primarily due to higher rent expense as a result of an increase
in macro and small cell sites, as well as a volume-driven increase in costs related to the device protection package offered to our customers. Partially offsetting these increases were decreases in network connection costs and cost of roaming.
      Cost of Equipment       Cost of equipment decreased $0.5 billion, or 8.3%, and $1.4 billion, or 8.6%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily as
a result of a decline in the number of smartphone units sold as well as a decrease in the average cost per unit for smartphones, driven by a shift to lower priced units in the mix of devices sold.   
   Selling, General and Administrative Expense       Selling, general and administrative expense decreased $0.4 billion, or 8.0%, and $1.4 billion, or 8.9%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar
periods in 2015, primarily due to declines in sales commission expense, bad debt expense, employee related costs and non-income taxes. In addition, advertising expense decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The declines in
sales commission expense of $0.2 billion, or 18.2%, and $1.0 billion, or 27.9%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, was driven by an overall decline in activations as well
as an increase in the proportion of activations under the Verizon device payment program, which has a lower commission per unit than activations under traditional fixed-term service plans. The decline in employee related costs was a result of
reduced headcount.       Depreciation and Amortization Expense       Depreciation and amortization expense increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily driven by an increase in net depreciable
assets.  
         42   

Table of Contents  

    Segment Operating Income and EBITDA    
   
    The changes in the table above during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the
similar periods in 2015, were primarily a result of the factors described in connection with operating revenues and operating expenses.      Non-operational items excluded from our Wireless segment Operating income were as follows:       
 
         43   

Table of Contents  

Wireline    
    Our Wireline segment provides voice, data and video communications products and enhanced services
including broadband video and data, corporate networking solutions, data center and cloud services, security and managed network services and local and long distance voice services. We provide these products and services to consumers in the United
States, as well as to carriers, businesses and government customers both in the United States and around the world.     The
operating results and statistics for all periods presented below exclude the results of Verizon s local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas, which were sold to Frontier on April 1, 2016, to reflect
comparable segment operating results consistent with the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker.       Operating
Revenues and Selected Operating Statistics        
       (1)    As of end of period      Wireline s revenues decreased $0.2 billion, or 2.3%, and $0.5 billion, or 2.1%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015,
primarily as a result of declines in Global Enterprise and Global Wholesale. Wireline s revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were also partially impacted by a reduction in Fios marketing activities during the union work
stoppage that commenced April 13, 2016 and ended on June 1, 2016. Fios revenues were $2.8 billion and $8.3 billion, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.7 billion and $8.0 billion, respectively,
during the similar periods in 2015.       Mass Markets       Mass Markets operations provide broadband Internet and video services (including high-speed Internet, Fios Internet and Fios video services), local exchange (basic service and end-user access) and long
distance (including regional toll) voice services to residential and small business subscribers.      Mass Markets revenues
decreased 0.5% and 0.3%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, as the continued decline of local exchange revenues was partially offset by increases in Fios revenues due to
subscriber growth for Fios services (Internet, video and voice).      We grew our subscriber base by 0.2 million Fios Internet
subscribers and 0.1 million Fios video subscribers, while also improving penetration rates within our Fios service areas for Fios Internet. As of September 30, 2016, we achieved a penetration rate of 40.4% for Fios Internet, compared to a
penetration rate of 40.1% for Fios Internet as of September 30, 2015. Our Fios connection growth for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was impacted by installation delays as a result of the union work stoppage that commenced on April 13, 2016
and ended on June 1, 2016. Consumer Fios revenues increased $0.1 billion, or 4.2%, and $0.3 billion, or 4.4%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015. Fios represented
approximately 82% of Consumer retail revenue for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to approximately 79% during the similar periods in 2015.   
         44   

Table of Contents  

   The decline of local exchange revenues was primarily due to a 7.3% decline in Consumer
retail voice connections resulting primarily from competition and technology substitution with wireless, competing VoIP (voice over IP) and cable telephony services. Total voice connections include traditional switched access lines in service as
well as Fios digital voice connections. There was also a 7.6% decline in Small business retail voice connections, reflecting competition and a shift to both IP and high-speed circuits, primarily in areas outside of our Fios footprint.
      Global Enterprise       Global Enterprise offers advanced information and communication technology services and other traditional communications services to medium and large business customers, multinational corporations and
state and federal government customers.      Global Enterprise revenues decreased $0.1 billion, or 3.4%, and $0.3 billion, or
3.2%, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, due to declines in traditional data and advanced networking solutions, Cloud and IT services and voice communications services.
Also contributing to the decrease was the negative impact of foreign exchange rates. Our traditional data networking services, which consist of traditional circuit-based services such as frame relay, private line and legacy data networking services,
our advanced networking solutions, which include Private IP, Public Internet, Ethernet and optical network services, and our Cloud and IT services declined as a result of competitive pressures.   
   Global Wholesale       Global
Wholesale provides communications services including data, voice and local dial tone and broadband services primarily to local, long distance and other carriers that use our facilities to provide services to their customers.  
  Global Wholesale revenues decreased $0.1 billion, or 3.9%, and $0.2 billion, or 4.1%, respectively, during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily due to declines in data revenues and traditional voice revenues driven by the effect of technology substitution as well as continuing contraction of market rates due to
competition. As a result of technology substitution, the number of core data circuits at September 30, 2016 experienced a 16.3% decline compared to September 30, 2015. The decline in traditional voice revenue is driven by a 6.1% decline in domestic
wholesale connections at September 30, 2016, compared to September 30, 2015.       Operating Expenses
       
     Cost of Services       Cost of services decreased $0.3 billion, or 5.4% and were unchanged, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015. The decrease
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to a decline in net pension and postretirement benefit cost as well as a decline in access costs, driven by declines in overall wholesale long distance volumes and rates. These decreases were
partially offset by an increase in content costs associated with programming license fee increases and continued Fios subscriber growth. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cost of services was impacted by $0.4 billion of incremental
costs incurred as a result of the union work stoppage that commenced on April 13, 2016 and ended on June 1, 2016 as well as an increase in content costs associated with programming license fee increases and continued Fios subscriber growth partially
offset by a decline in access costs, driven by declines in overall wholesale long distance volumes and rates, a decline in net pension and postretirement benefit cost, as well as declines in employee costs as a result of reduced headcount.
  
         45   

Table of Contents  

    Selling, General and Administrative Expense    
  Selling, general and administrative expense decreased $0.1 billion, or 4.4%, and $0.3 billion, or 6.3%, respectively, during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily due to decreases in transaction taxes and regulatory expenses, a decline in net pension and postretirement benefit cost as well as declines in employee costs as
a result of reduced headcount.       Depreciation and Amortization Expense    
  Depreciation and amortization expense decreased $0.1 billion, or 7.0%, and $0.3 billion, or 6.4%, respectively, during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, primarily due to decreases in net depreciable assets.       Segment
Operating Income (Loss) and EBITDA        
    nm   not meaningful   
  The changes in the table above during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar periods in 2015, were
primarily a result of the factors described in connection with operating revenues and operating expenses.   
  Non-operational items excluded from our Wireline segment Operating income (loss) were as follows:   

Other
Items     

Early Debt Redemption Costs    
    During April 2016, we recorded net debt redemption costs of $1.8 billion in connection with the early
redemption of $2.2 billion aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications Inc. notes called and redeemed in whole as well as the early redemption pursuant to three concurrent, but separate, tender offers of the following: $3.0 billion
aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications Inc. notes included in the Group 1 Any and All Offer; $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of debentures of our operating telephone company subsidiaries included in the Group 2 Any and All
Offer; $3.8 billion aggregate principal amount of Verizon Communications Inc. notes, $0.2 billion aggregate principal amount of Alltel Corporation debentures and $0.3 billion aggregate principal amount of GTE Corporation debentures included in the
Group 3 Offer. See Note 4 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details related to our early debt redemptions.   
         46   

Table of Contents  

Gain on Access Line Sale    
    During the second quarter of 2016, we completed the sale of the local exchange business and related
landline activities in California, Florida and Texas. As a result of this transaction, we recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $1.0 billion in Selling, general and administrative expense on our condensed consolidated statement of income for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. The pre-tax gain included a $0.5 billion pension and postretirement benefit curtailment gain due to the elimination of the accrual of pension and other postretirement benefits for some or all future
services of a significant number of employees covered in three of our defined benefit pension plans and one of our other postretirement benefit plans.      The Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA non-GAAP measure presented in the Consolidated Operating Income and EBITDA discussion (See  Consolidated Results of Operations ) excludes the gain on the access
line sale described above.       

Severance, Pension and Benefit Charges    
    During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded net pre-tax severance, pension and benefit
charges of approximately $0.8 billion primarily for our pension plans in accordance with our accounting policy to recognize actuarial gains and losses in the period in which they occur. The pension remeasurement charges of $0.6 billion
primarily related to settlements for employees who received lump-sum distributions in five of our defined benefit pension plans. The charges were primarily driven by a decrease in our discount rate assumption of $0.8 billion used to determine
the current year liabilities of our pension plans, partially offset by the difference between our expected return on assets of 7.0% and our annualized actual return on assets of 11.0% at August 31, 2016 ($0.2 billion). Our weighted average
discount rate assumption was 3.61% at August 31, 2016. As part of this charge, we recorded severance costs of $0.2 billion under our existing separation plans.      During the three months ended June 30, 2016, we recorded net pre-tax pension and benefit remeasurement charges of approximately $3.6 billion in accordance with our accounting policy to recognize actuarial
gains and losses in the period in which they occur. These charges were comprised of a net pre-tax pension and benefit remeasurement charge of $0.8 billion measured as of April 1, 2016 related to curtailments in three of our defined benefit
pension plans and one of our other postretirement benefit plans, a net pre-tax pension and benefit remeasurement charge of $2.7 billion measured as of May 31, 2016 in two defined benefit pension plans and three other postretirement benefit plans as
a result of our accounting for the contractual healthcare caps and bargained for changes, and a net pre-tax pension and benefit remeasurement charge of $0.1 billion measured as of May 31, 2016 related to settlements for employees who received
lump-sum distributions in three of Verizon s defined benefit pension plans. The pension and benefit remeasurement charges were primarily driven by a decrease in our discount rate assumption used to determine the current year liabilities of
our pension and other postretirement benefit plans ($2.7 billion) and updated healthcare cost trend rate assumptions ($0.9 billion). Our weighted-average discount rate assumption decreased from 4.60% at December 31, 2015 to 3.99% at May 31, 2016.
     During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we also recorded a net pre-tax pension and benefit remeasurement charge of $0.2
billion related to settlements for employees who received lump-sum distributions in one of Verizon s defined benefit pension plans.      During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded net pre-tax pension remeasurement charges of approximately $0.3 billion, in accordance with our accounting policy to recognize
actuarial gains and losses in the period in which they occur. The pension remeasurement charges relate to settlements for employees who received lump-sum distributions in four of Verizon s seven defined benefit pension plans. The
pension remeasurement charges from the impacted plans were primarily driven by a $0.7 billion loss resulting from the difference between our expected return on assets assumption of 7.25% at December 31, 2014 and our annualized actual return on
assets of 1.96% at September 30, 2015, as well as other losses of $0.1 billion. These losses were partially offset by a gain of $0.5 billion resulting from an increase in our discount rate assumption used to determine the current year
liabilities of our pension plans. Our weighted-average discount rate assumption increased from 4.2% at December 31, 2014 to 4.5% at September 30, 2015.      In accordance with our accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefits, in the fourth quarter of 2016 we will remeasure our pension and other postretirement assets and liabilities based on
updated actuarial assumptions. This remeasurement could result in significant charges or credits to one or more of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.      The Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA non-GAAP measure presented in the Consolidated Operating Income and EBITDA discussion (See  Consolidated Results of Operations ) excludes the pension and benefit
remeasurement described above.   
         47   

Table of Contents  

Gain on Spectrum License Transaction    
    During the first quarter of 2016, we completed a license exchange transaction with affiliates of AT T
Inc. (AT T) to exchange certain Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) and Personal Communication Services (PCS) spectrum licenses. As a result of this non-cash exchange, we received $0.4 billion of AWS and PCS spectrum licenses at fair value and we
recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $0.1 billion in Selling, general and administrative expense on our condensed consolidated statement of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
  The Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA non-GAAP measure presented in the Consolidated Operating Income and EBITDA discussion (See
 Consolidated Results of Operations ) excludes the gain on the spectrum license transaction described above.       

Impact of Divested Operations    
    On April 1, 2016, we completed the sale of our local exchange business and related landline activities in
California, Florida and Texas to Frontier.      The Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA non-GAAP measure presented in the Consolidated
Operating Income and EBITDA discussion (See  Consolidated Results of Operations ) excludes the historical financial results of the divested operations described above.  
         48   

Table of Contents  

Consolidated
Financial Condition     
     
    We use the net cash generated from our operations to fund network expansion and modernization, service
and repay external financing, pay dividends, invest in new businesses and, when appropriate, buy back shares of our outstanding common stock. Our sources of funds, primarily from operations and, to the extent necessary, from external financing
arrangements, are sufficient to meet ongoing operating and investing requirements. We expect that our capital spending requirements will continue to be financed primarily through internally generated funds. Debt or equity financing may be
needed to fund additional investments or development activities or to maintain an appropriate capital structure to ensure our financial flexibility. Our cash and cash equivalents are primarily held domestically and are invested to maintain
principal and provide liquidity. Accordingly, we do not have significant exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. See  Market Risk  for additional information regarding our foreign currency risk management
strategies.     Our available external financing arrangements include an active commercial paper program, credit available under
credit facilities and other bank lines of credit, vendor financing arrangements, issuances of registered debt or equity securities and privately-placed capital market securities. In addition, our available arrangements to monetize our device
payment plan agreement receivables include asset-backed securitizations and sales of selected receivables to relationship banks.       

Cash Flows Provided By Operating Activities    
    Our primary source of funds continues to be cash generated from operations, primarily from our Wireless
segment. Net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $10.8 billion, compared to the similar period in 2015, primarily due to working capital impacts related to our asset-backed
securitizations, an increase in income taxes paid as a result of the sale of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas to Frontier, one-time favorable tax law changes in 2015 that do not recur in
2016 and the timing of tax payments under the estimated payment rules, a decline in earnings, as well as $2.4 billion of proceeds received in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of our transaction (Tower Monetization Transaction)
with American Tower Corporation (American Tower).      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we received cash
proceeds related to new sales of wireless device payment plan agreement receivables to a group of primarily relationship banks of $2.0 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively, which were recorded within cash flow provided by operating
activities. See Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more information. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we began to monetize our wireless device payment plan agreement receivables through asset-backed
debt transactions, which were recorded within cash flow used in financing activities. See Note 4 to the condensed consolidated financial statements and  Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities  for more information.   
  We completed the Tower Monetization Transaction in March 2015, pursuant to which American Tower acquired the exclusive rights to lease
and operate approximately 11,300 of our wireless towers for an upfront payment of $5.0 billion, of which $2.4 billion related to a portion of the towers for which the right-of-use has passed to the tower operator.   

Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities    
     Capital Expenditures       Capital expenditures continue to be a primary use of capital resources as they facilitate the introduction of new products and services, enhance responsiveness to competitive challenges and increase the
operating efficiency and productivity of our networks.  
         49   

Table of Contents  

   Capital expenditures, including capitalized software, were as follows:  
   
    Capital expenditures decreased at Wireless during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to
the similar period in 2015, primarily due to the timing of investments to increase the capacity of our 4G LTE network. Capital expenditures declined at Wireline as a result of reduced capital spending during the work stoppage that commenced April
13, 2016 and ended June 1, 2016, and capital expenditures related to the local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas that were sold to Frontier on April 1, 2016.   
   Acquisitions       On July
29, 2016, Verizon acquired Telogis, Inc., a global, cloud-based mobile enterprise management software business for $0.9 billion of cash consideration.      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we acquired various other businesses and investments for cash consideration that was not significant.   
   Dispositions       During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received cash proceeds of $9.9 billion in connection with the sale of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas to Frontier on April 1, 2016.   

Cash Flows Used In Financing Activities    
    We seek to maintain a mix of fixed and variable rate debt to lower borrowing costs within reasonable risk
parameters and to protect against earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from changes in market conditions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net cash used in financing activities was $13.1 billion and $10.6
billion, respectively.      During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our net cash used in financing activities of $13.1
billion was primarily driven by repayments of long-term debt borrowings and capital lease obligations of $14.5 billion and $6.9 billion paid in cash dividends. These uses of cash were partially offset by proceeds from long-term borrowings of
$10.7 billion, including proceeds of $2.6 billion from our asset-backed debt transactions.       Proceeds from and Repayments of Long-Term
Borrowings       At September 30, 2016, our total debt decreased to $106.6 billion compared to $109.7 billion at December 31,
2015, primarily as a result of early debt redemptions during the second quarter of 2016 partially offset by issuances of long-term debt in the third quarter of 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our effective
interest rate was 4.8% and 4.9%, respectively. See Note 4 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding our debt activity.      At September 30, 2016, approximately $8.1 billion, or 7.6%, of the aggregate principal amount of our total debt portfolio consisted of foreign denominated debt, primarily the Euro and British Pound
Sterling. We have entered into cross currency swaps in order to fix our future interest and principal payments in U.S. dollars and mitigate the impact of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. See  Market Risk  for additional
information.   
         50   

Table of Contents  

   Verizon may continue to acquire debt securities issued by Verizon and its affiliates in the
future through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers, exchange offers, or otherwise, upon such terms and at such prices as Verizon may from time to time determine for cash or other consideration.   
   Asset-Backed Debt       As of
September 30, 2016, the carrying value of our asset-backed debt was $2.6 billion. Our asset-backed debt includes notes (the Asset-Backed Notes) issued to third-party investors (Investors) and loans (the ABS Financing Facility) received from
banks and their conduit facilities (collectively, the Banks). Our consolidated asset-backed securitization bankruptcy remote legal entities (each, an ABS Entity or collectively, the ABS Entities) issue the debt or are otherwise party to the
transaction documentation in connection with our asset-backed debt transactions. Under the terms of our asset-backed debt, we transfer device payment plan agreement receivables from Cellco Partnership and certain other affiliates of Verizon
(collectively, the Originators) to one of the ABS Entities, which in turn transfers such receivables to another ABS Entity that issues the debt. Verizon entities retain the equity interests in the ABS Entities, which represent the rights to all
funds not needed to make required payments on the asset-backed debt and other related payments and expenses.      Our asset-backed
debt is secured by the transferred device payment plan agreement receivables and future collections on such receivables. The device payment plan agreement receivables transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of
restricted cash, will only be available for payment of asset-backed debt and expenses related thereto, payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of device payment plan agreement receivables, and other obligations arising from
our asset-backed debt transactions, and will not be available to pay other obligations or claims of Verizon s creditors until the associated asset-backed debt and other obligations are satisfied. The Investors or Banks, as applicable, which
hold our asset-backed debt have legal recourse to the assets securing the debt and do not have any recourse to Verizon with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the debt. Under a parent support agreement, Verizon has agreed to
guarantee certain of the payment obligations of Cellco Partnership and the Originators to the ABS Entities.      Cash collections
on the device payment plan agreement receivables are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Prepaid expenses and other and
Other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets.      Proceeds from our asset-backed debt transactions, deposits to the
segregated accounts and payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of device payment plan agreement receivables are reflected in Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
Repayments of our asset-backed debt and related interest payments made from the segregated accounts are non-cash activities and therefore not reflected within Cash flows from financing activities in our condensed consolidated statements of cash
flows. The asset-backed debt issued and the assets securing this debt are included on our condensed consolidated balance sheets.       Other,
net       Other, net financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes net early debt redemption
costs of $1.8 billion. See  Other Items  for additional information related to the early debt redemption costs incurred during the second quarter of 2016.       Credit Facility       On September 23, 2016, we amended our $8.0 billion credit
facility to increase the availability to $9.0 billion and extend the maturity to September 23, 2020. As of September 30, 2016, the unused borrowing capacity under our $9.0 billion credit facility was approximately $8.9 billion.   
   Dividends       As in prior
periods, dividend payments were a significant use of capital resources. During the third quarter of 2016, Verizon s Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend payments by 2.2% to $.5775 per share from $.565 cents per share in the
prior year period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid $6.9 billion in cash dividends.       Covenants    
  Our credit agreements contain covenants that are typical for large, investment grade companies. These covenants include requirements
to pay interest and principal in a timely fashion, pay taxes, maintain insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies, preserve our corporate existence, keep appropriate books and records of financial transactions, maintain our
properties, provide financial and other reports to our lenders, limit pledging and disposition of assets and mergers and consolidations, and other similar covenants. Additionally, our term loan credit agreement requires us to maintain a
leverage ratio (as such term is defined in the agreement) not in excess of 3.50:1.00 until our credit ratings are equal to or higher than A3 and A-.   
         51   

Table of Contents  

   We and our consolidated subsidiaries are in compliance with all of our financial and
restrictive covenants.       

Change In Cash and Cash Equivalents    
    Our Cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 totaled $6.4 billion, a $2.0 billion increase compared
to Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2015, primarily as a result of the factors discussed above.       Free Cash Flow    
  Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that management believes is useful to investors and other users of Verizon s financial
information in evaluating cash available to pay debt and dividends. Free cash flow is calculated by subtracting capital expenditures from net cash provided by operating activities. The following table reconciles net cash provided by operating
activities to Free cash flow:       
    The change in Free cash flow during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the similar
period in 2015, was primarily due to working capital impacts related to our asset-backed securitizations, an increase in income taxes paid as a result of the sale of our local exchange business and related landline activities in California, Florida
and Texas to Frontier, one-time favorable tax law changes in 2015 that do not recur in 2016 and the timing of tax payments under the estimated payment rules, a decline in earnings as well as $2.4 billion of proceeds received in the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 related to the Tower Monetization Transaction attributable to the portion of the towers for which the right-of-use has passed to the tower operator. These decreases were partially offset by a $1.1 billion decrease in capital
expenditures.       

Market
Risk     
    We are exposed to various types of market risk in the normal course of business, including the impact of
interest rate changes, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in investment, equity and commodity prices and changes in corporate tax rates. We employ risk management strategies, which may include the use of a variety of derivatives
including cross currency swaps, foreign currency and prepaid forwards and collars, interest rate swap agreements, commodity swap and forward agreements, interest rate locks and interest rate caps. We do not hold derivatives for trading
purposes.      It is our general policy to enter into interest rate, foreign currency and other derivative transactions only to
the extent necessary to achieve our desired objectives in optimizing exposure to various market risks. Our objectives include maintaining a mix of fixed and variable rate debt to lower borrowing costs within reasonable risk parameters and to protect
against earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from changes in market conditions. We do not hedge our market risk exposure in a manner that would completely eliminate the effect of changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates on our
earnings. We posted collateral of approximately $0.2 billion and $0.1 billion related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange arrangements at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. During 2015, we paid an immaterial amount
of cash to enter into amendments to certain collateral exchange arrangements. These amendments suspend cash collateral posting for a specified period of time by both counterparties. While we may be exposed to credit losses due to the nonperformance
of our counterparties, we consider the risk remote. As such, we do not expect that our results of operations or financial condition will be materially affected by these risk management strategies.   

Interest Rate Risk    
    We are exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on our short-term debt and the portion of long-term
debt that carries floating interest rates. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 81% of the aggregate principal amount of our total debt portfolio consisted of fixed rate indebtedness, including the effect of interest rate swap agreements
designated as hedges. The impact of a 100 basis point change in interest rates affecting our floating rate debt would result in a change in annual interest expense, including our interest rate swap agreements that are designated as hedges, of
approximately $0.2 billion. The interest rates on substantially all of our existing long-term debt obligations are unaffected by changes to our credit ratings.   
         52   

Table of Contents  

    Interest Rate Swaps       We enter into domestic interest rate swaps to achieve a targeted mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We principally receive fixed rates and pay variable rates based on the London Interbank Offered Rate,
resulting in a net increase or decrease to Interest expense. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and hedge against changes in the fair value of our debt portfolio. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of these
contracts was $0.4 billion and $0.1 billion, respectively, which was primarily included within Other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total notional amount of the interest rate
swaps was $7.9 billion and $7.6 billion, respectively.       Forward Interest Rate Swaps    
  In order to manage our exposure to future interest rate changes, we have entered into forward interest rate swaps. We designated these
contracts as cash flow hedges. These forward interest rate swaps were settled during the third quarter. The fair value of these contracts, which was included within Other liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet, was not material
at December 31, 2015. At December 31, 2015, these swaps had a notional value of $0.8 billion.       Interest Rate Caps    
  During the third quarter of 2016, we entered into interest rate caps to mitigate our interest exposure on our ABS Financing Facility
against changes in interest rates. We have not applied hedge accounting to these interest rate caps. The fair value of these contracts was not material at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the total notional value of these
contracts was $1.5 billion.       

Foreign Currency Translation    
    The functional currency for our foreign operations is primarily the local currency. The translation
of income statement and balance sheet amounts of our foreign operations into U.S. dollars is recorded as cumulative translation adjustments, which are included in Accumulated other comprehensive income in our condensed consolidated balance
sheets. Gains and losses on foreign currency transactions are recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of income in Other income and (expense), net. At September 30, 2016, our primary translation exposure was to the British Pound
Sterling, Euro, Australian Dollar and Japanese Yen.       Cross Currency Swaps    
  We enter into cross currency swaps to exchange British Pound Sterling and Euro-denominated debt into U.S. dollars and to fix our future
interest and principal payments in U.S. dollars, as well as to mitigate the effect of foreign currency transaction gains or losses. These swaps are designated as cash flow hedges. The fair value of the outstanding swaps, which was
primarily included within Other liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets, was $1.5 billion at September 30, 2016 and $1.6 billion at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total notional amount of
the cross currency swaps was $9.6 billion and $9.7 billion, respectively.       Net Investment Hedges    
  We enter into foreign currency forward contracts that are designated as net investment hedges to mitigate foreign exchange exposure
related to non-U.S. dollar net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries against changes in foreign exchange rates. The fair value of these contracts was not material at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the total notional value of these contracts was $0.9 billion, respectively.   
         53   

Table of Contents  

Acquisitions and
Divestitures     
      Wireless         Spectrum License Transactions       From time to time, we enter into agreements
to buy, sell or exchange spectrum licenses. We believe these spectrum license transactions have allowed us to continue to enhance the reliability of our network while also resulting in a more efficient use of spectrum. See Note 2 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding our spectrum license transactions.      During the fourth
quarter of 2016, we entered into a license exchange agreement with affiliates of AT T to exchange certain AWS and PCS spectrum licenses. This non-cash exchange is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to be completed in the
first half of 2017. Upon completion of this transaction, we expect to record a gain which will be determined upon the closing of the transaction.        Wireline         Access Line Sale    
  On February 5, 2015, we entered into a definitive agreement with Frontier pursuant to which Verizon agreed to sell its local exchange
business and related landline activities in California, Florida and Texas, including Fios Internet and video customers, switched and special access lines and high-speed Internet service and long distance voice accounts in these three states for
approximately $10.5 billion (approximately $7.3 billion net of income taxes), subject to certain adjustments and including the assumption of $0.6 billion of indebtedness from Verizon by Frontier. The transaction, which included the acquisition by
Frontier of the equity interests of Verizon s ILECs in California, Florida and Texas, did not involve any assets or liabilities of Verizon Wireless. The transaction closed on April 1, 2016. See Note 2 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements for additional information.       XO Holdings       On February 20, 2016, Verizon entered into a purchase agreement to acquire XO Holdings  wireline business which owns and operates one of the largest fiber-based IP and Ethernet networks outside of
Verizon s footprint for approximately $1.8 billion, subject to adjustment. The transaction is targeted to close by the end of the first quarter of 2017, subject to regulatory approvals. Separately, Verizon entered into an agreement to lease
certain wireless spectrum from XO Holdings and has an option, exercisable under certain circumstances, to buy the XO Holdings  entity that owns its wireless spectrum.        Other         Acquisition of Yahoo! Inc. s Operating Business    
  On July 23, 2016, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with Yahoo. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions thereof, we will acquire the stock of one or more subsidiaries of Yahoo holding all of Yahoo s operating business, for approximately $4.83 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments. Prior to the closing of the Transaction,
pursuant to a reorganization agreement, Yahoo will transfer all of the assets and liabilities constituting Yahoo s operating business to the subsidiaries to be acquired in the Transaction. The assets to be acquired will not include
Yahoo s cash, its ownership interests in Alibaba, Yahoo! Japan and certain other investments, certain undeveloped land recently divested by Yahoo or certain non-core intellectual property. We will receive for our benefit and that of our
current and certain future affiliates a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to all of Yahoo s intellectual property that is not being conveyed with the business.   
  Yahoo employees who transfer to Verizon will have any unvested Yahoo restricted stock units that they hold converted into cash-settleable
Verizon restricted stock units, which will have the same vesting schedule as their Yahoo restricted stock units. The value of those outstanding restricted stock units on the date of signing was approximately $1.1 billion.  
  The Transaction is subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions, including the approval of Yahoo s stockholders.
  
         54   

Table of Contents  

   On September 22, 2016, Yahoo announced that it had confirmed that a copy of certain
information associated with at least 500 million user accounts was stolen from its network in late 2014. This could result in a material adverse effect under the terms of our agreement. We are continuing to evaluate the impacts of this event on the
transaction.       Other       On July 29, 2016, Verizon acquired Telogis, Inc., a global, cloud-based mobile enterprise management software business for $0.9 billion of cash consideration.   
  On July 30, 2016, we entered into an agreement (the Transaction Agreement) to acquire Fleetmatics, a public limited company incorporated
in Ireland. Fleetmatics is a leading global provider of fleet and mobile workforce management solutions. Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement, we will acquire Fleetmatics pursuant to a scheme of arrangement under the Irish Companies Act 2014
for $60.00 per ordinary share in cash, representing a value of approximately $2.4 billion. The acquisition is subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions, including the approval of Fleetmatics  shareholders and the sanction
of the scheme of arrangement by the Irish High Court. Approval from Fleetmatics  shareholders has been obtained. We expect this transaction to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.   
  From time to time, we enter into strategic agreements to acquire various other businesses and investments. See Note 2 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements for additional information.       

Other Factors That
May Affect Future Results     

Regulatory and Competitive Trends    
    There have been no material changes to Regulatory and Competitive Trends as previously disclosed in Part
I, Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and Part I, Item 1.  Business  in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.      

Environmental Matters    
    Reserves have been established to cover environmental matters relating to discontinued businesses and past
telecommunications activities. These reserves include funds to address contamination at the site of a former Sylvania facility in Hicksville, NY, which had processed nuclear fuel rods in the 1950s and 1960s. In September 2005, the Army Corps of
Engineers (ACE) accepted the site into its Formerly Utilized Sites Remedial Action Program. As a result, the ACE has taken primary responsibility for addressing the contamination at the site. An adjustment to the reserves may be made after a cost
allocation is conducted with respect to the past and future expenses of all of the parties. Adjustments to the environmental reserve may also be made based upon the actual conditions found at other sites requiring remediation.   

Critical Accounting Estimates    
     Goodwill       Our goodwill is treated as an indefinite-lived intangible asset and, therefore, is not amortized. Instead, our goodwill is tested for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter, unless there
are events requiring an earlier assessment or changes in circumstances during an interim period that indicate these assets may not be recoverable. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable and represent appropriate marketplace
considerations as of the valuation date. Although we use consistent methodologies in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations used in our impairment tests, these estimates are uncertain by nature and can
vary from actual results. It is possible that in the future there may be changes in our assumptions, including estimated cash flow projections, margins, growth rates and discount rate, which could result in different fair value estimates and an
impairment charge.       

Recently Issued Accounting Standards    
    See Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued
accounting standard updates not yet adopted as of September 30, 2016.  
         55   

Table of Contents  

Cautionary Statement
Concerning Forward-Looking Statements     
    In this report we have made forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our estimates
and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations. Forward-looking statements also include those preceded or
followed by the words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   hopes  or similar expressions. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.      The following important factors, along with those discussed elsewhere
in this report and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), could affect future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements:   

adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies;      

the effects of competition in the markets in which we operate;      

material changes in technology or technology substitution;      

disruption of our key suppliers  provisioning of products or services;      

changes in the regulatory environment in which we operate, including any increase in restrictions on our ability to operate our networks;

breaches of network or information technology security, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or acts of war or significant litigation and any
resulting financial impact not covered by insurance;          

our high level of indebtedness;          

an adverse change in the ratings afforded our debt securities by nationally accredited ratings organizations or adverse conditions in the credit
markets affecting the cost, including interest rates, and/or availability of further financing;          

material adverse changes in labor matters, including labor negotiations, and any resulting financial and/or operational impact;

significant increases in benefit plan costs or lower investment returns on plan assets;      

changes in tax laws or treaties, or in their interpretation;      

changes in accounting assumptions that regulatory agencies, including the SEC, may require or that result from changes in the accounting rules or
their application, which could result in an impact on earnings;          

the inability to implement our business strategies; and      

the inability to realize the expected benefits of strategic transactions.      
         56   

Table of Contents  

      Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
      Information relating to market risk is included in Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations under the caption  Market Risk.          Item 4. Controls and
Procedures       Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report that ensure that information relating to the registrant which is
required to be disclosed in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within required time periods using the criteria for effective internal control established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
September 30, 2016.      In the ordinary course of business, we routinely review our system of internal control over financial
reporting and make changes to our systems and processes that are intended to ensure an effective internal control environment. We are continuing an initiative to standardize and centralize transaction-processing activities within our accounting and
finance processes, which we expect to continue over the next several years. This initiative will incorporate certain changes in personnel as well. In connection with this initiative and the resulting changes in our accounting processes, the Company
has reviewed the design and documentation of our internal control system and enhanced our processes as needed to ensure that controls over our financial reporting remain effective.   
  Except as noted above, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the third quarter of
2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.       

Part II - Other Information     
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings    
  In October 2013, the California Attorney General s Office notified Verizon California Inc. and other Verizon companies of potential
violations of California state hazardous waste statutes primarily arising from the disposal of electronic components, batteries and aerosol cans at certain California facilities. We are cooperating with this investigation and continue to review
our operations relating to the management of hazardous waste. While penalties relating to the alleged violations could exceed $100,000, we do not expect that any penalties ultimately incurred will be material. On April 1, 2016, we
completed the sale to Frontier of our landline business operated by Verizon California Inc. and certain other Verizon landline companies. As a result of this transaction, Frontier now owns and operates Verizon California Inc. and has assumed the
liabilities of Verizon California Inc. that may arise as a result of these alleged violations.        Item 1A. Risk
Factors       There have been no material changes to our risk factors as previously disclosed in Part II, Item 1A. of our
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and Part I, Item 1A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.        Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       In March 2014, the Verizon Board of Directors authorized a three-year share buyback program to repurchase up to 100 million shares of the Company s common stock. Under the program, shares may be
repurchased in privately negotiated transactions and on the open market, including through plans complying with Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. The timing and number of shares purchased under the program, if any, will depend on market
conditions and the Company s capital allocation priorities.      Verizon did not repurchase any shares of Verizon common
stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the maximum number of shares that could be purchased by or on behalf of Verizon under our share buyback program was 97.2 million.  
         57   

Table of Contents  

      Item 6. Exhibits    

Exhibit     Number   
        
    Description    

12  
        
  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.   

31.1  
        
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2  
        
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1  
        
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2  
        
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS  
        
  XBRL Instance Document.   

101.SCH  
        
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101.PRE  
        
  XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document.   

101.CAL  
        
  XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101.LAB  
        
  XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document.   

101.DEF  
        
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
 
         58   

Table of Contents  

      Signature    
      Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.       

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

Date: October 26, 2016  

By  
     
  /s/ Anthony T. Skiadas   

Anthony T. Skiadas   

Senior Vice President and Controller   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   
 
         59   

Table of Contents  

    Exhibit Index    

Exhibit Number   
        
    Description    

12  
        
  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.   

31.1  
        
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2  
        
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1  
        
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2  
        
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS  
        
  XBRL Instance Document.   

101.SCH  
        
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   

101.PRE  
        
  XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document.   

101.CAL  
        
  XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101.LAB  
        
  XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document.   

101.DEF  
        
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
       
         60   

<EX-12>
 2
 d257047dex12.htm
 EX-12

EX-12 

EXHIBIT 12        Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges       Verizon Communications
Inc. and Subsidiaries       

(1)   
        We classify
interest expense recognized on uncertain tax positions as income tax expense and therefore such interest expense is not included in the Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.      

</EX-12>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d257047dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1       I, Lowell C. McAdam, certify that:       

1.  
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Verizon Communications Inc.;      

2.  
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.  
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;          

4.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a)  
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

(b)  
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)  
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and          

(d)  
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a)  
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and          

(b)  
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.          

Date: October 26, 2016  

/s/ Lowell C. McAdam   

Lowell C. McAdam   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d257047dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2       I, Francis J. Shammo, certify that:       

1.  
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Verizon Communications Inc.;      

2.  
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.  
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;          

4.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a)  
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

(b)  
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)  
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and          

(d)  
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and      

5.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a)  
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and          

(b)  
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.          

Date: October 26, 2016  

/s/ Francis J. Shammo   

Francis J. Shammo   

Executive Vice President              and Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d257047dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE   
  I, Lowell C. McAdam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Verizon Communications Inc. (the Company), certify that:   

(1)  
    the report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2016 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act); and          

(2)  
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
as of the dates and for the periods referred to in the Report.          

Date: October 26, 2016  

/s/ Lowell C. McAdam   

Lowell C. McAdam   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   
    A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Verizon Communications Inc. and will be retained by Verizon
Communications Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.         

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d257047dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2       CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE   
  I, Francis J. Shammo, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Verizon Communications Inc. (the Company), certify that:   

(1)  
    the report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2016 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act); and          

(2)  
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
as of the dates and for the periods referred to in the Report.          

Date: October 26, 2016  

/s/ Francis J. Shammo   

Francis J. Shammo   

Executive Vice President              and Chief Financial Officer    
    A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Verizon Communications Inc. and will be retained by Verizon
Communications Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 vz-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 vz-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 vz-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 vz-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 vz-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 vz-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

