<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161202_10-Q_edgar_data_764478_0000764478-16-000093_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8009200</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>129485</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>481016</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2810703</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3450546</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>967859</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>47</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000764478-16-000093.hdr.sgml : 20161202
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161202164321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000764478-16-000093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161029
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161202
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161202

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEST BUY CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000764478
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RADIO TV & CONSUMER ELECTRONICS STORES [5731]
		IRS NUMBER:				410907483
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0201

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09595
		FILM NUMBER:		162031631

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7601 PENN AVE SOUTH
		CITY:			RICHFIELD
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55423
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6122911000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7601 PENN AVE SOUTH
		CITY:			RICHFIELD
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55423

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BEST BUYS CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900809

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000764478-16-000093.txt : 20161202

10-Q
 1
 bby10291610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    
  FORM 10-Q    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   October 29, 2016    
    
  OR    

For the transition period from            to                
    
  Commission File Number: 1-9595 

BEST BUY CO., INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Minnesota 
      
    41-0907483 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

7601 Penn Avenue South 

Richfield, Minnesota 
      
    55423 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(612) 291-1000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)    
  N/A 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x   No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x   No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                   Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer     
      
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes       No   x 
  The registrant had   313,826,197   shares of common stock outstanding as of   November 30, 2016  . 

Table of Contents  

BEST BUY CO., INC. 
  FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED   OCTOBER 29, 2016    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
  ($ in millions) (unaudited) 

NOTE:  The Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   January 30, 2016  , has been condensed from the audited consolidated financial statements. 
    
  See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
  ($ and shares in millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
  ($ in millions) (unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

5 

Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Change in Shareholders' Equity  
  ($ and shares in millions) (unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  ($ in millions) (unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (unaudited) 

1. 
    Basis of Presentation 
       
  Unless the context otherwise requires, the use of the terms  Best Buy,   we,   us  and  our  in these Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements refers to Best Buy Co., Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
    
  In the opinion of management, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation as prescribed by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). All adjustments were comprised of normal recurring adjustments, except as noted in these Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Historically, we have generated a higher proportion of our revenue and earnings in the fiscal fourth quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. Due to the seasonal nature of our business, interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire fiscal year. The interim financial statements and the related notes in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016  . The first   nine   months of fiscal   2017   and fiscal   2016   included   39   weeks.  
    
  In order to align our fiscal reporting periods and comply with statutory filing requirements, we consolidate the financial results of our Mexico operations on a   one  -month lag. Our policy is to accelerate recording the effect of events occurring in the lag period that significantly affect our condensed consolidated financial statements. No such events were identified for this period. 
    
  In preparing the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, we evaluated the period from   October 30, 2016  , through the date the financial statements were issued, for material subsequent events requiring recognition or disclosure. No such events were identified for this period. 
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers,   as a new topic, Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 606. The new guidance provides a comprehensive framework for the analysis of revenue transactions and will apply to all of our revenue streams. We plan to adopt this standard in the first quarter of our fiscal 2019, which aligns with the required adoption date; however, we have not concluded on our method of transition upon adoption. While we are still in the process of evaluating the effect of adoption on our financial statements, we do not currently expect a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases.   The new guidance was issued to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring most leases to be included on the balance sheet and by expanding disclosure requirements. Based on the effective dates, the new guidance would first apply in the first quarter of our fiscal 2020. While we expect adoption to lead to a material increase in the assets and liabilities recorded on our balance sheet, we are still evaluating the overall impact on our financial statements.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation-Stock Compensation:  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   The new guidance changes certain aspects of accounting for share-based payments including accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and classifications in the statement of cash flows. We plan to adopt this standard in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, which aligns with the required adoption date. We are still in the process of evaluating the standard and the effect of adoption on our financial statements. 
    
  Changes in Accounting Principles 
    
  In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we retrospectively adopted ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ;     ASU 2015-15,   Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  ; and ASU 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.   The adoption did not have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position.  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

The following table reconciles the balance sheet line items impacted by the adoption of these standards at   October 31, 2015  : 

2. 
    Discontinued Operations 
       
  Discontinued operations are primarily comprised of Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co., Limited ("Five Star") within our International segment. In February 2015, we completed the sale of Five Star and recognized a gain on sale of $99 million. Following the sale of Five Star, we continued to hold as available for sale one retail property in Shanghai, China. In May 2016, we completed the sale of the property and recognized a gain, net of income tax, of   $16 million  . The gain on sale of the property is included in Other, net within operating activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The presentation of discontinued operations has been retrospectively applied to all prior periods presented.  
    
  The aggregate financial results of discontinued operations were as follows ($ in millions): 

3.    Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. To measure fair value, we use a three-tier valuation hierarchy based upon observable and non-observable inputs: 
    
  Level 1     Unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. 
    
  Level 2     Significant other observable inputs available at the measurement date, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, either directly or indirectly, including: 

Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; 
                
    Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets; 
                
    Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and 
                
    Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by other observable market data. 
       
  Level 3     Significant unobservable inputs that cannot be corroborated by observable market data and reflect the use of significant management judgment. These values are generally determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize management s estimates of market participant assumptions. 
    
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
    
  The fair value hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available. In instances where the inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the fair value measurement has been determined based on  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular item to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, including the consideration of inputs specific to the asset or liability.  
    
  The following table sets forth, by level within the fair value hierarchy, our financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis at   October 29, 2016  ,   January 30, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , according to the valuation techniques we used to determine their fair values ($ in millions). 

During the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  , our remaining investments in auction rate securities ("ARS") were called at par, which resulted in proceeds of $  2 million   and no realized gain or loss. As of   October 29, 2016  , we had no items measured at fair value on a recurring basis that used significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). For the periods ended   January 30, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , there were no changes in the beginning and ending balances of items measured at fair value on a recurring basis that used significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).  
    
  The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument: 
    
  Money market funds.    Our money market fund investments were measured at fair value as they trade in an active market using quoted market prices and, therefore, were classified as Level 1. 
    
  Commercial paper.    Our investments in commercial paper were measured using inputs based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets and, therefore, were classified as Level 2. 
    
  Time deposits.    Our time deposits are balances held with banking institutions that cannot be withdrawn for specified terms without a penalty. Time deposits are held at face value plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value, and are classified as Level 2.  
    
  Corporate bonds.    Our corporate bond investments were measured at fair value using quoted market prices. They were classified as Level 2 as they trade in a non-active market for which bond prices are readily available.  

10 

     Table of Contents  

Foreign currency derivative instruments.    Comprised primarily of foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency swap contracts, our foreign currency derivative instruments were measured at fair value using readily observable market inputs, such as quotations on forward foreign exchange points and foreign interest rates. Our foreign currency derivative instruments were classified as Level 2 as these instruments are custom, over-the-counter contracts with various bank counterparties that are not traded in an active market. 
    
  Interest rate swap derivative instruments.    Our interest rate swap contracts were measured at fair value using readily observable inputs, such as the LIBOR interest rate. Our interest rate swap derivative instruments were classified as Level 2 as these instruments are custom, over-the-counter contracts with various bank counterparties that are not traded in an active market.  
    
  Auction rate securities.    Our investments in ARS were classified as Level 3 as quoted prices were unavailable. Due to limited market information, we utilized a discounted cash flow ("DCF") model to derive an estimate of fair value. The assumptions we used in preparing the DCF model included estimates with respect to the amount and timing of future interest and principal payments, forward projections of the interest rate benchmarks, the probability of full repayment of the principal considering the credit quality and guarantees in place and the rate of return required by investors to own such securities given the current liquidity risk associated with ARS. 
    
  Marketable securities that fund deferred compensation.    The assets that fund our deferred compensation consist of investments in mutual funds. These investments were classified as Level 1 as the shares of these mutual funds trade with sufficient frequency and volume to enable us to obtain pricing information on an ongoing basis. 
    
  Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
    
  Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis relate primarily to our tangible fixed assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, which are remeasured when the derived fair value is below carrying value on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. For these assets, we do not periodically adjust carrying value to fair value, except in the event of impairment. When we determine that impairment has occurred, the carrying value of the asset is reduced to fair value and the difference is recorded within operating income in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
    
  The following table summarizes the fair value remeasurements for non-restructuring property and equipment impairments and restructuring impairments recorded during the three and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015   ($ in millions): 

(1) 
    Remaining net carrying value approximates fair value. Because assets subject to long-lived asset impairment are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, certain fair value measurements presented in the table may reflect values at earlier measurement dates and may no longer represent the fair values at   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  . 
              (2) 
    See Note 5,   Restructuring Charges  , for additional information. 
       
  All of the fair value remeasurements included in the table above were based on significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). Fixed asset fair values were derived using a DCF model to estimate the present value of net cash flows that the asset or asset group was expected to generate. The key inputs to the DCF model generally included our forecasts of net cash generated from revenue, expenses and other significant cash outflows, such as capital expenditures, as well as an appropriate discount rate. In the case of assets for which the impairment was the result of restructuring activities, no future cash flows have been assumed as the assets will cease to be used and expected sale values are nominal. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  Our financial instruments, other than those presented in the disclosures above, include cash, receivables, other investments, accounts payable, other payables and long-term debt. The fair values of cash, receivables, accounts payable and other payables approximated carrying values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. If these instruments were measured at fair value in the financial statements, they would be classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. Fair values for other investments held at cost are not readily available, but we estimate that the carrying values for these investments approximate fair value. See Note 6,   Debt  , for information about the fair value of our long-term debt. 

4.    Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
    
  The carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived tradenames for the Domestic segment were   $425 million   and   $18 million  , respectively, at   October 29, 2016  , and   $425 million   and   $18 million  , respectively, at   January 30, 2016  . The changes in the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived tradenames by segment were as follows in the   nine   months ended   October 31, 2015   ($ in millions): 

(1) 
    Represents the Future Shop tradename impairment as a result of the Canadian brand consolidation in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. See Note 5,   Restructuring Charges  , for further discussion of the Canadian brand consolidation. 
       
  The following table provides the gross carrying amount of goodwill and cumulative goodwill impairment ($ in millions): 

5.    Restructuring Charges 
    
  Charges incurred in the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , for our restructuring activities were as follows ($ in millions): 

(1) 
    Represents activity related to our remaining vacant space liability, primarily in our International segment, for our Renew Blue restructuring program, which began in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. We may continue to incur immaterial adjustments to the liability for changes in sublease assumptions or potential lease buyouts. In addition, lease payments for vacated stores will continue until leases expire or are terminated. The remaining vacant space liability was   $10 million   at   October 29, 2016  . 
              (2) 
    Represents activity related to our remaining vacant space liability for U.S. large-format store closures in fiscal 2013. We may continue to incur immaterial adjustments to the liability for changes in sublease assumptions or potential lease buyouts. In addition, lease payments for vacated stores will continue until leases expire or are terminated. The remaining vacant space liability was   $12 million   at   October 29, 2016  . 
       
  Renew Blue Phase 2 
    
  In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we took several strategic actions to eliminate and simplify certain components of our operations and restructure certain field and corporate teams as part of our Renew Blue Phase 2 plan. We recorded an expense of   $1 million   and   $26 million   related to Phase 2 of the plan during the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  ,  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

respectively. The expense consisted primarily of employee termination benefits and property and equipment impairments. All restructuring charges related to this plan are from continuing operations and are presented in restructuring charges in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings.  
    
  The composition of the restructuring charges we incurred during the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , for Renew Blue Phase 2 was as follows ($ in millions): 
                               
    Domestic 
        
    October 29, 2016 
        
    Three Months Ended 
      
    Nine Months Ended 
      Property and equipment impairments 
    $ 
    1 

$ 
    8 
      
      Termination benefits 

18 
      
      Total Renew Blue Phase 2 restructuring charges 
    $ 
    1 

$ 
    26 

The following table summarizes our restructuring accrual activity during the   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , related to termination benefits as a result of Renew Blue Phase 2 ($ in millions): 

(1) Adjustments to termination benefits primarily represent changes in retention assumptions. 
    
  Canadian Brand Consolidation 
    
  In the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , we consolidated the Future Shop and Best Buy stores and websites in Canada under the Best Buy brand. This resulted in the permanent closure of   66   Future Shop stores and the conversion of the remaining   65   Future Shop stores to the Best Buy brand. In the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , we recognized benefits of   $2 million   and   $1 million   related to our Canadian brand consolidation, respectively, which was due to changes in our facility closure and other costs assumptions. In the   third quarter   of fiscal   2016  , we incurred   $5 million   of restructuring charges related to lease exit costs and employee termination benefits. In the first   nine   months of   2016   we incurred   $189 million   of restructuring charges, which primarily consisted of lease exit costs, a tradename impairment, property and equipment impairments, employee termination benefits and inventory write-downs.  
    
  The inventory write-downs related to our Canadian brand consolidation are presented in restructuring charges   cost of goods sold in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings, and the remainder of the restructuring charges are presented in restructuring charges in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings.  
    
  The composition of total restructuring charges we incurred for the Canadian brand consolidation in the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , as well as the cumulative amount incurred through   October 29, 2016  , was as follows ($ in millions): 

13 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables summarize our restructuring accrual activity during the   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , related to termination benefits and facility closure and other costs associated with the Canadian brand consolidation ($ in millions): 

(1) Adjustments to facility closure and other costs represent changes in sublease assumptions. Adjustments to termination benefits represent changes in retention assumptions. 

6.    Debt 
    
  Short-Term Debt 
    
  U.S. Revolving Credit Facility    
    
  On June 27, 2016, we entered into a $1.25 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the "Five-Year Facility Agreement") with a syndicate of banks. The Five-Year Facility Agreement replaced the previous $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Previous Facility") with a syndicate of banks, which was originally scheduled to expire in June 2019, but was terminated on June 27, 2016. The Five-Year Facility Agreement permits borrowings up to $1.25 billion and expires in June 2021. At   October 29, 2016  , there were no borrowings outstanding and $1.25 billion was available under the Five-Year Facility Agreement. In addition, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Previous Facility as of   January 30, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  . 
    
  The interest rate under the Five-Year Facility Agreement is variable and is determined at our option as: (i) the sum of (a) the greatest of (1) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.'s prime rate, (2) the greater of the federal funds rate and the overnight bank funding rate plus, in each case, 0.5% and (3) the one-month London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ), subject to certain adjustments plus 1% and (b) a variable margin rate (the  ABR Margin  or (ii) the LIBOR plus a variable margin rate (the  LIBOR Margin ). In addition, a facility fee is assessed on the commitment amount. The ABR Margin, LIBOR Margin and the facility fee are based upon our current senior unsecured debt rating. Under the Five-Year Facility Agreement, the ABR Margin ranges from 0.00% to 0.50%, the LIBOR Margin ranges from 0.90% to 1.50%, and the facility fee ranges from 0.100% to 0.250%.  
    
  The Five-Year Facility Agreement is guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries and contains customary affirmative and negative covenants materially consistent with the Previous Facility. Among other things, these covenants restrict our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to incur certain types or amounts of indebtedness, incur liens on certain assets, make material changes in corporate structure or the nature of our business, dispose of material assets, engage in a change in control transaction, make certain foreign investments, enter into certain restrictive agreements or engage in certain transactions with affiliates. The Five-Year Facility Agreement also contains covenants that require us to maintain a maximum quarterly cash flow leverage ratio and a minimum quarterly interest coverage ratio (both ratios measured quarterly for the previous 12 months). The Five-Year Facility Agreement contains default provisions including, but not limited to, failure to pay interest or principal when due and failure to comply with covenants. 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Long-Term Debt 
    
  Long-term debt consisted of the following ($ in millions): 

The fair value of total long-term debt, excluding debt discounts and issuance costs and financing and capital lease obligations, approximated   $1,260 million  ,   $1,543 million   and   $1,587 million   at   October 29, 2016  ,   January 30, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , respectively, based primarily on the market prices quoted from external sources, compared with carrying values of   $1,163 million  ,   $1,525 million   and   $1,509 million  , respectively. If long-term debt was measured at fair value in the financial statements, it would be classified primarily as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  See Note 5,   Debt  , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016  , for additional information regarding the terms of our debt facilities, debt instruments and other obligations. 

7.    Derivative Instruments 
    
  We manage our economic and transaction exposure to certain risks through the use of foreign currency and interest rate swap derivative instruments. Our objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of net earnings, cash flows and net asset value associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We do not hold derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We have no derivatives that have credit risk-related contingent features, and we mitigate our credit risk by engaging with major financial institutions as our counterparties. 
    
  We record all derivative instruments on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value and evaluate hedge effectiveness prospectively and retrospectively when electing to apply hedge accounting. We formally document all hedging relations at inception for derivative hedges and the underlying hedged items, as well as the risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking the hedge transaction. In addition, we have derivatives which are not designated as hedging instruments. 
    
  Net Investment Hedges 
    
  We use foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge against the effect of Canadian dollar exchange rate fluctuations on a portion of our net investment in our Canadian operations. The contracts have terms up to   12 months  . For a net investment hedge, we recognize changes in the fair value of the derivative as a component of foreign currency translation within other comprehensive income to offset a portion of the change in translated value of the net investment being hedged, until the investment is sold or liquidated. We limit recognition in net earnings of amounts previously recorded in other comprehensive income to circumstances such as complete or substantially complete liquidation of the net investment in the hedged foreign operation. We report the ineffective portion of the gain or loss, if any, in net earnings. 
    
  Interest Rate Swaps 
    
  We use "receive fixed-rate, pay variable-rate" interest rate swaps to mitigate the effect of interest rate fluctuations on a portion of our 2018 Notes and 2021 Notes. Our interest rate swap contracts are considered perfect hedges because the critical terms and  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

notional amounts match those of our fixed-rate debt being hedged and are, therefore, accounted as fair value hedges using the shortcut method. Under the shortcut method, we recognize the change in the fair value of the derivatives with an offsetting change to the carrying value of the debt. Accordingly, there is no impact on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings from the fair value of the derivatives.  
    
  Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
    
  We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to recognized receivable and payable balances denominated in non-functional currencies and on certain forecast inventory purchases denominated in non-functional currencies. The contracts generally have terms of up to   12   months. These derivative instruments are not designated as hedging relationships, and, therefore, we record gains and losses on these contracts directly to net earnings.  
    
  Summary of Derivative Balances 
    
  The following table presents the gross fair values for outstanding derivative instruments and the corresponding classification at   October 29, 2016  ,   January 30, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015   ($ in millions): 

(1)  
    The fair value is recorded in other current assets or accrued liabilities. 
              (2)  
    The fair value is recorded in other assets or long-term liabilities. 
          
  The following table presents the effects of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income ("OCI") and on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015   ($ in millions):  
                                                                               
    Three Months Ended 
      
    Nine Months Ended 
        
    October 29, 2016 
      
    October 31, 2015 
      
    October 29, 2016 
      
    October 31, 2015 
      Contract Type 
    Pre-tax Gain(Loss) Recognized in OCI 
      
    Gain(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI to Earnings (Effective Portion) 
      
    Pre-tax Gain(Loss) Recognized in OCI 
      
    Gain(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI to Earnings (Effective Portion) 
      
    Pre-tax Gain(Loss) Recognized in OCI 
      
    Gain(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI to Earnings (Effective Portion) 
      
    Pre-tax Gain(Loss) Recognized in OCI 
      
    Gain(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI to Earnings (Effective Portion) 
      Derivatives designated as net investment hedges 
    $ 
    6 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 
    (10 
    ) 
      
    $ 

$ 
    6 

$ 

The following tables present the effects of derivative instruments on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015   ($ in millions): 

16 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the notional amounts of our derivative instruments at   October 29, 2016  ,   January 30, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015   ($ in millions): 

8.    Earnings per Share 
    
  We compute our basic earnings per share based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and our diluted earnings per share based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding adjusted by the number of additional shares that would have been outstanding had potentially dilutive common shares been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include stock options, nonvested share awards and shares issuable under our employee stock purchase plan. Nonvested market-based share awards and nonvested performance-based share awards are included in the average diluted shares outstanding for each period if established market or performance criteria have been met at the end of the respective periods. 
    
  The following table presents a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015   ($ and shares in millions, except per share amounts): 

The computation of weighted-average common shares outstanding, assuming dilution, excluded options to purchase   6.3 million   and   10.1 million   shares of or common stock for the   three   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , respectively, and options to purchase   6.9 million   and   10.0 million   shares of our common stock for the   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , respectively. These amounts were excluded as the options  exercise prices were greater than the average market price of our common stock for the periods presented, and, therefore, the effect would be anti-dilutive (i.e., including such options would result in higher earnings per share). 

17 

Table of Contents  

9.    Comprehensive Income 
    
  The following tables provide a reconciliation of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, attributable to Best Buy Co., Inc. for the   three   and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015   ($ in millions): 

The gains and losses on our net investment hedges, which are included in foreign currency translation adjustments, were not material for the periods presented. There is generally no tax impact related to foreign currency translation adjustments, as the earnings are considered permanently reinvested.  

10.    Repurchase of Common Stock 
    
  We have a   $5.0 billion   share repurchase program that was authorized by our Board of Directors in June 2011. There is no expiration date governing the period over which we can repurchase shares under the June 2011 share repurchase program. As of   January 30, 2016  ,   $3.0 billion   remained available for share repurchases. On February 25, 2016, we announced our intent to repurchase up to an additional   $1.0 billion   over   two years  .  
    
  On January 22, 2016, we entered into a variable notional accelerated share repurchase agreement ("ASR") with a third party financial institution to repurchase   $150 million   to   $175 million   of our common stock. Under the agreement, we paid   $175 million   at the beginning of the contract and received an initial delivery of   4.4 million   shares on   January 25, 2016  . We retired these shares and recorded a   $120 million   reduction to shareholders' equity. As of   January 30, 2016  , the remaining   $55 million   was included as a reduction of shareholders' equity in Prepaid share repurchase in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The ASR was settled on February 17, 2016, for a final notional amount of   $165 million  . Accordingly, we received   1.6 million   shares, which were retired, and a   $10 million   cash payment from our counter-party equal to the difference between the   $175 million   up-front payment and the final notional amount.  

18 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents information regarding the shares we repurchased during the   three   months and   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015   ($ and shares in millions, except per share amounts): 

(1) 
    As of   October 29, 2016  ,   $11 million  , or   0.3 million   shares, in trades remained unsettled. As of   October 31, 2015  ,   $3 million  , or   0.1 million   shares, in trades remained unsettled. The liability for unsettled trades is included in Accrued liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
       
  At   October 29, 2016  , approximately   $2.5 billion   remained available for additional purchases under the June 2011 share repurchase program. Repurchased shares are retired and constitute authorized but unissued shares.  

11.    Segments 
    
  Our chief operating decision maker ("CODM") is our Chief Executive Officer. Our business is organized into   two   segments: Domestic (which is comprised of all operations within the U.S. and its districts and territories) and International (which is comprised of all operations outside the U.S. and its territories). Our CODM has ultimate responsibility for enterprise decisions. Our CODM determines, in particular, resource allocation for, and monitors performance of, the consolidated enterprise, the Domestic segment and the International segment. The Domestic and International segment managers have responsibility for operating decisions, allocating resources and assessing performance within their respective segments. Our CODM relies on internal management reporting that analyzes enterprise results to the net earnings level and segment results to the operating income level.  
    
  We aggregate our Canada and Mexico businesses into one International operating segment. Our Domestic and International operating segments also represent our reportable segments. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 1,   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016  . 
    
  Revenue by reportable segment was as follows ($ in millions): 

19 

     Table of Contents  

Operating income (loss) by reportable segment and the reconciliation to earnings from continuing operations before income tax expense were as follows ($ in millions): 

Assets by reportable segment were as follows ($ in millions): 

12.    Contingencies 
    
  We are involved in a number of legal proceedings. Where appropriate, we have made accruals with respect to these matters, which are reflected in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. However, there are cases where liability is not probable or the amount cannot be reasonably estimated and, therefore, accruals have not been made. We provide disclosure of matters where we believe it is reasonably possible the impact may be material to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Securities Actions 
    
  In February 2011, a purported class action lawsuit captioned,   IBEW Local 98 Pension Fund, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Best Buy Co., Inc., et al.  , was filed against us and certain of our executive officers in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota. This federal court action alleges, among other things, that we and the officers named in the complaint violated Sections 10(b) and 20A of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange Act in connection with press releases and other statements relating to our fiscal 2011 earnings guidance that had been made available to the public. Additionally, in March 2011, a similar purported class action was filed by a single shareholder, Rene LeBlanc, against us and certain of our executive officers in the same court. In July 2011, after consolidation of the IBEW Local 98 Pension Fund and Rene LeBlanc actions, a consolidated complaint captioned,   IBEW Local 98 Pension Fund v. Best Buy Co., Inc., et al.  , was filed and served. We filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint in September 2011, and in March 2012, subsequent to the end of fiscal 2012, the court issued a decision dismissing the action with prejudice. In April 2012, the plaintiffs filed a motion to alter or amend the court's decision on our motion to dismiss. In October 2012, the court granted plaintiff's motion to alter or amend the court's decision on our motion to dismiss in part by vacating such decision and giving plaintiff leave to file an amended complaint, which plaintiff did in October 2012. We filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint in November 2012 and all responsive pleadings were filed in December 2012. A hearing was held on April 26, 2013. On August 5, 2013, the court issued an order granting our motion to dismiss in part and, contrary to its March 2012 order, denying the motion to dismiss in part, holding that certain of the statements alleged to have been made were not forward-looking statements and therefore were not subject to the  safe-harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Plaintiffs moved to certify the purported class. By Order filed August 6, 2014, the court certified a class of persons or entities who acquired Best Buy common stock between 10:00 a.m. EDT on September 14, 2010, and December 13, 2010, and who were damaged by the alleged violations of law. The 8th Circuit Court of Appeals granted our request for interlocutory appeal. On April 12, 2016, the 8th Circuit held the trial court misapplied the law and reversed the class certification order. IBEW petitioned the 8th Circuit for a rehearing   en banc  , which was denied on June 1, 2016. In October 2016, IBEW advised the trial court it will not seek review by the Supreme Court. The trial court has set a January 2017 conference to discuss next steps. We continue to believe that these allegations are without merit and intend to vigorously defend our company in this matter. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

In June 2011, a purported shareholder derivative action captioned,   Salvatore M. Talluto, Derivatively and on Behalf of Best Buy Co., Inc. v. Richard M. Schulze, et al.  , as Defendants and Best Buy Co., Inc. as Nominal Defendant, was filed against both present and former members of our Board of Directors serving during the relevant periods in fiscal 2011 and us as a nominal defendant in the U.S. District Court for the State of Minnesota. The lawsuit alleges that the director defendants breached their fiduciary duty, among other claims, including violation of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, in failing to correct public misrepresentations and material misstatements and/or omissions regarding our fiscal 2011 earnings projections and, for certain directors, selling stock while in possession of material adverse non-public information. Additionally, in July 2011, a similar purported class action was filed by a single shareholder, Daniel Himmel, against us and certain of our executive officers in the same court. In November 2011, the respective lawsuits of Salvatore M. Talluto and Daniel Himmel were consolidated into a new action captioned, In   Re: Best Buy Co., Inc. Shareholder Derivative Litigation  , and a stay ordered pending the close of discovery in the consolidated   IBEW Local 98 Pension Fund v. Best Buy Co., Inc., et al.   case. Additionally, in June 2015, a similar purported class action was filed by a single shareholder, Khuong Tran, derivatively on behalf of Best Buy Co., Inc. against us and certain of our executive officers and directors in the same court. The Khuong Tran lawsuit has also been stayed pending the close of discovery in IBEW. 
    
  The plaintiffs in the above securities actions seek damages, including interest, equitable relief and reimbursement of the costs and expenses they incurred in the lawsuits. As stated above, we believe the allegations in the above securities actions are without merit, and we intend to defend these actions vigorously. Based on our assessment of the facts underlying the claims in the above securities actions, their respective procedural litigation history and the degree to which we intend to defend our company in these matters, the amount or range of reasonably possible losses, if any, cannot be estimated. 
    
  Cathode Ray Tube Action 
    
  On November 14, 2011, we filed a lawsuit captioned   In re Cathode Ray Tube Antitrust Litigation   in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. We alleged that the defendants engaged in price fixing in violation of antitrust regulations relating to cathode ray tubes for the time period between March 1, 1995, through November 25, 2007. In connection with this action, we received settlement proceeds, net of legal expenses and costs, in the amount of   $75 million   during fiscal 2016. In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we settled with the remaining defendants for   $161 million  , net of legal expenses and costs;   $127 million   of which we have received and   $34 million   of which we expect to receive in January 2017 or earlier.  Settlement proceeds were recognized in Cost of goods sold with the associated legal expenses recorded in SG A. This matter is now resolved. 
    
  Other Legal Proceedings 
    
  We are involved in various other legal proceedings arising in the normal course of conducting business. For such legal proceedings, we have accrued an amount that reflects the aggregate liability deemed probable and estimable, but this amount is not material to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Because of the preliminary nature of many of these proceedings, the difficulty in ascertaining the applicable facts relating to many of these proceedings, the variable treatment of claims made in many of these proceedings and the difficulty of predicting the settlement value of many of these proceedings, we are not able to estimate an amount or range of any reasonably possible additional losses. However, based upon our historical experience, the resolution of these proceedings is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

21 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
       
  Unless the context otherwise requires, the use of the terms  Best Buy,   we,   us  and  our  in the following refers to Best Buy Co., Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Any references to our website addresses do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the websites. 
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Unless otherwise noted, transactions and other factors significantly impacting our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity are discussed in order of magnitude. Our MD A is presented in eight sections: 

Overview 
                
    Business Strategy Update 
                
    Results of Operations 
                
    Liquidity and Capital Resources 
                
    Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
                
    Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates 
                
    New Accounting Pronouncements 
                
    Safe Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 
       
  Our MD A should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016   (including the information presented therein under   Risk Factors  ), as well as our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and other publicly available information. All amounts herein are unaudited. 

Overview 
    
  We are a leading provider of technology products, services and solutions. We offer these products and services to the customers who visit our stores, engage with Geek Squad agents or use our websites or mobile applications. We have operations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and China. We operate two reportable segments: Domestic and International. The Domestic segment is comprised of all operations within the U.S. and its districts and territories. The International segment is comprised of all operations outside the U.S. and its territories.  
    
  Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal. A higher proportion of our revenue and earnings is generated in the fiscal fourth quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season in the U.S., Canada and Mexico ("Holiday").  
    
  Throughout this MD A, we refer to comparable sales. Our comparable sales calculation compares revenue from stores, websites and call centers operating for at least 14 full months, as well as revenue related to certain other comparable sales channels for a particular period to the corresponding period in the prior year. Relocated stores, as well as remodeled, expanded and downsized stores closed more than 14 days, are excluded from the comparable sales calculation until at least 14 full months after reopening. Acquisitions are included in the comparable sales calculation beginning with the first full quarter following the first anniversary of the date of the acquisition. The calculation of comparable sales excludes the impact of revenue from discontinued operations and the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates (applicable to our International segment only). The Canadian brand consolidation, which included the permanent closure of 66 Future Shop stores, the conversion of 65 Future Shop stores to Best Buy stores and the elimination of the Future Shop website, has a material impact on a year-over-year basis on the remaining Canadian retail stores and the website. As such, beginning in fiscal 2016, all Canadian store and website revenue has been removed from the comparable sales base and the International segment no longer has a comparable metric. Therefore, Enterprise comparable sales equals the Domestic segment comparable sales. Beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, we believe the International segment will be comparable on a year-over-year basis and expect to report comparable sales for the International segment henceforth. At that time, Enterprise comparable sales will cease being equal to Domestic comparable sales and instead will equal the sum of Domestic and International comparable sales as they were before the Canadian brand consolidation. The method of calculating comparable sales varies across the retail industry. As a result, our method of calculating comparable sales may not be the same as other retailers' methods.  
    
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  This MD A includes financial information prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"), as well as certain adjusted or non-GAAP financial measures such as constant currency, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP effective tax rate, non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations, non-GAAP diluted earnings per  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

share ("EPS") from continuing operations and non-GAAP debt to earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and rent ("EBITDAR") ratio. We believe that non-GAAP financial measures, when reviewed in conjunction with GAAP financial measures, can provide more information to assist investors in evaluating current period performance and in assessing future performance. For these reasons, our internal management reporting also includes non-GAAP measures. Generally, non-GAAP measures include adjustments for items such as restructuring charges, goodwill impairments, non-restructuring asset impairments and gains or losses on investments. In addition, certain other items may be excluded from non-GAAP financial measures when we believe this provides greater clarity to management and our investors. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not superior to or as a substitute for, GAAP financial measures. We strongly encourage investors and shareholders to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Non-GAAP measures as presented herein may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
    
  In our discussions of the operating results of our consolidated business and our International segment, we sometimes refer to the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which are references to the differences between the foreign currency exchange rates we use to convert the International segment s operating results from local currencies into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. We also use the term "constant currency", which represents results adjusted to exclude foreign currency impacts. We calculate those impacts as the difference between the current period results translated using the current period currency exchange rates and using the comparable prior period currency exchange rates. We believe the disclosure of revenue changes in constant currency provides useful supplementary information to investors in light of significant fluctuations in currency rates and our ongoing inability to report comparable store sales for the International segment as a result of the Canadian brand consolidation. 
    
  Refer to the   Non-GAAP Financial Measures   section below for the detailed reconciliation of items that impacted the non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP effective tax rate, non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations and non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations in the presented periods. 
    
  Refer to the   Other Financial Measures   section below for the detailed reconciliation of items that impacted the non-GAAP debt to EBITDAR ratio. Management believes this ratio is an important indicator of our creditworthiness. Furthermore, we believe that our non-GAAP debt to EBITDAR ratio is important for understanding our financial position and provides meaningful additional information about our ability to service our long-term debt and other fixed obligations and to fund our future growth. We also believe our non-GAAP debt to EBITDAR ratio is relevant because it enables investors to compare our indebtedness to that of retailers who own, rather than lease, their stores. Our decision to own or lease real estate is based on an assessment of our financial liquidity, our capital structure, our desire to own or to lease the location, the owner s desire to own or to lease the location and the alternative that results in the highest return to our shareholders. 

Business Strategy Update 
    
  In the third quarter of fiscal 2017, we delivered growth on both our top and bottom lines, with Enterprise revenue of $8.95 billion, an increase of 1.4% versus the prior year, and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.60, an increase of 62.2% versus the prior year. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 51.2% from $0.41 in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 to $0.62 in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. These results were due to the strong performance in both our Domestic and International segments. 
    
  In our Domestic segment, we delivered comparable sales growth of 1.8% for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. This was on top of comparable sales growth of 0.8% for the third quarter of fiscal 2016. We saw continued positive momentum in our online channel, delivering a 24.1% Domestic segment online comparable sales growth in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 versus 18.3% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. From an overall merchandising perspective, we saw year-over-year sales growth in home theater, mobile and emerging categories like wearables and connected home, partially offset by continued softness in gaming. 
    
  We also continued to see considerable year-over-year improvement in our Net Promoter Score, which increased approximately 400 basis points compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  
    
  In our International segment, revenue grew 3.3% in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue grew 4.0% in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to last year. 
    
  The recent highly-publicized product recalls in mobile phones and appliances did have a negative impact on the third quarter of fiscal 2017, particularly during October. We expect the magnitude of the impact to be more material in the fourth quarter as the impact will be on the entire fourth quarter versus only a part of the third quarter.  

23 

     Table of Contents  

We have continued to make progress against our fiscal 2017 priorities. The first priority is to build on our industry position and multi-channel capabilities to drive the existing business. Below is an overview of our progress against these initiatives: 

Home Theater:  We continued to grow sales due to the strength of our Magnolia Design Centers, continued success of our vendor experiences and strong performance online. We believe we have built a market-leading customer experience around home theater and large-screen televisions based on our assortment, our merchandising, our online experience, the expertise of our in-store sales associates and our ability to help customers in the home. The combination of new technology and declining average-selling-prices has been driving growth and interest in the television category. We offer a varied assortment to our customers, including 4K ultra-high-definition televisions with high dynamic range, OLED televisions and a variety of other emerging technologies. Also, our strategy is not just about selling televisions, it is about helping customers with their entertainment needs, which is driving growth in audio, streaming devices and other accessories as well as delivery and installation. We believe advances in picture quality, content availability and smart home integration will continue to drive demand in the industry and that this plays to our strengths as a technology and service leader in the category. 
                
    Mobile:  We have also delivered revenue growth during the third quarter of fiscal 2017 in the mobile category. As expected, new product launches stimulated demand during the quarter. This growth was partially offset by the well-publicized issues with the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, which has been recalled and is no longer being produced or sold. As a result, while the mobile category performed better than last year, it was not as strong as our expectations heading into the quarter. Our strategy in this category is in part focused on our ability to be an advocate for every phone owner. Our Blue Shirts have the tools and training to analyze customer s current phone plans and their actual needs, and to recommend the right plan at the right cost. They can also recommend hardware upgrades, add family members to existing plans and create entirely new family plans. Using these tools, we have found that at least 50% of customers are able to save money on their monthly mobile plan. Also, during the quarter, we increased our AT T and Verizon stores-within-a-store to 426 stores. In support of our strategy, these vendor experiences feature highly trained specialists who provide access to the carriers  products, services and customer usage information, and the ability to learn about a wide set of connected or smart devices. 
                
    Emerging Categories:  We also saw growth in several emerging product categories. We believe that the role that technology can play in people s lives creates significant opportunity for us. Emerging categories are gaining traction, in part due to our ability to physically showcase products and offer expert help to customers. In connected home, we are seeing strength in home automation, including security, lighting and video monitoring. Drones are also becoming a more meaningful part of the business. Virtual reality products are included in all of our stores as of the end of the third quarter with new, dedicated virtual reality departments in more than 700 stores. These new departments will offer demo stations, virtual reality products, PC gaming devices and accessories. Since we first began offering in-store demos, customers have experienced approximately 300,000 virtual reality demos at Best Buy.  
                
    Appliances:  We leveraged our 203 Pacific Kitchen   Home stores-within-a-store and ongoing momentum to deliver our 24th consecutive quarter of comparable sales growth. We reported 3.0% comparable sales growth in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 versus 16.4% comparable sales growth in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Our growth decelerated late in the quarter due in part to product recalls and shipping delays that resulted in constrained inventory with key vendors.     
                
    Services:  As expected, our comparable sales trend improved significantly in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 as we began to lap the pricing investments made last year, and we are seeing higher attach rates and revenue growth from new products we introduced. In addition, we continued to drive improvements in our service quality and increased our Net Promoter Score. 
                
    Online:  Our 24.1% Domestic segment online comparable sales growth was driven by increased traffic and the cumulative benefit of our investments over the past few years in the digital customer experience and enhanced dot-com capabilities. We continue to refine our search, research and checkout capabilities with a focus on streamlining the customer experience across all channels. For example, a new feature that can filter product search results by local store availability is resonating with customers, as it makes their shopping journey a little easier. To help customers after their purchase, we are piloting product support pages, which provide customers comprehensive information about the products they have purchased, including transaction details, product specs and manuals, Geek Squad plans, compatible replenishment products (like ink) and quick access to expert help. We also launched a pilot in the Best Buy mobile app that allows customers to book 30-minute in-person appointments to consult with Blue Shirt experts. 
                
    Retail Stores:  We have continued the momentum from the investments we have made in training and coaching and from reduced employee turnover. Heading into Holiday and the fourth quarter, we have armed an increasing number of  store employees with tablets that allow them to look up product and customer information and transact. Also, we are investing in additional labor around key Holiday product categories where customers need more help and in the fast growing in-store pickup area. 
     
   24 

     Table of Contents  

International segment:  We recorded strong top and bottom line results in both Canada and Mexico. In Canada, we are seeing positive early results from the new store redesigns we have developed in partnership with key vendors. We are also pleased with the growth of our services business and with the lessons we are learning as a result. 
       
  Our second fiscal 2017 priority is to reduce costs and seek efficiencies throughout the business. As it relates to our Renew Blue Phase 2 target of $400 million by the end of fiscal 2018, we achieved another $50 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. This brings our current total to $300 million in annualized cost reductions and gross profit optimization. As a result of our successful focus on driving out costs, we expect to be able to improve the customer experience while maintaining flat SG A for fiscal 2017. 
    
  Our third fiscal 2017 priority is to advance key initiatives to drive future growth and differentiation. We intend to be the company that makes it easy for customers to learn about and enjoy the latest technology as they pursue their passions and take care of what is important to them in their lives. With our combination of digital, store and in-home assets, we feel we have a great opportunity to address key customer pain points, build stronger ongoing relationships with our customers and unleash growth opportunities. Fiscal 2017 is a year of exploration and experimentation, and we are testing several concepts around the country that have the potential to be compelling customer experiences. Based on early results, we have expanded both the in-home advisor program and the Geek Squad on demand pilots to additional markets. The in-home advisor program pilot involves a free in-home consultation with an experienced technology advisor who can identify a customer s needs, design a personalized solution and become a personal resource over time. Our Geek Squad on demand pilot provides services to customers who need immediate technology help or advice, including same-day. We also recently launched a new program called Magnolia Care to provide ongoing support and trouble-shooting for the comprehensive custom home theater solutions we provide to our Magnolia Design Center clients. In Canada, we are testing a new service offering called Geek Squad Home Membership that provides support for all of the technology products a customer may own, regardless of whether they were bought at Best Buy. In addition, we are testing different connected home merchandising concepts, like creating displays with actual front door experiences to demonstrate front door security solutions. 

Results of Operations 
    
  In order to align our fiscal reporting periods and comply with statutory filing requirements, we consolidate the financial results of our Mexico operations on a one-month lag. Consistent with such consolidation, the financial and non-financial information presented in our MD A relative to Mexico is also presented on a one-month lag. Our policy is to accelerate recording the effect of events occurring in the lag period that significantly affect our consolidated financial statements. There were no significant intervening events which would have materially affected our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or other factors had they been recorded during the three months ended   October 29, 2016  . 
    
  Discontinued operations are comprised primarily of Five Star within our International segment. Unless otherwise stated, financial results discussed herein refer to continuing operations. 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated Performance Summary 
    
  The following table presents selected consolidated financial data ($ in millions, except per share amounts):   

           (1) 
    The Canadian brand consolidation that was initiated in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 had a material impact on a year-over-year basis on the Canadian retail stores and the website. As such, beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, all store and website revenue was removed from the comparable sales base, and an International segment (comprised of Canada and Mexico) comparable sales metric has not been provided. Therefore, the Consolidated comparable sales for the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016, and October 31, 2015, equal the Domestic segment comparable sales. 
              (2) 
    Because retailers vary in how they record costs of operating their supply chain between cost of goods sold and SG A, our gross profit rate and SG A rate may not be comparable to other retailers  corresponding rates. For additional information regarding costs classified in cost of goods sold and SG A, refer to Note 1,   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016  . 
       
  The components of the   1.4%   revenue increase for the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017   and the   0.1%   increase for the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017   were as follows:   

           (1) 
    Non-comparable sales reflects the impact of all revenue in our International segment, net store opening and closing activity, as well as the impact of revenue streams not included within our comparable sales calculation, such as profit sharing benefits, certain credit card revenue, gift card breakage, commercial sales and sales of merchandise to wholesalers and dealers, as applicable. 
       
  The gross profit rate increased by   0.7%   of revenue in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  . For the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017  , the gross profit rate increased by   0.6%   of revenue. For both periods, the increase was due to increases in the Domestic and International segments. For further discussion of each segment s gross profit rate changes, see   Segment Performance Summary   below. 
    
  The SG A rate decreased by   0.1%   of revenue in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  . The SG A rate in the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017   decreased by   0.1%   of revenue. The decrease was due to a decrease in the International segment. For further discussion of each segment s SG A rate changes, see   Segment Performance Summary   below. 
    
  We recorded $1 million of restructuring charges in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017   and $7 million of restructuring charges in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. For the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017  , we recorded $30 million of restructuring charges compared  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

to $189 million recorded in the first nine months of fiscal 2016. The current fiscal year charges primarily relate to our Domestic segment, while the prior fiscal year charges primarily related to our International segment. For further discussion of each segment s restructuring charges, see   Segment Performance Summary   below. 
    
  Operating income increased   $82 million   and our operating income rate increased to   3.5%   of revenue in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  , compared to   2.6%   of revenue the   third quarter   of fiscal   2016  . For the first   nine   months of fiscal 2017, operating income increased   $369 million   and our operating rate increased to   3.8%   of revenue, compared to   2.3%   of revenue in the first   nine   months of fiscal   2016  . The increase in operating income was primarily due to the decrease in restructuring charges driven by our International segment and an increase in gross profit. For further discussion on each segment's operating income, see   Segment Performance Summary   below. 
    
  Income Tax Expense 
    
  Income tax expense increased to   $112 million   in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017   compared to   $84 million   in the prior-year period, primarily as a result of an increase in pre-tax earnings. Our effective income tax rate in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017   was   36.7%   compared to a rate of   39.4%   in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2016  . The decrease in the effective income tax rate was primarily due to a higher mix of forecast taxable income from foreign operations in the current year period, partially offset by the resolution of certain tax matters in the prior-year period. 
    
  Income tax expense increased to   $343 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017   compared to   $230 million   in the prior-year period, primarily as a result of an increase in pre-tax earnings. Our effective income tax rate for the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017   was   36.4%  , compared to a rate of   41.1%   the first   nine   months of fiscal   2016  . The decrease in the effective income tax rate was primarily due to a higher mix of forecast taxable income from foreign operations and the resolution of certain tax matters in the current year period, as well as the increase in pre-tax earnings as the impact of discrete items on our effective income tax rate is less when our pre-tax earnings are higher. 
    
  Our tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items, if any, that are taken into account in the relevant period. We update our estimate of the annual effective tax rate each quarter, and we make a cumulative adjustment if our estimated tax rate changes. These interim estimates are subject to variation due to several factors, including our ability to accurately forecast our pre-tax and taxable income and loss by jurisdiction, tax audit developments, changes in laws or regulations and expenses or losses for which tax benefits are not recognized. Our effective tax rate can be more or less volatile based on the amount of pre-tax income. For example, the impact of discrete items and non-deductible losses on our effective tax rate is greater when our pre-tax income is lower. 
    
  In addition, our consolidated effective tax rate is impacted by the statutory income tax rates applicable to each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. As our foreign earnings are generally taxed at lower statutory rates than the 35% U.S. statutory rate, changes in the proportion of our consolidated taxable earnings originating in foreign jurisdictions impact our consolidated effective rate. Our foreign earnings have been indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. and are not subject to current U.S. income tax. 
    
  Discontinued Operations 
    
  We recognized   $2 million   and   $21 million   of earnings from discontinued operations in the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016, respectively. These amounts were primarily related to the gain on sale of a retail property in Shanghai, China, which related to our disposal of our Five Star business in China. We recognized a $4 million loss and   $88 million   of earnings from discontinued operations in the three and nine months ended October 31, 2015, respectively. The prior period amount was primarily due to a $99 million gain on sale of our Five Star business in China. Refer to Note 2,   Discontinued Operations  , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Segment Performance Summary 
    
  Domestic 
    
  The following table presents selected financial data for the Domestic segment ($ in millions): 

(1) 
    Comparable online sales is included in the comparable sales calculation. 
       
  Domestic segment revenue of   $8.2 billion   in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017   increased   1.3%   compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase was driven by comparable sales growth of   1.8%  , partially offset by the loss of revenue from Best Buy and Best Buy Mobile store closures. Contributing to the quarter-over-quarter growth was Domestic segment online revenue of   $881 million  , which increased   24.1%   on a comparable basis with increased traffic, higher average order values and higher conversion rates. 
    
  Domestic segment revenue of   $23.9 billion   for the first nine months of fiscal   2017   increased   0.2%   compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase was driven by comparable sales growth of   0.8%  , partially offset by the loss of revenue from store closures. For the first nine months of fiscal 2017, Domestic segment online revenue was   $2.5 billion  , which increased   23.9%   on a comparable basis. 
    
  The components of our Domestic segment's   1.3%   and   0.2%   revenue increases for the   third quarter   and first   nine   months of fiscal   2017  , respectively, were as follows: 

(1) 
    Non-comparable sales reflects the impact of net store opening and closing activity, as well as the impact of revenue streams not included within our comparable sales calculation, such as profit sharing benefits, certain credit card revenue, gift card breakage, commercial sales and sales of merchandise to wholesalers and dealers, as applicable. 
     
   28 

     Table of Contents  

The following table reconciles the number of Domestic stores open at the beginning and end of the   third quarter  s of fiscal   2017   and   2016  : 

We continuously monitor store performance. As we approach the expiration date of our store leases, we evaluate various options for each location, including whether a store should remain open.  
    
  The following table presents the Domestic segment s revenue mix percentages and comparable sales percentage changes by revenue category in the   third quarter  s of fiscal   2017   and   2016  : 

The following is a description of the notable comparable sales changes in our Domestic segment by revenue category: 

Consumer Electronics:   The   4.9%   comparable sales gain was driven primarily by an increase in home theater accessories, including streaming devices, large screen televisions and home automation products. 
                
    Computing and Mobile Phones:   The   1.6%   comparable sales gain was primarily due to an increase in mobile phones and wearables.  
                
    Entertainment:   The   9.4%   comparable sales decline was driven primarily by declines in gaming.  
                
    Appliances:   The   3.0%   comparable sales gain was driven by an increase in both small and large appliances. 
                
    Services:   The   1.8%   comparable sales decline was due to lower warranty repair revenues. 
       
  The gross profit rate of our Domestic segment increased to 24.7% of revenue in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 from 24.1% of revenue in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. The increase was primarily due to improved margin rates in the computing and home theater categories, which were partially offset by the mobile category. 
    
  The gross profit rate of our Domestic segment increased to 24.7% of revenue for the first nine months of fiscal 2017 from 24.2% of revenue for the first nine months of fiscal 2016 primarily due to CRT settlement proceeds. 
    
  Domestic SG A and SG A rate remained flat for both the three and nine months ended October 29, 2016, compared to the three and nine months ended October 31, 2015. 
    
  In the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017  , our Domestic segment recorded restructuring charges of   $27 million   driven by our Renew Blue Phase 2 activity. Refer to Note 5,   Restructuring Charges,   in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
    
  Our Domestic segment operating income increased by   $54 million   in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  , compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to an increase in our gross profit rate, as described above. 

29 

     Table of Contents  

For the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017  , our Domestic segment operating income increased by   $102 million   compared to the prior-year period. The increase in the first   nine   months of fiscal 2017 was primarily due to the net CRT settlement proceeds, partially offset by higher restructuring charges, as described above. 
    
  International 
    
  The following table presents selected financial data for the International segment ($ in millions): 

(1) 
    On March 28, 2015, we consolidated the Future Shop and Best Buy stores and websites in Canada under the Best Buy brand. This resulted in the permanent closure of 66 Future Shop stores, the conversion of 65 Future Shop stores to Best Buy stores and the elimination of the Future Shop website. The Canadian brand consolidation had a material impact on a year-over-year basis on the Canadian retail stores and the website. As such, beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, all store and website revenue was removed from the comparable sales base, and an International segment (comprised of Canada and Mexico) comparable sales metric has not been provided. 
       
  International segment revenue of   $753 million   in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017   increased   3.3%   compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was driven by growth in both Canada and Mexico. For the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017  , International segment revenue declined   1.8%   to   $2.0 billion  . On a constant currency basis, International revenue increased   4.0%   and   2.3%   for the   third quarter   and first   nine   months of fiscal   2017   compared to the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2016, respectively. The increase for both periods was driven by growth in both Canada and Mexico.  
    
  The components of our International segment's   3.3%   revenue increase and   1.8%   revenue decrease for the   third quarter   and first   nine   months of fiscal   2017  , respectively, were as follows: 

(1) 
    Non-comparable sales reflects the impact of net store opening and closing activity, including the Canadian brand consolidation activity, as well as the impact of revenue streams not included within our comparable sales calculation, such as profit sharing benefits, certain credit card revenue, gift card breakage, commercial sales and sales of merchandise to wholesalers and dealers. 
     
   30 

     Table of Contents  

The following table reconciles the number of International stores open at the beginning and end of the   third quarter  s of fiscal   2017   and   2016  : 

The following table presents revenue mix percentages for the International segment by revenue category in the   third quarter  s of fiscal   2017   and   2016  : 

The gross profit rate of our International segment increased to   24.3%   of revenue in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017   from   22.5%   of revenue in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2016  . For the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017  , our International segment gross profit rate increased to   25.3%   of revenue compared to   22.5%   of revenue for the first   nine   months of fiscal   2016  . The gross profit rate increase for both periods was primarily driven by a higher year-over-year gross profit rate in Canada due to a more favorable product mix and the impact of the significant disruption and corresponding increased promotional activity related to the brand consolidation in fiscal   2016  .  
    
  Our International segment SG A was   $170 million  , or   22.6%   of revenue, in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017   compared to   $172 million  , or   23.6%   of revenue in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2016  . For the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017  , our International segment SG A decreased to   $492 million  , or   24.5%   of revenue, from   $529 million  , or   25.8%   of revenue, for the first   nine   months of fiscal   2016  . Rate decreases in both periods were driven by the elimination of expenses associated with closed stores as part of the Canadian brand consolidation. 
    
  In the   third quarter   and first   nine   months of fiscal 2016, our International segment recorded restructuring charges of $5 million and $188 million, respectively driven by our Canadian brand consolidation. Refer to Note 5,   Restructuring Charges,   in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
    
  Our International segment recorded   $14 million   of operating income in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017   compared to an operating loss of   $14 million   in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2016   driven by an increase in gross profit rate, as described above. For the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017  , our International segment recorded   $14 million   of operating income compared to an operating loss of   $253 million   for the prior-year period driven by lower restructuring charges and lower SG A, as described above.  

31 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  The following table reconciles consolidated operating income, effective tax rate, net earnings and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the periods presented (GAAP financial measures) to non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP effective tax rate, non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the periods presented ($ in millions, except per share amounts): 

(1) 
    Represents cathode ray tube ("CRT") litigation settlements reached, net of related legal fees and costs. Settlements relate to products purchased and sold in prior fiscal years. Refer to Note 12,   Contingencies and Commitments  , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016, for additional information. 
              (2)  
    Refer to Note 5,   Restructuring Charges  , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the nature of these charges. For the three months ended October 29, 2016, a charge of $2 million related to the United States and a benefit of the $1 million related to Canada. For the three months ended October 31, 2015, a charge of $2 million related to the United States and a charge of the $5 million related to Canada. For the nine months ended October 29, 2016, $27 million related to the United States and $3 million related to Canada. For the nine months ended October 31, 2015, a charge of $1 million related to the United States and a charge of $188 million related to Canada.  
     
   32 

     Table of Contents  

(3)  
    Represents charges related to the Canadian brand consolidation initiated in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, primarily due to retention bonuses and other store-related costs that were a direct result of the consolidation but did not qualify as restructuring charges. 
              (4) 
    Refer to Note 3,   Fair Value Measurements  , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the nature of these charges. For the three months ended October 29, 2016, $7 million related to the United States and $1 million related to Canada. For the three months ended October 31, 2015, the entire balance related to the United States. For the nine months ended October 29, 2016, $14 million related to the United States and $2 million related to Canada. For the nine months ended October 31, 2015, $31 million related to the United States and $3 million related to Canada.  
              (5) 
    Income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments is the summation of the calculated income tax charge related to each non-GAAP non-income tax adjustment. The non-GAAP adjustments relate primarily to adjustments in the United States and Canada. As such, the income tax charge is calculated using the statutory tax rates of 38.0% for the United States and 26.4% for Canada, applied to the non-GAAP adjustments of each country.  
       
  Non-GAAP operating income rate was 3.6% and 2.8% of revenue for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, respectively. This increase was driven by increases in gross profit rate for the Domestic segment, due to improved margin rates in the computing and home theater categories, which were partially offset by the mobile category, and for the International segment, due to more favorable product mix in Canada.  
    
  Non-GAAP operating income rate was 3.3% and 2.9% of revenue for the first nine months of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, respectively. This increase was primarily driven by the International segment, which experienced an increase in gross profit rate due to more favorable product mix in Canada and a decrease in SG A rate due to the elimination of expenses associated with closed stores as part of the Canadian brand consolidation. 
    
  Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations increased to $198 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 from $144 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. For the first nine months of fiscal 2017, non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations was $527 million compared to $449 million for the first nine months of fiscal 2016. The increase in both periods was driven by increases in non-GAAP operating income as discussed above, partially offset by increases in income tax expense, which was driven by the increase in non-GAAP operating income. 
    
  Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in the   third quarter   and first   nine   months of fiscal   2017   increased year-over-year due to increases in the non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations as discussed above and lower diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding driven by our share repurchases. Refer to the   Share Repurchases and Dividends   section below for additional details. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Summary 
    
  We closely manage our liquidity and capital resources. Our liquidity requirements depend on key variables, including the level of investment needed to support our business strategies, the performance of our business, capital expenditures, credit facilities and short-term borrowing arrangements and working capital management. Capital expenditures and share repurchases  
  are a component of our cash flow and capital management strategy which, to a large extent, we can adjust in response to economic and other changes in our business environment. We have a disciplined approach to capital allocation, which focuses on investing in key priorities that support our Renew Blue strategy. 
    
  The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments balances at   October 29, 2016  ,   January 30, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015   ($ in millions): 

Existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments as well as cash generated from operations were sufficient to fund additional share repurchases, capital spending, dividends and repayment of our 2016 Notes in fiscal 2017 without the need to utilize our credit facilities or other debt arrangements. 

33 

     Table of Contents  

Cash Flows 
    
  The following table summarizes our cash flows from total operations for the first nine months of fiscal   2017   and   2016   ($ in millions): 

Operating activities 
  The increase in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to higher net earnings in fiscal 2017 and timing of receipts and payments of inventory. During fiscal 2016, we generally purchased and paid for inventory earlier in the Holiday season than in the prior year, meaning that the cash paid in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was lower than in fiscal 2016. In addition, the first quarter of fiscal 2017 included the Super Bowl, which also increased cash inflows compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016.  
    
  Investing activities 
  The increase in cash used in investing activities in the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017   compared to the prior-year period is primarily due to an increase in the net investment into short-term investments in fiscal 2017.  
    
  Financing activities 
  The increase in cash used in financing activities in the first   nine   months of fiscal   2017   compared to the prior-year period was primarily the result of the repayment of our 2016 Notes and an increase in the number of common shares repurchased. Dividend payments were relatively unchanged; while the regular dividend rate increased to $0.28 from $0.23, this was offset by fewer shares outstanding and a smaller special dividend in fiscal 2017. 
    
  Sources of Liquidity 
    
  Funds generated by operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, our credit facilities and other debt arrangements and trade payables are our most significant sources of liquidity. We believe our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to sustain operations and to finance anticipated capital investments and strategic initiatives. However, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to limit our spending. There can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our existing credit facilities or obtain additional financing, if necessary, on favorable terms. 
    
  On June 27, 2016, we entered into a $1.25 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Five-Year Facility Agreement") with a syndicate of banks. The Five-Year Facility Agreement replaced the previous $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Previous Facility"), which was originally scheduled to expire in June 2019, but was terminated on June 27, 2016. The Five-Year Facility Agreement permits borrowings up to $1.25 billion and expires in June 2021. At   October 29, 2016  , we had   no   borrowings outstanding under the Five-Year Facility Agreement. The Five-Year Facility Agreement contains substantially the same terms as the Previous Facility. Refer to Note 6,   Debt  , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the Five-Year Facility Agreement. 
    
  Our ability to access our revolving credit facility under the Five-Year Facility Agreement is subject to our compliance with the terms and conditions of the facility, including financial covenants. The financial covenants require us to maintain certain financial ratios. At   October 29, 2016  , we were in compliance with all such financial covenants. If an event of default were to occur with respect to any of our other debt, it would likely constitute an event of default under our facilities as well. 

34 

     Table of Contents  

Our credit ratings and outlooks at December 2, 2016 are summarized below. On July 26, 2016, Standard   Poor's Rating Services ("Standard   Poor's") upgraded its long-term credit rating from BB+ to BBB- with a Stable outlook. On August 24, 2016, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") affirmed its long-term credit rating of Baa1 with a Stable outlook. On November 1, 2016, Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") affirmed its long-term credit rating of BBB- with a Stable outlook. 
                       Rating Agency 
      
    Rating 
      
    Outlook 
      Standard   Poor's 
      
    BBB- 
      
    Stable 
      Moody's 
      
    Baa1 
      
    Stable 
      Fitch 
      
    BBB- 
      
    Stable 

Credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically, and, therefore, the credit rating assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time. Accordingly, we are not able to predict whether our current credit ratings will remain as disclosed above. Factors that can affect our credit ratings include changes in our operating performance, the economic environment, conditions in the retail and consumer electronics industries, our financial position and changes in our business strategy. If further changes in our credit ratings were to occur, they could impact, among other things, interest costs for certain of our credit facilities, our future borrowing costs, access to capital markets, vendor financing terms and future store leasing costs.  
    
  Restricted Cash 
    
  Our liquidity is also affected by restricted cash balances that are pledged as collateral or restricted to use for general liability insurance, workers  compensation insurance and our product warranty program. Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to our continuing operations, which are included in other current assets, remained consistent at   $193 million  ,   $185 million  , and   $183 million   at   October 29, 2016  ,   January 30, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Debt and Capital 
    
  In March 2016, we repaid our $350 million principal amount of notes due March 15, 2016, using existing cash resources. As of October 29, 2016, we have $500 million principal amount of notes due August 1, 2018 (the "2018 Notes") and $650 million principal amount of notes due March 15, 2021 (the "2021 Notes"). Refer to Note 5,   Debt  , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016  , for further information about our 2018 Notes and 2021 Notes.  
    
  Other 
    
  At   October 29, 2016  ,   January 30, 2016  , and   October 31, 2015  , we had   $180 million  ,   $178 million  , and   $88 million  , respectively, outstanding under financing lease obligations. The increase in financing lease obligations from October 31, 2015, to October 29, 2016, was primarily due to renewals on existing leases. 
    
  Share Repurchases and Dividends 
    
  We repurchase our common stock in the open market pursuant to programs approved by our Board. We may repurchase our common stock for a variety of reasons, such as acquiring shares to offset dilution related to equity-based incentives, including stock options and our employee stock purchase plan, and optimizing our capital structure. We consider several factors in determining whether to make share repurchases including, among other things, our cash needs, the availability of funding, our future business plans and the market price of our stock. If we decide to make future share repurchases, we expect that cash provided by future operating activities as well as available cash and cash equivalents will be the sources of funding for our share repurchases.  
    
  We have a   $5.0 billion   share repurchase program that was authorized by our Board in June 2011. There is no expiration date governing the period over which we can repurchase shares under the June 2011 share repurchase program. In fiscal 2016, we repurchased $1.0 billion, and as of January 30, 2016, there was $3.0 billion available for share repurchases. 
    
  On February 25, 2016, we announced a plan to return capital to shareholders. The plan included a special dividend of $0.45 per share, or approximately $145 million, and a 22% increase in our regular quarterly dividend to $0.28 per share. We plan to continue share repurchases under the June 2011 share repurchase program, with the intent to repurchase $1.0 billion in shares in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. 

35 

     Table of Contents  

For the   nine   months ended   October 29, 2016  , we repurchased   16.0 million   shares at a cost of   $528 million  . At   October 29, 2016  ,   $2.5 billion   remained available for additional purchases under the June 2011 share repurchase program. For the nine months ended October 31, 2015, we repurchased   11.3 million   shares at a cost of   $388 million  . Repurchased shares are retired and constitute authorized but unissued shares.  
    
  During the   third quarter  s of fiscal   2017   and 2016, we declared and paid our regular quarterly cash dividend of   $0.28   and $0.23 per common share, or   $89 million   and $79 million in the aggregate, respectively. In the first nine months of fiscal 2017 and 2016, we declared and paid $414 million and $421 million, respectively, in regular and special dividends. As announced on   November 18, 2016  , our Board authorized payment of our next regular quarterly cash dividend of   $0.28   per common share, payable on   December 29, 2016  , to shareholders of record as of the close of business on   December 8, 2016  . 
    
  Other Financial Measures 
    
  Our current ratio, calculated as current assets divided by current liabilities, was   1.3   at the end of the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  , compared to   1.4   at the end of fiscal   2016   and   1.4   at the end of the   third quarter   of fiscal   2016  . The decline in the current ratio in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the end of fiscal 2016 and the third quarter of fiscal 2016 was due to the timing of inventory purchasing and payments partially offset by the payment of the 2016 Notes. 
    
  Our debt to net earnings ratio was   1.3   at the end of the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  , compared to   2.1   at the end of fiscal   2016   and   1.9   at the end of the   third quarter   of fiscal   2016  . The decrease at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to both periods was primarily due to the payment of our 2016 Notes and an increase in net earnings in the trailing twelve months for each period presented. Our non-GAAP debt to EBITDAR ratio, which includes capitalized operating lease obligations in its calculation, decreased to   1.6   at the end of the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  , compared to   1.8   at the end of fiscal   2016   and   1.9   at the end of the   third quarter   of fiscal   2016  . The lower non-GAAP debt to EBITDAR ratio as of the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2017 was also primarily due to the payment of our 2016 Notes and an increase in net earnings in the trailing twelve months for each period presented. 
    
  Commencing in fiscal 2017, we modified the multiple used to calculate our estimated capitalized operating lease obligation included in our non-GAAP debt calculation. Due to changes in the average remaining lease life of our operating lease portfolio, we have lowered the multiple used from eight times annual rent expense to five times annual rent expense. The multiple of five aligns with the multiple used by one of the nationally recognized credit rating agencies when evaluating the creditworthiness of companies within the retail sector. Prior periods presented have been adjusted to use this new multiple. 
    
  Our non-GAAP debt to EBITDAR ratio is calculated as follows: 
                   Non-GAAP debt to EBITDAR = 
    Non-GAAP debt 
      
      Non-GAAP EBITDAR 

The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to our non-GAAP debt to EBITDAR ratio is our debt to net earnings ratio, which excludes capitalized operating lease obligations from debt in the numerator of the calculation and does not adjust net earnings in the denominator of the calculation. 
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents a reconciliation of our debt to net earnings ratio and our non-GAAP debt to EBITDAR ratio for continuing operations ($ in millions):   

           (1) 
    Debt is reflected as of the balance sheet dates for each of the respective fiscal periods, while rental expense and the other components of EBITDAR represent activity for the 12-months ended as of each of the respective dates. 
              (2) 
    The multiple of five times annual rental expense in the calculation of our capitalized operating lease obligations is the multiple used for the retail sector by one of the nationally recognized credit rating agencies that rate our creditworthiness, and we consider it to be an appropriate multiple for our lease portfolio. Historically, we used a capitalized lease multiple of eight times annual rent expense; however, due to changes in the average remaining lease life of our operating leases, we have lowered the multiple to five. The prior period calculations have been updated to reflect the use of the changes. 
              (3) 
    Includes the impact of restructuring charges and non-restructuring asset impairments. Refer to Note 3,   Fair Value Measurement  s, and Note 5,   Restructuring Charges  , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for addition information regarding the nature of these charges. 

Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
    
  Our liquidity is not dependent on the use of off-balance-sheet financing arrangements other than in connection with our operating leases and our $1.25 billion in undrawn capacity on our credit facilities at October 29, 2016, which, if drawn upon, would be included as short-term debt in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  There has been no material change in our contractual obligations other than as described in Note 6,   Debt  , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, above, and in the ordinary course of business since the end of fiscal   2016  . See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016  , for additional information regarding our off-balance-sheet arrangements and contractual obligations. 

Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  We describe our significant accounting policies in Note 1,   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016  . We discuss our critical accounting estimates in Item 7,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016  . There has been no significant change in our significant accounting policies or critical accounting estimates since the end of fiscal   2016  . 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  For a description of new applicable accounting pronouncements, see Note 1,   Basis of Presentation  , of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

37 

Table of Contents  

Safe Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 
    
  Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), provide a  safe harbor  for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their companies. With the exception of historical information, the matters discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements and may be identified by the use of words such as "anticipate," "assume," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "guidance," "intend," "outlook," "plan," "project" and other words and terms of similar meaning. Such statements reflect our current views and estimates with respect to future market conditions, company performance and financial results, business prospects, new strategies, the competitive environment and other events. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the potential results discussed in such forward-looking statements. Readers should review Item 1A,   Risk Factors  , of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016  , for a description of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Among the factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in such forward-looking statements are the following: macro-economic conditions (including fluctuations in housing prices, oil markets and jobless rates), conditions in the industries and categories in which we operate, changes in consumer preferences, changes in consumer confidence, consumer spending and debt levels, online sales levels and trends, average ticket size, the mix of products and services offered for sale in our physical stores and online, credit market changes and constraints, product availability, competitive initiatives of competitors (including pricing actions and promotional activities of competitors), strategic and business decisions of our vendors (including actions that could impact promotional support, product margin and/or supply), the success of new product launches, the impact of pricing investments and promotional activity, weather, natural or man-made disasters, attacks on our data systems, our ability to prevent or react to a disaster recovery situation, changes in law or regulations, changes in tax rates, changes in taxable income in each jurisdiction, tax audit developments and resolution of other discrete tax matters, foreign currency fluctuation, availability of suitable real estate locations, our ability to manage our property portfolio, the impact of labor markets, our ability to retain qualified employees, changes in senior management, failure to achieve anticipated expense and cost reductions from operational and restructuring changes, disruptions in our supply chain, inventory availability, product recalls, the costs of procuring goods we sell, failure to achieve anticipated revenue and profitability increases from operational and restructuring changes (including investments in our multi-channel capabilities and brand consolidations), inability to secure or maintain favorable terms with our major vendors and other partners (including, but not limited to, product suppliers and carriers that operate competing retail channels), failure to accurately predict the duration over which we will incur costs, acquisitions and development of new businesses, divestitures of existing businesses, failure to complete or achieve anticipated benefits of announced transactions, integration challenges relating to new ventures and our ability to protect information relating to our employees and customers. We caution that the foregoing list of important factors is not complete. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement that we may make. 

Item 3.  
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
       
  As disclosed in our Form 10-K for fiscal   2016  , in addition to the risks inherent in our operations, we are exposed to certain market risks. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  We are exposed to changes in short-term market interest rates and these changes in rates will impact our net interest expense. Our cash and short-term investments generate interest income that will vary based on changes in short-term interest rates. In addition, we have swapped a portion of our fixed-rate debt to a floating-rate such that the interest rate expense on this debt will vary with short-term interest rates. Refer to Note 5,   Debt,   and Note 6,   Derivative Instruments,   in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 30, 2016   for further information regarding our interest rate swaps.  
    
  As of   October 29, 2016  , we had   $3.1 billion   of cash and short-term investments and   $750 million   of debt that has been swapped to floating rate. Therefore, we had net cash and short-term investments of   $2.4 billion   generating income, which is exposed to interest rate changes. As of   October 29, 2016  , a 50 basis point increase in short-term interest rates would lead to an estimated   $12 million   reduction in net interest expense, and conversely a 50 basis point decrease in short-term interest rates would lead to an estimated   $12 million   increase in net interest expense. 
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
    
  We have market risk arising from changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our International segment operations. On a limited basis, we utilize foreign exchange forward contracts to manage foreign currency exposure to certain forecast inventory purchases, recognized receivable and payable balances and our investment in our Canadian operations. Our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of net earnings and cash flows, as well as net asset value associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our foreign currency risk management strategy includes both hedging instruments and derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments, which generally have terms of up to 12 months. The aggregate notional amount related to our foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding at   October 29, 2016  , was   $262 million  . The net fair value recorded on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   October 29, 2016  , related to our foreign exchange forward contracts was   $2 million  . The amount recorded in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings from continuing operations related to all contracts settled and outstanding was a gain of   $1 million   in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  . 
    
  The strength of the U.S. dollar compared to the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso compared to the prior-year period had a negative overall impact on our revenue as these foreign currencies translated into fewer U.S. dollars. We estimate that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations had a net unfavorable impact on our revenue of approximately   $5 million   and a positive impact on our net earnings of   $1 million   in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  . 

Item 4.  
    Controls and Procedures 
       
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We have established a Disclosure Committee, consisting of certain members of management, to assist in this evaluation. The Disclosure Committee meets on a regular quarterly basis, and otherwise as needed. 
    
  Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act), at   October 29, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, at   October 29, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
    
  There was no change in internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended   October 29, 2016  , that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

39 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.  
    Legal Proceedings 
       
  For a description of our legal proceedings, see Note 12,   Contingencies  , of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 2.  
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
       
  (c) Stock Repurchases 
    
  The following table presents the total number of shares of our common stock that we purchased during the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  , the average price paid per share, the number of shares that we purchased as part of our publicly announced repurchase program and the approximate dollar value of shares that still could have been repurchased at the end of the applicable fiscal period, pursuant to our June 2011 $5.0 billion share repurchase program: 

(1) 
    We have a $5.0 billion share repurchase program that was authorized by our Board in June 2011. At the beginning of the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017  , there was $2.7 billion available for share repurchases. The "Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program" reflects the   $206 million   we purchased in the   third quarter   of fiscal   2017   pursuant to such program. There is no expiration date governing the period over which we can repurchase shares under the June 2011 share repurchase program. For additional information see Note 10,   Repurchase of Common Stock  , of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
     
   40 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.  
    Exhibits 

_  __________________________________ 
            (1)   
    The certifications in Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing or document. 
       
  Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has not filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q certain instruments with respect to long-term debt under which the amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the registrant. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish copies of all such instruments to the SEC upon request.  
  
   41 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BEST BUY CO., INC. 
        
    (Registrant) 

Date: December 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ HUBERT JOLY 

Hubert Joly 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: December 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ CORIE BARRY 

Corie Barry 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: December 2, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ MATHEW R. WATSON 

Mathew R. Watson 

Vice President, Finance   Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bby102916ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Hubert Joly, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Best Buy Co., Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                    Date: December 2, 2016 
    /s/ HUBERT JOLY 
        
    Hubert Joly 
        
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bby102916ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Corie Barry, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Best Buy Co., Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                    Date: December 2, 2016 
    /s/ CORIE BARRY 
        
    Corie Barry 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 bby102916ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 (adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), I, the undersigned Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Best Buy Co., Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended   October 29, 2016   (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
                 Date: December 2, 2016 
    /s/ HUBERT JOLY 
        
    Hubert Joly 
        
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 bby102916ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 (adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Best Buy Co., Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended   October 29, 2016   (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
                 Date: December 2, 2016 
    /s/ CORIE BARRY 
        
    Corie Barry 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bby-20161029.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bby-20161029.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bby-20161029_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bby-20161029_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bby-20161029_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bby-20161029_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

