<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1127245_0001127245-16-000032_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2202783</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63809</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>147988</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>702845</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>893174</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>351584</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001127245-16-000032.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114145711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001127245-16-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WELLS REAL ESTATE FUND XIII L P
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001127245
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [6512]
		IRS NUMBER:				582438244
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49633
		FILM NUMBER:		161993956

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6200 THE CORNERS PKWY
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30092
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7704497800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6200 THE CORNERS PKWY
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30092

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001127245-16-000032.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 fund13q3201610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  _______________________________________  
  FORM 10-Q 
  _______________________________________  

or 
                 o 
    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
        
    For the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission file number 000-49633 
  _______________________________________  
     WELLS REAL ESTATE FUND XIII, L.P. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
  _______________________________________                    Georgia 
      
    58-2438244 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

N/A 
  (Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    T      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    T   No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer 
    o 
    Accelerated filer 
    o 
      Non-accelerated filer 
    x   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    o      No    x 

Table of Contents  

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  Certain statements contained in this Form 10-Q of Wells Real Estate Fund XIII, L.P. (the "Partnership," "we," "our," "us," or the "Registrant") other than historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Such statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as well as known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "would," "could," "expect," "intend," "plan," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "continue," or other similar words. Specifically, we consider, among others, statements concerning future operating results and cash flows, our ability to meet future obligations, and the amount and timing of any future distributions to limited partners to be forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date this report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). We make no representations or warranties (express or implied) about the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q, and we do not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
  Any such forward-looking statements are subject to unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors and are based on a number of assumptions involving judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive, and market conditions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately. To the extent that our assumptions differ from actual results, our ability to meet such forward-looking statements, including our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations, provide distributions to partners, and maintain the value of our real estate properties, may be significantly hindered. See Part I, Item 1A in the Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a discussion of some of the risks and uncertainties, although not all risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking statements. 

Page   2 

Table of Contents  

WELLS REAL ESTATE FUND XIII, L.P. 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

PART I. 
       
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited)  

Item 1. 
       
     Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    4 

Balance Sheets (unaudited) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    5 

Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Statements of Partners' Capital (unaudited) for the Year Ended December 31, 2015 and the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  
    7 

Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    8 

Notes to Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    9 

Item 2. 
       
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    14 

Item 3. 
       
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    17 

Item 4. 
       
     Controls and Procedures  
    18 

PART II. 
       
     OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
       
     Legal Proceedings  
    18 

Item 1A. 
       
     Risk Factors  
    18 

Item 2. 
       
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    18 

Item 3. 
       
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    18 

Item 4. 
       
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    18 

Item 5. 
       
     Other Information  
    18 

Item 6. 
       
     Exhibits  
    18 

Page   3 

Table of Contents  

PART I. 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
      
           ITEM 1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     The information presented in the Partnership's accompanying balance sheets and statements of operations, partners' capital, and cash flows reflects all adjustments that are, in management's opinion, necessary for a fair and consistent presentation of the aforementioned financial statements. 
  The accompanying financial statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Partnership's financial statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, all included in both this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in the Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The Partnership's results of operations for the   three months and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the operating results expected for the full year. 

Page   4 

Table of Contents  

WELLS REAL ESTATE FUND XIII, L.P. 
    
  BALANCE SHEETS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying notes. 

Page   5 

Table of Contents  

WELLS REAL ESTATE FUND XIII, L.P. 
    
  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying notes. 

Page   6 

Table of Contents  

WELLS REAL ESTATE FUND XIII, L.P. 
    
  STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS' CAPITAL 
  FOR THE YEAR ENDED   DECEMBER 31, 2015    
  AND THE   NINE   MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying notes. 

Page   7 

Table of Contents  

WELLS REAL ESTATE FUND XIII, L.P. 
    
  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (UNAUDITED) 

See accompanying notes. 

Page   8 

Table of Contents  

WELLS REAL ESTATE FUND XIII, L.P. 
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   (unaudited) 
   
           1. 
    ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS 
     Wells Real Estate Fund XIII, L.P. (the "Partnership") is a Georgia public limited partnership with Leo F. Wells, III and Wells Capital, Inc. ("Wells Capital"), a Georgia corporation, serving as its general partners (collectively, the "General Partners"). Wells Capital is a wholly owned subsidiary of Wells Real Estate Funds, Inc. ("WREF"). Leo F. Wells, III is the president and sole director of Wells Capital and the president, sole director, and sole owner of WREF. The Partnership was formed on September 15, 1998 for the purpose of acquiring, developing, owning, operating, improving, leasing, and managing income producing commercial properties for investment purposes. Upon subscription for units, the limited partners elected to have their units treated as Cash Preferred Units or Tax Preferred Units. Limited partners have the right to change their prior elections to have some or all of their units treated as Cash Preferred Units or Tax Preferred Units one time during each quarterly accounting period. Limited partners may vote to, among other things: (a) amend the partnership agreement, subject to certain limitations; (b) change the business purpose or investment objectives of the Partnership; (c) add or remove a general partner; (d) elect a new general partner; (e) dissolve the Partnership; (f) authorize a merger or a consolidation of the Partnership; and (g) approve a sale involving all or substantially all of the Partnership's assets, subject to certain limitations. A majority vote on any of the described matters will bind the Partnership, without the concurrence of the General Partners. Each limited partnership unit has equal voting rights, regardless of which class of unit is selected. 
  On March 29, 2001, the Partnership commenced a public offering of up to   $45,000,000   of Cash Preferred or Tax Preferred limited partnership units (  $10.00   per unit) pursuant to a Registration Statement filed on Form S-11 under the Securities Act. The offering was terminated on March 28, 2003, at which time the Partnership had sold approximately   3,023,371   Cash Preferred Units and   748,678   Tax Preferred Units representing total limited partner capital contributions of   $37,720,487  . 
  The Partnership owns indirect interests in all of its real estate assets through joint ventures with other entities affiliated with the General Partners and Piedmont Operating Partnership, LP ("Piedmont OP"), formerly known as Wells Operating Partnership, L.P. Piedmont OP is a Delaware limited partnership with Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. ("Piedmont REIT"), formerly known as Wells Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc., serving as its general partner. Piedmont REIT is a Maryland corporation that has  elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust. During the periods presented, the Partnership owned interests in the following joint ventures (the "Joint Ventures") and properties: 
                     Joint Venture 
    Joint Venture Partners 
    Ownership % 
    Property 
      Wells Fund XIII-REIT Joint 
    Venture Partnership 
  ("Fund XIII-REIT 
    Associates") 
      Wells Real Estate Fund XIII, L.P. 
    Piedmont Operating Partnership, LP 
    28.1% 71.9% 
    1. 8560 Upland Drive  
  Two connected one-story office and  
  assembly buildings located in  
  Englewood, Colorado 
    
      Fund XIII and Fund XIV 
    Associates 
  ("Fund XIII-XIV Associates")   (1)  
      Wells Real Estate Fund XIII, L.P. 
    Wells Real Estate Fund XIV, L.P. 
    47.3% 52.7% 

(1)   This joint venture wound up its affairs in 2014 and was terminated in the first quarter of 2015. 
  Wells Real Estate Fund XIV, L.P. was affiliated with the Partnership through common general partners prior to its dissolution. The property described above was acquired on an all-cash basis. For further information regarding the Joint Ventures and foregoing property, refer to the Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   Page   9 

Table of Contents  

2. 
    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
     Basis of Presentation 
  The interim financial statements of the Partnership have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, including the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X, and in accordance with such rules and regulations, do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") for complete financial statements. In the opinion of the General Partners, the statements for the unaudited interim periods presented include all adjustments that are of a normal and recurring nature and necessary to fairly and consistently present the results for these periods. Results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of full-year results. For further information, refer to the financial statements and footnotes included in the Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Use of Estimates 
  Preparation of the Partnership's financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Investment in Joint Venture 
  The Partnership has evaluated the remaining Joint Venture and concluded that it is not a variable interest entity. The Partnership does not have control over the operations of the Joint Venture; however, it does exercise significant influence. Approval by the Partnership as well as the other joint venture partner is required for any major decision or any action that would materially affect the Joint Venture or its real property investment. Accordingly, the Partnership accounts for its investment in the Joint Venture using the equity method of accounting, whereby the original investment is recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted for contributions, distributions, and net income (loss) attributable to the Partnership. Pursuant to the terms of the joint venture agreement, all income (loss) and distributions are allocated to the joint venture partners in accordance with their respective ownership interests. Distributions of net cash from operations, if available, are generally distributed to the joint venture partners on a quarterly basis. 
  The Partnership continually evaluates the fair value of its equity interest in the joint venture. If management determines that the fair value is less than the carrying value of its interest, and such loss is other than temporary, the Partnership reduces its carrying value to fair value and recognizes the loss in the statements of operations. 
  Estimated fair values are determined based on the following information, dependent upon availability: (i) recently quoted market price(s) for the subject property, or highly comparable properties, under sufficiently active and normal market conditions, or (ii) the present value of future cash flows, including estimated residual value.  
  While various techniques and assumptions can be used to estimate fair value depending on the nature of the asset or liability, the accounting standard for fair value measurements and disclosures describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Partnership has the ability to access. Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the asset or liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are typically based on an entity's own assumptions, as little, if any, related market activity or information is available. Examples of Level 3 inputs include estimated holding periods, discount rates, market capitalization rates, expected lease rental rates, timing of new leases, and sales prices; additionally, the Partnership may assign an estimated probability-weighting to more than one fair value estimate based on the Partnership's assessment of the likelihood of the respective underlying assumptions occurring as of the evaluation date. In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Partnership's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and consideration of factors specific to the asset or liability.  
  Projections of expected future cash flows require that the Partnership estimate future market rental income amounts subsequent to the expiration of current lease agreements, property operating expenses, the number of months it takes to re-lease the property, and the number of years the property is held for investment, among other factors. The subjectivity of assumptions used in the future cash flow analysis, including discount rates, could result in an incorrect assessment of the property's future cash flows and fair value, and could result in the misstatement of the carrying value of the investment in the joint venture. 

Page   10 

     Table of Contents  

Comprehensive Income 
  For the periods presented, there were no differences between reported net loss and comprehensive loss.  
  Distribution of Net Cash from Operations 
  Net cash from operations, if available and unless reserved, is generally distributed quarterly to the limited partners as follows: 
             
    First, to all Cash Preferred limited partners on a per-unit basis until such limited partners have received distributions equal to a   10%   per annum return on their respective net capital contributions, as defined; 
                
    Second, to the General Partners until the General Partners have received distributions equal to   10%   of the total cumulative distributions paid by the Partnership; and 
                
    Third, to the Cash Preferred limited partners on a per-unit basis and the General Partners allocated on a basis of   90%   and   10%  , respectively. 
     No   distributions of net cash from operations will be made to limited partners holding Tax Preferred Units. 
    
  Distribution of Net Sale Proceeds 
  Upon the sale of properties, unless reserved, net sale proceeds will be distributed in the following order: 
             
    In the event that the particular property sold is sold for a price that is less than its original property purchase price, to the limited partners holding Cash Preferred Units until they have received an amount equal to the excess of the original property purchase price over the price for which the property was sold, limited to the amount of depreciation, amortization, and cost recovery deductions taken by the limited partners holding Tax Preferred Units with respect to such property; 
                
    To limited partners holding units which at any time have been treated as Tax Preferred Units until the limited partners have received an amount necessary to equal the net cash from operations previously received by the limited partners holding Cash Preferred Units on a per-unit basis; 
                
    To all limited partners on a per-unit basis until the limited partners have received   100%   of their respective net capital contributions, as defined; 
                
    To all limited partners on a per-unit basis until the limited partners have received a cumulative   10%   per annum return on their respective net capital contributions, as defined; 
                
    To limited partners on a per-unit basis until the limited partners have received an amount equal to their respective preferential limited partner returns (defined as the sum of a   10%   per annum cumulative return on net capital contributions for all periods during which the units were treated as Cash Preferred Units and a   15%   per annum cumulative return on net capital contributions for all periods during which the units were treated as Tax Preferred Units); 
                
    To the General Partners until they have received   100%   of their respective capital contributions, as defined; 
                
    Then, if limited partners have received any excess limited partner distributions (defined as distributions to limited partners over the life of their investment in the Partnership in excess of their net capital contributions, as defined, plus their preferential limited partner return), to the General Partners until they have received distributions equal to   20%   of the sum of any such excess limited partner distributions plus distributions made to the General Partners pursuant to this provision; and 
                
    Thereafter,   80%   to the limited partners on a per-unit basis and   20%   to the General Partners. 
     Allocations of Net Income, Net Loss, and Gain on Sale 
  For the purpose of determining allocations per the partnership agreement, net income is defined as net income recognized by the Partnership, excluding deductions for depreciation, amortization, cost recovery, and the gain on sale of assets. Net income, as defined, of the Partnership will be allocated each year in the same proportion that net cash from operations is distributed to the partners holding Cash Preferred Units and to the General Partners. To the extent the Partnership's net income in any year exceeds net cash from operations, such excess net income will be allocated   99%   to the limited partners holding Cash Preferred Units and   1%   to the General Partners. 
  Net loss, depreciation, and amortization deductions for each fiscal year will be allocated as follows: (a)   99%   to the limited partners holding Tax Preferred Units and   1%   to the General Partners until their capital accounts are reduced to zero; (b) then, to any partner having a positive balance in his capital account in an amount not to exceed such positive balance; and (c) thereafter, to the General Partners. 
  
   Page   11 

     Table of Contents  

Gain on the sale or exchange of the Partnership's remaining property will be allocated generally in the same manner that the net proceeds from such sale are distributed to partners after the following allocations are made, if applicable: (a) allocations made pursuant to the qualified income offset provisions of the partnership agreement; (b) allocations to partners having negative capital accounts until all negative capital accounts have been restored to zero; and (c) allocations to limited partners holding Tax Preferred Units in amounts equal to the deductions for depreciation and amortization previously allocated to them with respect to the specific  property sold, but not in excess of the amount of gain on sale recognized by the Partnership with respect to the sale of such property. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-01,   Financial Instruments - Overall   ("ASU 2016-01"), which requires equity investments, except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, to be measured at estimated fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. Additionally, ASU 2016-01 simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments, and eliminates certain disclosure requirements.  ASU 2016-01 is effective for the period beginning on January 1, 2018. The Partnership is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-01 will have on its financial statements or disclosures. The Partnership has not yet determined the effect of ASU 2016-01 in its financial position or results of operations. 
  In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-02,   Leases   ("ASU 2016-02"), which changes the definition of a lease, as well as the accounting for operating leases by requiring leasees to recognize assets and liabilities which arise from the lease, consisting of a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset, representing the right to use the leased asset over the term of the lease for all leases with a term greater than 12 months. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will continue to be recognized on a straight-line basis.  Accounting for leases for lessors is substantially unchanged from prior practice, which means continuing to recognize lease revenue on a straight-line basis. ASU 2016-02 is effective for the period beginning on January 1, 2019, but early adoption is permitted.   The Partnership is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its financial statements or disclosures and has not selected a transition date.  

3. 
    INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES 
     Summary of Financial Information 
  Condensed financial information for the Joint Ventures for the   three months and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, is presented below: 

The Partnership implemented Accounting Standards Update 2014-08,   Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of  
  
   Page   12 

     Table of Contents  

an Entity   ("ASU 2014-08"), effective January 1, 2015. Properties sold prior to implementing ASU 2014-08 are included in discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
    
  The Partnership allocates its share of net income, net loss, and gain (loss) on sale generated by the properties owned by the Joint Ventures to its Cash Preferred and Tax Preferred limited partners pursuant to the partnership agreement provisions outlined in Note 2.  
  Due from Joint Venture 
  As presented in the accompanying balance sheets, due from joint venture as of   December 31, 2015   includes operating cash flow generated by the remaining Joint Venture during the three months ended   December 31, 2015  , which is payable to the Partnership. 
   
           4. 
    RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
     Management and Leasing Fees 
  The Partnership has entered into a property management, leasing, and asset management agreement with Wells Management Company, Inc. ("Wells Management"), an affiliate of the General Partners. In accordance with the property management and leasing agreement, Wells Management receives compensation for the management and leasing of the Partnership's properties, owned through the Joint Venture, equal to the lesser of (a)   4.5%   of the gross revenues collected monthly; or (b) fees that would be paid to a comparable outside firm, which is assessed periodically based on market studies. In the case of commercial properties leased on a long-term net-lease basis (  ten   or more years), the maximum property management fee from such leases shall be   1%   of the gross revenues generally paid over the life of the leases except for a   one  -time initial leasing fee of   3%   of the gross revenues on each lease payable over the first   five   full years of the original lease term. Management and leasing fees are paid by the Joint Venture and, accordingly, are included in equity in income of joint ventures in the accompanying statements of operations. The Partnership's share of management and leasing fees and lease acquisition costs incurred through the Joint Venture and payable to Wells Management is   $1,041   and   $709   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $2,490   and   $2,210   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Administrative Reimbursements 
  Wells Capital, one of the Partnership's General Partners, and Wells Management perform certain administrative services for the Partnership, relating to accounting, property management, and other Partnership administration, and incur the related expenses. Such expenses are allocated among other entities affiliated with the General Partners based on estimates of the amount of time dedicated to each fund by individual administrative personnel. In the opinion of the General Partners, this allocation is a reasonable estimation of such expenses. The Partnership incurred administrative expenses payable to Wells Capital and Wells Management  of   $53,304   and   $17,385   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $132,902   and   $53,843   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As presented in the accompanying balance sheets, due to affiliates as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   represents administrative reimbursements due to Wells Capital and/or Wells Management. 
  Operational  Dependency 
  The Partnership has engaged Wells Capital and Wells Management to provide certain essential services, including supervision of the management and leasing of its properties, asset acquisition and disposition services, as well as other administrative responsibilities, including accounting services and investor communications and relations. These agreements are terminable by either party upon   60   days' written notice. As a result of these relationships, the Partnership's operations are dependent upon Wells Capital and Wells Management. 
  Wells Capital and Wells Management are owned and controlled by WREF. The operations of Wells Capital, Wells Investment Securities, Inc., Wells Management, and their affiliates represent substantially all of the business of WREF. Accordingly, we focus on the financial condition of WREF when assessing the financial condition of Wells Capital and Wells Management. In the event that WREF were to become unable to meet its obligations as they become due, we might be required to find alternative service providers. Beginning in 2013, WREF began winding down its operations and, as a result, its workforce has been reduced. As of   September 30, 2016  , however, the Partnership has no reason to believe that WREF does not have access to adequate liquidity and capital resources, including cash on hand, other investments, and borrowing capacity, necessary to meet its current and future obligations as they become due.  
   
           5. 
    ECONOMIC DEPENDENCY 
     The Partnership is dependent upon the ability of its current tenant, Quantum Corporation ("Quantum") to pay its contractual rent amounts as they become due. The inability of a tenant to pay future rental amounts would be likely to have a negative impact on  
  
   Page   13 

     Table of Contents  

the Partnership's results of operations. The Partnership is not currently aware of any reason why Quantum should not be able to pay its contractual rental amounts as they become due in all material respects. Situations preventing the tenant from paying contractual rents could result in a material adverse impact on the Partnership's results of operations. FedEx Ground Package System, Inc. ("FedEx"), which occupied   44%   of the building, vacated their space upon expiration of their lease on September 30, 2016.  We are currently marketing the vacant space. 
   
           6. 
    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
     From time to time, the Partnership and its General Partners are parties to legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of the Partnership's business. The Partnership is not currently involved in any litigation for which the outcome would, in the judgment of the General Partners based on information currently available, have a materially adverse impact on the results of operations or financial condition of the Partnership, nor is management aware of any such litigation threatened against us.  
   
           ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements and notes thereto. See also "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" preceding Part I, as well as our financial statements, the notes thereto, and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, all provided in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Overview 
  Management believes that the Partnership typically operates through the following five key life cycle phases. The duration of each phase is dependent upon various economic, industry, market, and other internal/external factors. Some overlap naturally exists in the transition from one phase to the next. 

Fundraising phase 
     The period during which the Partnership is raising capital through the sale and issuance of limited partner units to the public; 
             
    Investing phase 
     The period during which the Partnership invests the capital raised during the fundraising phase, less upfront fees, into the acquisition of real estate assets; 
             
    Holding phase 
     The period during which the Partnership owns and operates its real estate assets during the initial lease terms of the tenants; 
             
    Positioning-for-sale phase 
     The period during which the leases in place at the time of acquisition expire and, thus, the Partnership expends time, effort, and funds to re-lease such space to existing and/or new tenants. Following the holding phase, the Partnership continues to own and operate the real estate assets, evaluate various options for disposition, and market the real estate assets for sale; and 
             
    Disposition-and-liquidation phase 
     The period during which the Partnership sells its real estate investments, distributes net sale proceeds to the partners, liquidates, and terminates the Partnership. 
  Portfolio Overview 
  We are currently in the positioning-for-sale phase of our life cycle. We have sold six of the seven properties in which we have held interests. 
  The   third   quarter   2016   operating distributions to limited partners holding Cash Preferred Units were reserved.  
  Property Summary 
  As we move further into the positioning-for-sale phase, we will continue to focus on re-leasing vacant space and space that may become vacant upon the expiration of our current lease. In doing so, we will seek to maximize returns to our limited partners by attempting to negotiate long-term leases at market rental rates while attempting to minimize down time, re-leasing expenditures, ongoing property level costs, and portfolio costs.  As of   October 31, 2016  , we owned an interest in one remaining property.  
    
  Information relating to the properties owned, or previously owned, by the Joint Ventures is provided below: 
  
   Page   14 

     Table of Contents  

8560 Upland Drive, located in Englewood, Colorado, is currently 56% leased to Quantum following the expiration of the FedEx lease on September 30, 2016. The Quantum lease expires on December 31, 2021. We are currently focusing on re-leasing the vacant space in anticipation of marketing the building for sale 
      
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Overview 
  The Partnership is an investment vehicle formed for the purpose of acquiring, owning, and operating income-producing real properties, or investing in joint ventures formed for the same purpose, and has invested all of the partners' original net offering proceeds available for investment. Thus, it is unlikely that we will acquire interests in any additional properties or joint ventures. Historically, our investment strategy has generally involved acquiring properties that are preleased to creditworthy tenants on an all-cash basis through joint ventures with affiliated partnerships. 
  Our operating strategy entails funding expenditures related to the recurring operations of our remaining property with operating cash flows, including current and prior period operating distributions received from the Joint Venture, and assessing the amount of remaining cash flows that will be required to fund known future re-leasing costs and other capital improvements. Any residual operating cash flows are generally considered available for distribution to the Cash Preferred limited partners and, unless reserved, are generally paid quarterly. As a result, the ongoing monitoring of our cash position is critical to ensuring that adequate liquidity and capital resources are available. Economic downturns in our remaining market could adversely impact the ability of our tenant to honor lease payments and our ability to re-lease space on favorable terms as leases expire or space otherwise becomes vacant. In the event of either situation, cash flows and, consequently, our ability to provide funding for capital needs could be adversely affected. 
  Short-Term Liquidity 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , net cash outflows from operating activities were approximately   $74,000   primarily due to funding our general and administrative expenses. The extent to which any future operating distributions are paid to limited partners will be largely dependent upon the amount of cash generated from the remaining Joint Venture, our expectations of future cash flows, and determination of near-term cash needs to fund our share of capital improvements and re-leasing costs for our remaining property. The   third   quarter   2016   operating distributions to limited partners were reserved. 
  We believe that the cash on hand and distributions due from the remaining Joint Venture will be sufficient to cover our working capital needs, including those provided for within our total liabilities of approximately   $22,000  , as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Long-Term Liquidity 
  We expect that our future sources of capital will be primarily derived from operating cash flows generated from our remaining property owned by the remaining Joint Venture and net proceeds generated from the sale of that property. Our future long-term liquidity requirements will include, but not be limited to, funding our share of tenant improvements, renovations, expansions, and other significant capital improvements necessary for marketing and selling our remaining property owned by the remaining Joint Venture. We expect to continue to use substantially all future net cash from operations, including distributions received from the Joint Venture, to fund (i) leasing costs and capital expenditures necessary to position our remaining property for sale and (ii) our general and administrative expenses. To the extent that residual operating cash flows remain after considering these funding requirements, we would then distribute such residual operating cash flow to the limited partners. 
  Capital Resources 
  The remaining Joint Venture incurs capital expenditures primarily related to building improvements for the purpose of maintaining the quality of our remaining property, and tenant improvements for the purpose of readying the property for re-leasing and sale. As leases expire, we will work with the remaining Joint Venture to attempt to re-lease space to an existing tenant or market the space to prospective new tenants. Generally, tenant improvements funded in connection with lease renewals require less capital than those funded in connection with new leases. However, external conditions, such as the supply of and demand for comparable space available within a given market, drive capital costs as well as rental rates.  
  
   Page   15 

     Table of Contents  

Operating cash flows, if available, are generally distributed from the remaining Joint Venture to us approximately one month following calendar quarter-ends. However, the remaining Joint Venture will reserve operating distributions, or a portion thereof, as needed in order to fund known capital and other expenditures. Our cash management policy typically includes first utilizing current period operating cash flows until depleted, at which point operating reserves are utilized to fund capital and other required expenditures. Any capital or other expenditures not funded from the operations of the Joint Venture will be required to be funded by us and our joint venture partner on a pro rata basis. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have received, used, distributed, and held net sale proceeds allocated to the Partnership from the sale of properties as presented below: 

Our General Partners distributed net sale proceeds of approximately $8,540,000 in April 2015 from the sales of the Randstad - Atlanta Building, Two Park Center, and the Siemens - Orlando Building. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  Comparison of the three months ended   September 30, 2015   versus the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016    
  Equity in Income of Joint Ventures 
  Equity in income of Joint Ve  ntures remained relatively stable at   $52,747   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   and   $49,904   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . Absent leasing activity at 8560 Upland Drive, we expect equity in income of Joint Ventures to decrease in the near term due to the expiration of the FedEx lease in September 2016. 
  General and Administrative Expenses 
  General and administrative e  xpenses increased from   $51,547   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $88,468   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to an increase in the allocation of costs related to reporting and regulatory requirements.  We anticipate that future general and administrative expenses will vary based on future changes in our reporting and regulatory requirements.  
  Comparison of the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   versus the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016    
  Equity in Income of Joint Ventures 
  Equity in income of J  oint Ventures decreased from   $160,033   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $138,045   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to an increase in the operating costs at 8560 Upland Drive in 2016 in addition to a non-recurring credit in expense in 2015.  Absent leasing activity at 8560 Upland Drive, we expect equity in income of Joint Ventures to decrease in the near term due to the expiration of the FedEx lease in September 2016. 
  General and Administrative Expenses 
  General and administrative   expenses increased from   $200,196   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $274,429   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to an increase in the allocation of costs related to reporting and regulatory requirements.  We anticipate that future general and administrative expenses will vary based on future changes in our reporting and regulatory requirements.  
  
   Page   16 

     Table of Contents  

Application of Critical Accounting Policies 
  Summary 
  Our accounting policies have been established to conform with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If management's judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, thus resulting in a different presentation of the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. 
  Below is a discussion of the accounting policies used by us, which are considered to be critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
  Investment in Joint Venture 
  We have evaluated the Joint Venture and concluded that it is not a variable interest entity. We do not have control over the operations of the Joint Venture; however, we do exercise significant influence. Approval by us as well as the other joint venture partner is required for any major decision or any action that would materially affect the Joint Venture or its real property investment. Accordingly, we account for our investment in the Joint Venture using the equity method of accounting, whereby the original investment is recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted for contributions, distributions, and net income (loss) attributable to the Partnership. Pursuant to the terms of the joint venture agreement, all income (loss) and distributions are allocated to joint venture partners in accordance with their respective ownership interests. Distributions of net cash from operations, if available, are generally distributed to the joint venture partners on a quarterly basis. 
  We continually evaluate the fair value of our equity interest in the Joint Venture. If management determines that the fair value is less than the carrying value of our interest, and such loss is other than temporary, then we reduce our carrying value to fair value and recognize the loss in the statements of operations. 
  Estimated fair values are determined based on the following information, dependent upon availability: (i) recently quoted market price(s) for the subject property, or highly comparable properties, under sufficiently active and normal market conditions, or (ii) the present value of future cash flows, including estimated residual value.  
  Projections of expected future cash flows require that we estimate future market rental income amounts subsequent to the expiration of current lease agreements, property operating expenses, the number of months it takes to re-lease the property, and the number of years the property is held for investment, among other factors. The subjectivity of assumptions used in the future cash flow analysis, including discount rates, could result in an incorrect assessment of the property's future cash flows and fair value, and could result in the misstatement of the carrying value of the investment in joint venture. 
  Related-Party Transactions 
  We have entered into agreements with Wells Capital, Wells Management, an affiliate of our General Partners, and their affiliates, whereby we pay certain fees and expense reimbursements to Wells Capital, Wells Management, and their affiliates for asset management; the management and leasing of our remaining property; and administrative services relating to accounting, property management, and other partnership administration, and we incur the related expenses. See Note 4 to our financial statements included in this report for a description of these fees and expense reimbursements we have incurred. 
   
  Commitments and Contingencies 
  We are subject to certain commitments and contingencies with regard to certain transactions. See Note 4 and Note 6 to our financial statements included in this report for further explanations. Examples of such commitments and contingencies include: 
             
    commitments under existing lease agreements; and  
                
    property management and leasing agreements. 
      
  ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  Since we do not borrow any money, make any foreign investments or invest in any market risk-sensitive instruments, we are not subject to risks relating to interest rates, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, or the other market risks contemplated by Item 305 of Regulation S-K. 
  
   Page   17 

ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
     Management's Conclusions Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management of Wells Capital, one of our General Partners, including the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer of Wells Capital, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Partnership's disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of the end of the quarterly period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer of Wells Capital concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report in providing a reasonable level of assurance that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in applicable SEC rules and forms, including providing a reasonable level of assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer of Wells Capital, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
   
           PART II. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
      
           ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
     We are from time to time a party to legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in any litigation the outcome of which would, in management's judgment based on information currently available, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, nor is management aware of any such litigation threatened against us during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , requiring disclosure under Item 103 of Regulation S-K.  
   
           ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 
     There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
           ITEM 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
              (a) 
    We did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
              (b) 
    Not applicable. 
              (c) 
    We did not redeem any securities during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
      
           ITEM 3. 
    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
              (a) 
    We were not subject to any indebtedness and, therefore, did not default with respect to any indebtedness during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
              (b) 
    Not applicable. 
      
           ITEM 4. 
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
     Not applicable. 
   
  ITEM 5.  OTHER INFORMATION 
           (a) 
    During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there was no information required to be disclosed in a report on Form  
     8-K which was not disclosed in a report on Form 8-K. 
           (b) 
    Not applicable. 
      
           ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS 
     The Exhibits to this report are set forth on Exhibit Index to   Third   Quarter Form 10-Q attached hereto.    
  
   Page   18 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

WELLS REAL ESTATE FUND XIII, L.P. 
  (Registrant) 

By: 
      
    WELLS CAPITAL, INC. 
  (General Partner) 

November 14, 2016 

/s/ RANDY A. SIMMONS 

Randy A. Simmons 

On behalf of the registrant and as Senior Vice President and Principal Financial Officer of Wells Capital, Inc. 

Page   19 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
  TO   THIRD   QUARTER FORM 10-Q 
  OF 
  WELLS REAL ESTATE FUND XIII, L.P.                           Exhibit  
  Number 

Description of Document 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fund13q32016ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
  PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  CERTIFICATION  
  PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  (18 U.S.C. 1350)  
  I, Leo F. Wells, III, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Wells Real Estate Fund XIII, L.P. (the  Registrant ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Registrant as of and for the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the Financial Oversight Committee of the corporate general partner (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     November 14, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/  LEO F. WELLS, III 

Leo F. Wells, III 
  Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fund13q32016ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2  
  PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  CERTIFICATION  
  PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  (18 U.S.C. 1350)  
  I, Randy A. Simmons, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Wells Real Estate Fund XIII, L.P. (the  Registrant ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Registrant as of and for the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the Financial Oversight Committee of the corporate general partner (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     November 14, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/  RANDY A. SIMMONS 

Randy A. Simmons 
  Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 fund13q32016ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  (18 U.S.C. 1350)  
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Wells Real Estate Fund XIII, L.P. (the  Registrant ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned, Leo F. Wells, III, Principal Executive Officer of the corporate General Partner of the Registrant, and Randy A. Simmons, Principal Financial Officer of the corporate General Partner of the Registrant, hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that, to the best of their knowledge and belief:  
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
       
               /s/ LEO F. WELLS, III 
      Leo F. Wells, III 
      Principal Executive Officer 
      November 14, 2016 

/s/ RANDY A. SIMMONS 
      Randy A. Simmons 
      Principal Financial Officer 
      November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 none-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 none-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 none-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 none-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 none-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 none-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

