<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1524872_0001477932-16-013347_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1241051</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76067</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>99423</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>231548</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>401371</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>371797</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013347.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110145809
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013347
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Thunder Energies Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001524872
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				451967797
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54464
		FILM NUMBER:		161987534

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1444 RAINVILLE ROAD
		CITY:			TARPON SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34689
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-940-3944

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1444 RAINVILLE ROAD
		CITY:			TARPON SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34689

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Thunder Fusion Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130731

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CCJ Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110705

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013347.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 tfc_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   tfc_10q.htm     
 
        UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549           FORM 10-Q        x  QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016      or         TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT     For the transition period from __________ to __________.     Commission file number  000-54464                  THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION         (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter)                   Registrant s telephone number, including area code:    727-940-3944       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  x  Yes       No     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  x  Yes       No     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer   smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.             Large accelerated filer         Accelerated filer           Non-accelerated filer         Smaller reporting company    x     (Do not check if a smaller company)                  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes     x    No     The number of shares of the issuer s common stock, par value $.001 per share, outstanding as of November 10, 2016 was 17,078,743.        

TABLE OF CONTENTS                       Page           Part   I. Financial Information                        Item 1.      Condensed Financial Statements.         3              Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (audited).         3              Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 (unaudited).         4              Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited).         5              Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited).         6                                Item 2.       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.         14         Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.         20         Item 4.       Controls and Procedures.         21                         Part II. Oth  er Information                        Item 1.       Legal Proceedings.         22         Item 1A.      Risk Factors.         22         Item 2.       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.         22         Item 3.      Defaults Upon Senior Securities.         23         Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures.         23         Item 5.       Other Information.         23         Item 6.       Exhibits.         24                        Signatures         25                    Part I. Financial Information           Item 1. Financial Statements.                           3       
     Table of Contents                           4       
     Table of Contents                             5       
     Table of Contents          THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION     Notes to Condensed Financial Statements     For the period ending September 30, 2016    (Unaudited)       NOTE 1   NATURE OF BUSINESS      Thunder Energies Corporation ( we ,  us ,  our ,  TEC  or the  Company ) was incorporated in the State of Florida on April 21, 2011. On May 1, 2014, the Company filed with the Florida Secretary of State, Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation (the  Amendment ) which changed the name of the Company from Thunder Fusion Corporation to Thunder Energies Corporation. The Amendment also changed the principal office address of the Company to 1444 Rainville Road, Tarpon Springs, Florida 34689.     The business of Thunder Energies Corporation ("TEC") is focused, depending on funding, on the manufacturing, sale and service of three new cutting edge technologies (patents and trademarks pending): the new Santilli telescopes with concave lenses; the new hadronic reactors for the synthesis of the neutron from the hydrogen gas, and the new HyperFurnaces for the full combustion of fossil fuels. As we are a development stage company, we have not yet generated any revenue from the assets that were recently assigned to and acquired by the Company, including the Hadronic reactors.      NOTE 2   GOING CONCERN      The Company s financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and allow it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations.     In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan to obtain such resources for the Company include, obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.     There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition, profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.      NOTE 3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANICAL STATEMENTS     The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. The interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements included in the Form 10-K/A as of December 31, 2015 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 14, 2016.     In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring entries necessary for a fair statement of the periods presented for: (a) the financial position; (b) the result of operations; and (c) cash flows, have been made in order to make the financial statements presented not misleading. The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operations for a full year.       BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND USE OF ESTIMATES     The Company prepares its financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"), which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.                 6       
     Table of Contents          THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION    Notes to Condensed Financial Statements    For the period ending September 30, 2016    (Unaudited)         CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS     The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $7,663 at September 30, 2016 and $12,822 at December 31, 2015.       CASH FLOWS REPORTING     The Company follows ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period.      RELATED PARTIES     The Company follows ASC 850,  Related Party Disclosures,  for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.       FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS     The Company s balance sheet includes financial instruments, including cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses and notes payable. The carrying amounts of current assets and current liabilities approximate their fair value because of the relatively short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected realization.      ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:              Level 1    Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.                   Level 2    Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.                   Level 3    Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.         Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of September 30, 2016. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments.                    7       
     Table of Contents          THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION    Notes to Condensed Financial Statements    For the period ending September 30, 2016    (Unaudited)        INTANGIBLE ASSETS     The Company has applied the provisions of ASC topic 350   Intangible   goodwill and other, in accounting for its intangible assets. Intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line method on the basis of a useful life of 5 to 17 years. The balance at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $14,770 and $11,255, respectively.                  IMPAIRMENT OF LONG- LIVED ASSETS     The Company reviews and evaluates long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The assets are subject to impairment consideration under FASB ASC 360-10-35-17 if events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amount might not be recoverable. When the Company determines that an impairment analysis should be done, the analysis will be performed using the rules of FASB ASC 930-360-35, Asset Impairment, and 360-0 through 15-5, Impairment or Disposal of Long- Lived Assets.      NON-MONETARY TRANSACTION     According to ASC 845-10-S99, transfers of non-monetary assets to a company by its promoters or shareholders in exchange for stock prior to or at the time of the entity s initial public offering should be recorded at the transferors' historical cost basis determined under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. As such, the cost basis carried on Hyfuel s books and records was nominal. Therefore, the accounting principles in ASC 845-10-S99 were followed and the Company recorded the intellectual and physical properties at its historical cost basis, which was at the historical cost basis of a nominal amount. In the transfer agreement 1,000,000 shares of common stock was transferred in exchange for the properties.       REVENUE RECOGNITION     The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned.     The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met:                      persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists              the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer              the sales price is fixed or determinable              collectability is reasonably assured.        The Company generates revenue through their optical division which produces for sale its Galileo and Santilli telescopes.                  8       
     Table of Contents          THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION    Notes to Condensed Financial Statements    For the period ending September 30, 2016    (Unaudited)       RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT     The Company expenses research and development costs when incurred. Research and development costs include engineering and testing of product and outputs. Indirect costs related to research and developments are allocated based on percentage usage to the research and development. We spent $31,845 and $49,732 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; and $6,507 and $11,631 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.       DEFERRED INCOME TAXES AND VALUATION ALLOWANCE     The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740,  Income Taxes . Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. No deferred tax assets or liabilities were recognized as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.      NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE     Net loss per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share.  The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period is used to compute basic earning or loss per share. Diluted earnings or loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares and diluted potential common shares outstanding. Dilutive potential common shares are additional common shares assumed to be exercised.     Basic net loss per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the common stock equivalents have not been included as they are anti-dilutive.      The following potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share because the effects were anti-dilutive based on the application of the treasury stock method and because the Company incurred net losses during the period:        ______________  * Options to purchase shares are calculated in accordance with employment agreements.  ** Total potentially dilutive shares reflects a 10 for 1 conversion into common shares per its designation.      SHARE-BASED EXPENSE     ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation , prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options, and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).     The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50,  Equity   Based Payments to Non-Employees.  Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable:(a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued.      Share-based expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $18,676 and $128,875 respectively and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $62,356 and $178,875, respectively.                    9       
     Table of Contents          THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION    Notes to Condensed Financial Statements    For the period ending September 30, 2016    (Unaudited)        COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES     The Company follows ASC 450-20, Loss Contingencies, to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. There were no known commitments or contingencies as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS     From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective may have an impact on our results of operations and financial statements.     ASU Update 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606) issued May 28, 2014 by FASB and IASB converged guidance on recognizing revenue in contracts with customers on an effective date after December 31, 2017 will be evaluated as to impact and implemented accordingly.     ASU Update 2014-15  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern  (Sub Topic 205-40) issued August 27, 2014 by FASB defines management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is a substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern. The additional disclosure required is effective after December 31, 2016 and will be evaluated as to impact and implemented accordingly.      NOTE 4   INTANGIBLE PROPERTY      On August 10, 2013, the Company entered into an Asset Assignment Agreement (the  IBR Assignment Agreement ) with Institute For Basic Research, Inc., a Florida corporation ( IBR ) that also is beneficially controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli. Pursuant to the IBR Assignment Agreement, IBR irrevocably assigned to the Company all rights, title, ownership and interests in all of IBR s internet website domain name assets, owned and hereinafter acquired by IBR including, but not limited to, all physical and intangible assets and intellectual property related to the assets.      On August 11, 2013, Thunder Energies Corporation (f/k/a Thunder Fusion Corporation) entered into an Asset Assignment Agreement (the  Assignment Agreement ) with HyFuels, Inc., a Florida corporation ( HyFuels ) beneficially controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli. Pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, HyFuels irrevocably assigned to the Company all physical assets, intangible assets, accounts receivable, intellectual property, accounting software, billing software, client lists, client prospects, trade secrets, proprietary property, the intellectual and physical property known as intermediate nuclear fusion without radiation, the physical property consisting of seven (7) Hadronic reactors, all copyrights, patents, patent applications, patent assignments, trademarks and anything having commercial or exchange value and the like.     Consideration for the assignment agreements consisted of one million (1,000,000) shares of our common stock that were issued to Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli, as designee for IBR and HyFuels. Company management determined the amount of consideration based upon ASC 845-10-S99 pertaining to transfer of non-monetary assets. According to ASC 845-10-S99, transfers of non-monetary assets to a company by its promoters or shareholders in exchange for stock prior to or at the time of the entity s initial public offering should be recorded at the transferors  historical cost basis determined under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. As such, the cost basis carried on the books and records of HyFuels and IBR was minimal or essentially zero. Therefore, the accounting principles in ASC 845-10-S99 were followed and the Company recorded the intellectual and physical properties at its historical cost basis, which was at the historical cost basis of a nominal amount. In connection with the aforementioned assignment agreements, 1,000,000 shares of our common stock were transferred in exchange for the assets.              THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION    Notes to Condensed Financial Statements    For the period ending September 30, 2016    (Unaudited)      The Company has capitalized the legal expenses associated with filing applications with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. At September 30, 2016 the Company has capitalized $14,320. The Company has not recorded any amortization expense for the patent application process as of September 30, 2016.     The Company recognized amortization expense of $50 and $50 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $150 and $150 for the nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company has accumulated amortization of $550 as of September 30, 2016.       NOTE 5   SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY       COMMON STOCK      The Company has been authorized to issue 900,000,000 shares of common stock, $.001 par value. Each share of issued and outstanding common stock shall entitle the holder thereof to fully participate in all shareholder meetings, to cast one vote on each matter with respect to which shareholders have the right to vote, and to share ratably in all dividends and other distributions declared and paid with respect to common stock, as well as in the net assets of the corporation upon liquidation or dissolution.      On March 18, 2016 the Company issued 18,000 shares to a non-related party for services, recorded at the fair market value of the share price, in the amount of $2,880.     On April 1, 2016 the Company issued 250,000 shares to a non-related party for services, recorded at the fair market value of the share price, in the amount of $37,500.     On April 6, 2016 the Company issued 22,000 shares to non-related parties for services, recorded at the fair market value of the share price, in the amount of $3,300.      On August 23 2016 the Company issued 70,000 shares to non-related parties for services, recorded at the fair market value of the share price, in the amount of $14,000.      On August 30 2016 the Company issued 18,000 shares to non-related parties for services, recorded at the fair market value of the share price, in the amount of $3,600.      On September 16 2016 the Company issued 6,726 shares to non-related parties for services, recorded at the fair market value of the share price, in the amount of $1,076.       PREFERRED STOCK      The Company has been authorized to issue 750,000,000 shares of $.001 par value Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is expressly vested with the authority to divide any or all of the Preferred Stock into series and to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of the shares of each series so established, within certain guidelines established in the Articles of Incorporation.      Series A: The certificate of designation for the Preferred A Stock provides that as a class it possesses a number of votes equal to fifteen (15) votes per share and may be converted into ten (10) $0.001 par value common shares.      On October 10, 2013, the Company issued fifty million (50,000,000) shares of our Series  A  Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Preferred Stock ) to Hadronic Technologies Press, Inc. ( Hadronic ), a Florida corporation maintaining its principal place of business at 35246 US Highway 19 North, Suite #215, Palm Harbor, Florida 34684. Our Directors, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli and Mrs. Carla Santilli each own fifty percent of the equity in Hadronic. The Series  A  Convertible Preferred Stock has 15 votes per share and is convertible into 10 shares of our common stock at the election of the shareholder. Shares were valued at the par value of the common stock equivalents, $500,000.     At September 30, 2016 there were Fifty million (50,000,000) shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.             THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION    Notes to Condensed Financial Statements    For the period ending September 30, 2016    (Unaudited)        OPTIONS AND WARRANTS      In accordance with employment and consulting agreements, common stock options are issued annually to the officers of the Company. The number of shares is determined by the number of shares outstanding at the end of the year at a percentage per the employment agreements, as described below. The strike price is the fair value trading price as of the anniversary date of the employment agreements. The options are based on the number of shares outstanding of the Company at the year end, at an exercise price at market price at the employment agreements annual anniversary, July 25th. As of September 30, 2016, the officers are entitled to 4,959 options, valued at $3,156. There is no expiration date to these options and only vest upon a change in control. The options were valued using the Black Scholes Method, using the following assumptions:           There are no other warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional shares of common stock of the Company as of September 30, 2016.      NOTE 6   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS       ADVANCES, PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS      Amounts included in accruals represent amounts due to the officers and directors for corporate obligations under the employment agreements. Payments on behalf of the Company and accruals made under contractual obligation are accrued (see below). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 accrued expenses were $802,846 and $613,846, respectively.      NOTE PAYABLE      In support of the Company s efforts and cash requirements, it has relied on advances from the majority shareholders until such time that the Company can support its operations or attains adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing. There is no formal written commitment for continued support by shareholders. All advances made in support of the Company are formalized by demand notes, at a 2.15% interest rate.     During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli and immediate family members have loaned the company $81,500 for operations.      At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 demand notes accumulative balances were $517,000 and $435,500, respectively. Accrued interest at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $18,012 and $10,259, respectively.             THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION    Notes to Condensed Financial Statements    For the period ending September 30, 2016    (Unaudited)       EMPLOYMENT AND CONSULTING CONTRACTS      The Company has employment and consulting contracts with its key employees, the controlling shareholders, who are its officers and directors of the Company.                     Dr. Santilli, 5-year contract dated July 25, 2013, annual salary of $180,000 and annual common stock options for .01% of the outstanding stock per calendar year at the average trading price of the anniversary date, July 25th.                        Carla Santilli, 5-year consulting contract dated July 25, 2013, annual salary of $72,000 and annual common stock options for .005% of the outstanding stock per calendar year at the average trading price of the anniversary date, July 25th.          OTHER      The Company does not own or lease property or lease office space. At the current time, the office space used by the Company was arranged by the majority shareholders of the Company to use at no charge. It is anticipated that the Company will enter into formal lease arrangements in the near future.     The amounts and terms of the above transactions may not necessarily be indicative of the amounts and terms that would have been incurred had comparable transactions been entered into with independent third parties.      NOTE 7   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS       On October 9, 2016 our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli loaned the company $6,500 for operations.              Item 2.   M  anagement s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.         Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements.       This quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Thunder Energies Corporation for the period ended September 30, 2016 contains certain forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. To the extent that such statements are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward looking statements which, by definition involve risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements under the Sections; Description of Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain forward looking statements. Where in any forward looking statements, the Company expresses an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the statement of expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished.     The following are factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated, and include but are not limited to: general economic, financial and business conditions; changes in and compliance with governmental regulations; changes in tax laws; and the cost and effects of legal proceedings.     You should not rely on forward looking statements in this quarterly report. This quarterly report contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We use words such as  anticipates,   believes,   plans,   expects,   future,   intends,  and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on these forward looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this quarterly report. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.       Our Business Overview.       Thunder Energies Corporation f/k/a Thunder Fusion Corporation and CCJ Acquisition Corp. ( we ,  us ,  our , or the  Company ) was incorporated in the State of Florida on April 21, 2011. Since inception, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining initial financing. The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination and had made no efforts to identify a possible business combination. The business purpose of the Company has been to seek the acquisition of or merger with, an existing company. The Company selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.     On July 25, 2013, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli acquired from the Company s existing shareholders, a control block of stock in the Company consisting of two million nine hundred forty thousand (2,940,000) shares of restricted common stock of the Company, in a private equity transaction. As a result of this acquisition, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli owned 98% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company.     On August 10, 2013, the Company entered into an Asset Assignment Agreement (the  IBR Assignment Agreement ) with Institute For Basic Research, Inc., a Florida corporation ( IBR ) that also is beneficially controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli. Pursuant to the IBR Assignment Agreement, IBR irrevocably assigned to the Company all rights, title, ownership and interests in all of IBR s internet website domain name assets, owned and hereinafter acquired by IBR including, but not limited to, all physical and intangible assets and intellectual property related to the assets.      On August 11, 2013, Thunder Energies Corporation (the  Company ) entered into an Asset Assignment Agreement (the  Assignment Agreement ) with HyFuels, Inc., a Florida corporation ( HyFuels ) beneficially controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli. Pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, HyFuels irrevocably assigned to the Company all physical assets, intangible assets, accounts receivable, intellectual property, accounting software, billing software, client lists, client prospects, trade secrets, proprietary property, the intellectual and physical property known as intermediate nuclear fusion without radiation, the physical property consisting of seven (7) Hadronic reactors, all copyrights, patents, patent applications, patent assignments, trademarks and anything having commercial or exchange value and the like.            Consideration for the assignment agreements consisted ofone million (1,000,000) shares of our common stock that were issued to Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli, as designee for IBR and HyFuels. Company management determined the amount of consideration based upon ASC 845-10-S99 pertaining to transfer of non-monetary assets. According to ASC 845-10-S99, transfers of non-monetary assets to a company by its promoters or shareholders in exchange for stock prior to or at the time of the entity s initial public offering should be recorded at the transferors  historical cost basis determined under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. As such, the cost basis carried on the books and records of HyFuels and IBR was minimal or essentially zero. Therefore, the accounting principles in ASC 845-10-S99 were followed and the Company recorded the intellectual and physical properties at its historical cost basis, which was at the historical cost basis of a nominal amount. In connection with the aforementioned assignment agreements, 1,000,000 shares of our common stock were transferred in exchange for the assets.      The Company s filings will include a disclosure in the MD A section and notes to the financial statement under the heading  Non-Monetary Transaction . Management believes that the $1,000.00 cost is reflective of the salvage value of the physical property, at a minimum. Our Company purchased internet website domain name assets owned by IBR and the intellectual and physical property known as intermediate nuclear fusion without radiation, the physical property consisting of seven (7) Hadronic reactors, all copyrights, patents, patent applications, patent assignments, trademarks and anything having commercial or exchange value owned by HyFuels as related to the reactors. None of the assets purchased had ever generated revenue for IBR or HyFuels. Although the Asset Assignment Agreements were more comprehensive in their description of  assets , the aforementioned items were the only assets assigned to the Company.     Our Company purchased internet website domain name assets owned by IBR and the intellectual and physical property known as intermediate nuclear fusion without radiation, the physical property consisting of seven (7) Hadronic reactors, all copyrights, patents, patent applications, patent assignments, trademarks and anything having commercial or exchange value owned by HyFuels as related to the reactors. None of the assets purchased had ever generated revenue for IBR or HyFuels. Although the Asset Assignment Agreements were more comprehensive in their description of  assets , the aforementioned items were the only assets assigned to the Company.     A further description of the assignors, IBR and HyFuels, follows. IBR is a Florida Corporation whose only business operations are the publication of an internet blog relating to scientific and academic matters. IBR does not generate revenue and has no expenses. Furthermore, IBR has never maintained a checking account. This status has been consistent over the last several years. Our Chief Executive Officer and Director, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli is president and a director for IBR. IBR does not have any ownership interest in any of our securities.     HyFuels is a Florida corporation that utilized research and development funds to create the seven Hadronic reactors, but otherwise has no business operations since its inception. Its sole purpose is to serve as a patent holding company. Our Chief Executive Officer and Director, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli is president and a director for HyFuels. HyFuels also does not have any ownership interest in any of our securities.     Neither IBR nor HyFuels has made any effort to commercialize the assets for purposes of generating revenue. Both IBR and HyFuels continue to exist as Florida corporations separate and distinct from the Company. Though they are deemed  related  entities through a common officer and director with our Company, they remain otherwise  unaffiliated  with our Company.     IBR maintains its principal place of business at 90 East Winds Court, Palm Harbor, Florida 34689. HyFuels maintains its principal place of business at 35246 US Highway 19 North, #215, Palm Harbor, Florida 34684. There is no continuity of facilities with the Company.     Neither IBR nor HyFuels had an employee base, a distribution system, a sales force, a customer base, production techniques or trade names associated with the assets. Their ownership rights may arguably be referred to as operating rights but there were essentially no operations associated with the assets.     The only activities of the assignors involved the creation of the Internet website domain names and the creation of the seven Hadronic reactors and associated patents pending. These assets did not generate revenue prior to the assignment, so there is essentially no financial data to report regarding  revenue producing activity previously associated with the acquired assets . Furthermore, there is no  sufficient continuity of operations with our Company so that disclosure of prior financial information regarding IBR or HyFuels is material to an understanding of future operations regarding our Company.              Description of Business, Principal Products, Services       The business of Thunder Energies Corporation ("TEC") is focused on the development of a new clean combustion of fossil fuels (oil, diesel, coal, etc.) with controlled minimal contaminants in the exhaust. Our business objective is achieved via new forms of processing fossil fuels, new additives to the combustion and the assistance of a high voltage electric discharges (patents pending) that burn combustible contaminants in fossil fuel exhaust while providing added on clean energy. The expected principal product, depending on funding, is a new type of furnace for the clean combustion of fossil fuel available in any desired size for any type of energy application, from home heating to large plants for the clean production of electricity. The expected services are to be rendered by providing technical assistance to the market consisting of existing fossil fuel electric power plants for their decrease of pollutants in the exhaust and their verification of EPA regulations on the release of contaminants in the atmosphere. A prototype new furnace is expected to be available within one year following the availability of the necessary funds. As we are a development stage company, we have not yet generated any revenue from the assets that were recently assigned to and acquired by the Company, including the Hadronic reactors. The Hadronic reactors have been utilized to test and confirm the technology for ultimate inclusion in the new furnaces. Thunder Energies Corp. is a developer of new technologies that are being brought to market by three divisions: 1) Division of Optical Instruments (TEC-DOI); 2) Division of Nuclear Instruments (TEC-DNI); and 3) Division of Fuel Combustion (TEC--DFC). All intellectual properties, including patents, patent applications, domain names, copyrights, know how, etc., are exclusively and irrevocably owned by Thunder Energies Corp. without any royalty payments. Out of the three divisions, TEC-DOE has initiated production and sale of pairs of Galileo and Santilli telescopes with 70 mm, 100 mm, and 150 mm. The remaining two divisions are expecting funding for their commercialization.       Distribution Methods Of The Products and Services       For this first division TEC-DOE we have initiated advertisement via direct e-mail and public news releases. Initially, we anticipate marketing via large advertisements on the internet, such as via PRWeb and PRNewswire Releases. For the other two divisions we expect to market through contacts that we are able to generate, and via direct contacts of potential buyers of TEC new fossil fuel furnaces or TEC services for the improvement of existing fossil fuel burning plants.       Status of Any Publicly Announced New Product Or Service       Regarding the sale of telescopes, we have made several news releases and radio interviews. In addition, we have presented all TEC technologies to investors  conferences. For the other two divisions TEC-DNE and TEC-DFC the company contemplates no advertisement until the availability of production equipment. We have, however, published scientific papers on the new sciences underlying the Combustion and Nuclear Divisions.       Competitive Business Conditions And The Smaller Reporting Company s Competitive Position In The Industry And Methods Of Competition       There are no known competitors for the new telescopes with concave lenses produced and sold by TEC-DOE. There exist many types of furnaces for the combustion of fossil fuels but they are all based on conventional combustion of fossil fuels and then the removal of contaminants in the exhaust. By contrast, the main function of TEC furnaces is that of improving the combustion with consequential reduction of contaminants in the exhaust while increasing the energy output for the same fossil fuel. There is no known competition for the detection of fissionable material via a thermal neutron source under development by TEC-DNE.        Sources And Availability Of Raw Materials And The Names Of Principal Suppliers       The company has selected qualified manufacturers for the telescopes of TEC-DOE. All components for the new telescope are readily available on the open market. Suppliers are available for the other two technologies and will be selected following completion of their development. The raw material needed by the TEC furnaces is given by conventional fossil fuels all available in the U.S.A. by a large number of suppliers.              Dependence On One Or A Few Customers       There are many potential customers for the pair of telescopes produced by the. TEC-DOE division. Our marketing analysis has identified the potential customers in all individuals and associations interested in sky watching. For the other two technologies, we have not yet performed market analysis.       Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises, Concessions, Royalty Agreements Or Labor Contracts, Including Duration       A first patent application is pending, while additional patent applications are expected depending on funding. Trademarks are expected to be applied for depending on funding. No franchisee or license is expected during the first three years of operation. Labor contracts for employees are planned for implementation following legal assistance and decisions by our Board of Directors.       Need For Any Government Approval Of Principal Products Or Services       No governmental approval or permits are necessary for the telescopes. No governmental approval or permits is expected for the development of the new furnaces for the clean combustion of fossil fuels. Following their availability, the TEC furnaces will be subject to and must comply with applicable EPA requirements for permitted levels of contaminants in the exhaust. In regard to the neutron source we need to further analyze the requirements       Effect Of Existing Or Probable Governmental Regulations On The Business       There are no governmental regulations affecting the sale of the telescope technology. Due to its novel conception, a principal objective of TEC furnaces is that of surpassing current EPA requirements for the contaminants in the combustion exhaust released in the atmosphere. We expect that the neutron source technology will be government regulated and we are in the process of analyzing and assessing the impact of such regulations on the business.        Estimate Of The Amount Of Money Spent During Each Of The Last Two Fiscal Years On Research And Development       There have been no funds expended by the Company on research and development in the last two fiscal years. All funding for the development of our products to date has been derived from related entities, IBR and HyFuels, which are beneficially controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli.       Costs and Effects Of Compliance With Environmental Laws       There are no environmental laws affecting the sale of pairs of telescopes as we simply assemble telescopes, cameras and proprietary concave lenses. We are unable to estimate the costs and effects of compliance with environmental laws prior to completion of a TEC prototype furnace.       Number Of Total Employees And Number Of Full-Time Employees       At this time, the Company has two full time employees and five persons working part time in various functions.                  Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company      We qualify as an emerging growth company as that term is used in the JOBS Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include:                         A requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related MD                              Exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth company s internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;                             Reduced disclosure about the emerging growth company s executive compensation arrangements; and                             No non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements.         We have already taken advantage of these reduced reporting burdens in this amendment to our Current Report on Form 8-K, which are also available to us as a smaller reporting company as defined under Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).     In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We are choosing to utilize the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the JOBS Act. This election allows our Company to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.      We could remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a  large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period.     We are a reporting company and file all reports required under sections 13 and 15d of the Exchange Act.      Results of Operations and Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.      The results of operations are based on preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of financial statements requires management to select accounting policies for critical accounting areas as well as estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements. The Company s accounting policies are more fully described in Note 3 to the Notes of Financial Statements.        Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.        Revenues.       Total Revenue.  Total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $0 respectively.       Expenses.       Total Expenses.  Total expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $109,270 and $240,421, respectively. Total expenses consisted of research and development of $6,507 and $11,631, respectively; professional fees of $42,389 and $166,571, respectively and selling, general and administrative expenses of $57,610 and $60,284, respectively. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2,764 and $1,935 respectively. Research and development decreased by approximately 44% due to a reduction in materials purchased. Professional fees decreased by approximately 75% due to the decrease in shares issued for services. Interest expense increased by approximately 43% due to increased borrowings for operations.              Results of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.        Revenues.       Total Revenue.  Total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $12,610 and $0 respectively. Increase in revenues was due to the sales of a telescope.       Expenses.       Total Expenses.  Total expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $352,761 and $510,253, respectively. Total expenses consisted of research and development of $31,845 and $49,732, respectively; professional fees of $141,643 and $277,731, respectively and selling, general and administrative expenses of $171,521 and $177,898, respectively. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $7,752 and $4,892 respectively. Research and development decreased by approximately 36% due to a reduction in materials purchased. Professional fees decreased by approximately 49% due to the decrease in shares issued for services. Interest expense increased by approximately 58% due to increased borrowings for operations.      Financial Condition.       Total Assets.  Total assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $22,433 and $24,077, respectively. Total assets consist of cash of $7,663 and $12,822, respectively and intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, of $14,770 and $11,255, respectively.       Total Liabilities.  Total liabilities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $1,338,193 and $1,062,042, respectively. Total liabilities consist of accounts payable of $335 and $2,437, respectively; accrued interest of $18,012 and $10,259, respectively; accrued salaries of $802,846 and $613,846, respectively; and note payable to related parties of $517,000 and $435,500, respectively. Accounts payable decreased by approximately 86% due to a reduction in materials purchased for research and development. Accrued compensation, related parties increased by approximately 31% due to Dr. Ruggero Santilli and Ms. Carla Santilli not taking their annual salaries per their contracts. Note payable, related party, increased by approximately 19% due to increased borrowings for operations. Accrued interest increased by approximately 76% due to additional funds borrowed for operations.       Liquidity and Capital Resources.      The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.      The Company sustained a loss of $340,151 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $510,253 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Company has accumulated losses totaling $2,242,425 at September 30, 2016. Because of the absence of positive cash flows from operations, the Company will require additional funding for continuing the development and marketing of products. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.     We are presently able to meet our obligations as they come due through the support of our shareholders. At September 30, 2016 we had a working capital deficit of $1,330,530. Our working capital deficit is due to the results of operations.      Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $82,994 and $150,140, respectively. Net cash used in operating activities includes our net loss, amortization, stock issued for services, accounts payable, accrued salaries and accrued interest.      Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $3,665 and $9,455 respectively. Net cash used in investing activities includes legal expenses paid for patents.             Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $81,500 and $158,500, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities includes proceeds from notes payable- related party.     We anticipate that our future liquidity requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth from operations, pay current obligations and future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding for such requirements are expected to be cash generated from operations and raising additional funds from the private sources and/or debt financing. However, we can provide no assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations and/or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us, if at all, to remain a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis and ultimately to attain profitability. Our Plan of Operation for the next twelve months is to raise capital to implement our strategy. We do not have the necessary cash and revenue to satisfy our cash requirements for the next twelve months. We cannot guarantee that additional funding will be available on favorable terms, if at all. If adequate funds are not available, then we may not be able to expand our operations. If adequate funds are not available, we believe that our officers and directors will contribute funds to pay for some of our expenses. However, we have not made any arrangements or agreements with our officers and directors regarding such advancement of funds. We do not know whether we will issue stock for the loans or whether we will merely prepare and sign promissory notes. If we are forced to seek funds from our officers or directors, we will negotiate the specific terms and conditions of such loan when made, if ever. Although we are not presently engaged in any capital raising activities, we anticipate that we may engage in one or more private offering of our company s securities after the completion of this offering. We would most likely rely upon the transaction exemptions from registration provided by Regulation D, Rule 506 or conduct another private offering under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. See  Note 2   Going Concern  in our financial statements for additional information as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a  going concern.      We are not aware of any trends or known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in material increases or decreases in liquidity.      Capital Resources.      We had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of September 30, 2016.      Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements       We have made no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       We are a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.           Item 4. Controls and Procedures .        (a) Management s Conclusions Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.       The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.     With respect to the period ending September 30, 2016, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.     Based upon our evaluation regarding the period ending September 30, 2016, the Company s management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the Company s limited internal resources and lack of ability to have multiple levels of transaction review. Material weaknesses noted are lack of an audit committee, lack of a majority of outside directors on the board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and management is dominated by two individuals, without adequate compensating controls. Through the use of external consultants and the review process, management believes that the financial statements and other information presented herewith are materially correct.     The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. However, the Company s management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.       (b) Changes in Internal Controls.       There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting.     For a full discussion of controls and procedures refer to Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.             Part II. Other Information         Item 1. Legal Proceedings.       None.       Item 1A. Risk Factors       We are a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       During the period ending September 30, 2016, the Company engaged in the sale of its unregistered securities as described below. The shares of our common stock were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. These shares of our common stock qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 since the issuance of shares by us did not involve a public offering. The offering was not a  public offering  as defined in Section 4(a)(2) due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the deal, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of shares offered. We did not undertake an offering in which we sold a high number of shares to a high number of investors. In addition, these shareholders had necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(a)(2) since they agreed to receive shares certificates bearing a legend stating that such shares are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the 1933 Act. This restriction ensures that these shares would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a  public offering.  All shareholders are  sophisticated investors  and are family members, friends or business acquaintances of our officers and directors. Based on an analysis of the above factors, we believe we have met the requirements to qualify for exemption under section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for this transaction.            During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company issued 384,726 shares to a non-related party for services, recorded at the fair market value of the share price, in the amount of $62,356. Additional shares of our common stock were issued at fair market value of the share price as set forth in the table below.             Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None.       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable.       Item 5. Other Information.       None.              Item 6. Exhibits                Exhibit Number and Description        Location Reference                     (a)    Financial Statements      Filed herewith                       (b)    Exhibits required by Item 601, Regulation S-K;                             (3.0)    Articles of Incorporation                               (3.1)    Initial Articles of Incorporation filed with Form 10 Registration Statement on July 21, 2011      See Exhibit Key                           (3.2)    Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated July 29, 2013      See Exhibit Key                           (3.3)    Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated October 7, 2013      See Exhibit Key                           (3.4)    Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated April 25, 2014      See Exhibit Key                           (3.5)    Bylaws filed with Form 10 Registration Statement on July 21, 2011.      See Exhibit Key                         (11.0)    Statement re: computation of per share Earnings.      Note 2 to Financial Stmts.                       (14.0)    Code of Ethics      See Exhibit Key                        (31.1)      Certificate of Chief Executive Officer And Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       Filed herewith                        (32.1)      Certification of Chief Executive Officer And Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002       Filed herewith                     (101.INS)    XBRL Instance Document       Filed herewith      (101.SCH)    XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Schema Document      Filed herewith      (101.CAL)    XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Calculation Linkbase Document      Filed herewith      (101.DEF)    XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Definition Linkbase Document      Filed herewith      (101.LAB)    XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Label Linkbase Document      Filed herewith      (101.PRE)    XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Presentation Linkbase Document      Filed herewith           Exhibit Key               3.1    Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 21, 2011.               3.2    Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2013.               3.3    Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2013.               3.4    Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2014.               3.5    Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 21, 2011.               14.0    Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2012.                 Signatures       Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.       THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION                NAME           TITLE           DATE                       /s/ Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli          Principal Executive Officer,         November 10, 2016      Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli      Principal Accounting Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors                        

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tfc_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   tfc_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER          I, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Thunder Energies Corporation;               2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                        (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                   5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                     (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                        Thunder Energies Corporation                      Date: November 10, 2016  By:    /s/ Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli                    Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli                Principal Executive Officer  Principal Financial Officer  Principal Accounting Officer          

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 tfc_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   tfc_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1         CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350      In connection with the Quarterly Report of Thunder Energies Corporation, (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge that:                  (i)    the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Act ); and                           (ii)    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                         THUNDER ENERGIES CORPORATION                      Date: November 10, 2016  By:    /s/ Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli                    Dr. Ruggero M. Santilli               Principal Executive Officer  Principal Financial Officer  Principal Accounting Officer          

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 tfc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tfc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 tfc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 tfc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 tfc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 tfc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

