<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1321228_0001654954-16-003924_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1803037</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>74282</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>126016</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>594618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>570390</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>392117</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>9</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003924.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114142811
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003924
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 13
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001321228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF APARTMENT BUILDINGS [6513]
		IRS NUMBER:				202355224
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52841
		FILM NUMBER:		161993710

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17782 SKY PARK CIRCLE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		714-662-5565

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17782 SKY PARK CIRCLE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003924.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 n613_10q.htm
 CURRENT REPORT

Blueprint 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For the
transition period from ________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number: 333-124115  

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(714)
662-5565 

(Telephone
number) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. 

  Yes 
   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). 

  Yes 
  
No    

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer,"
"accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
accelerated filer     Accelerated filer 
   Non-accelerated filer    
Smaller reporting
company    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 
   No    

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

PART I.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. 

Financial
Statements 

Condensed
Balance Sheets 

As of
September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 

3 

Condensed
Statements of Operations 

For the
Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

4 

Condensed
Statement of Partners' Equity (Deficit) 

For the
Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 

5 

Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows 

For the
Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

6 

Notes
to Condensed Financial Statements 

7 

Item
2. 

Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial 

Condition
and Results of Operations 

18 

Item
3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risks 

22 

Item
4. 

Controls and Procedures 

22 

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. 

Legal
Proceedings 

23 

Item
1A. 

Risk
Factors 

23 

Item
2. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

23 

Item
3. 

Defaults
Upon Senior Securities 

23 

Item
4. 

Mine
Safety Disclosures 

23 

Item
5. 

Other
Information 

23 

Item
6. 

Exhibits 

23 

Signatures 

24 

2 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 

3 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 

(Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 

  4 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF PARTNERS  EQUITY
(DEFICIT) 

For the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016
(Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 

  5 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

(Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 

6 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

General 

The
accompanying condensed unaudited financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America for interim financial
information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q for quarterly
reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and
footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America for complete financial statements. In
the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation
have been included. Operating results for the six months ended
September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017. For
further information, refer to the financial statements and
footnotes thereto included in the Partnership's annual report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. 

Organization 

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 13, a California
Limited Partnership (the  Partnership ), was formed on
February 7, 2005 under the laws of the State of California, and
commenced operations on December 14, 2005. The Partnership was
formed to invest primarily in other limited partnerships and
limited liability companies (the  Local Limited
Partnerships ) which own and operate multi-family housing
complexes (the  Housing Complexes ) that are eligible
for Low Income Housing Tax Credits. The local general partners (the
 Local General Partners ) of each Local Limited
Partnership retain responsibility for maintaining, operating and
managing the Housing Complex. Each Local Limited Partnership is
governed by its agreement of limited partnership (the  Local
Limited Partnership Agreement ). 

The general partner of the Partnership is WNC National Partners,
LLC (the  General Partner ). The general partner of the
General Partner is WNC   Associates, Inc.
( Associates ). The chairman and the president of
Associates owns all of the outstanding stock of Associates. The
business of the Partnership is conducted primarily through
Associates, as the Partnership and General Partner have no
employees of their own. 

The
Partnership shall continue in full force and effect until December
31, 2070, unless terminated prior to that date, pursuant to the
partnership agreement or law. 

The
financial statements include only activity relating to the business
of the Partnership and do not give effect to any assets that the
partners may have outside of their interests in the Partnership, or
to any obligations, including income taxes of the
partners. 

Pursuant
to a registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on April 18, 2005, the
Partnership commenced a public offering of 25,000 units of limited
partnership interest ( Partnership Units ) at a price
of $1,000 per Partnership Unit. The required minimum offering
amount of $1,400,000 was achieved by December 14, 2005. Total
subscriptions for 20,981 Partnership Units had been accepted,
representing $20,965,400, which is net of volume discounts of
$4,540 and dealer discounts of $11,060. Holders of Partnership
Units are referred to herein as  Limited Partners.  As
of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, a total of 20,857 and
20,931 Partnership Units remain outstanding, respectively. The
General Partner has a 0.1% interest in operating profits and
losses, taxable income and losses, cash available for distribution
from the Partnership and tax credits. The Limited Partners will be
allocated the remaining 99.9% interest in proportion to their
respective investments. 

The
proceeds from the disposition of any of the Housing Complexes will
be used first to pay debts and other obligations per the respective
Local Limited Partnership Agreement. Any remaining proceeds will
then be paid to the partners of the Local Limited Partnership,
including the Partnership, in accordance with the terms of the
particular Local Limited Partnership Agreement. The sale of a
Housing Complex may be subject to other restrictions and
obligations. 

7 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES,
continued 

Accordingly,
there can be no assurance that a Local Limited Partnership will be
able to sell its Housing Complex. Even if   it does so, there
can be no assurance that any significant amounts of cash will be
distributed to the Partnership. Should such distributions occur,
the Limited Partners will be entitled to receive distributions from
the proceeds remaining after payment of Partnership obligations and
funding reserves, equal to their capital contributions and their
return on investment (as defined in the Partnership Agreement). The
General Partner would then be entitled to receive proceeds equal to
its capital contributions from the remainder. Any additional sale
or refinancing proceeds will be distributed 90% to the Limited
Partners (in proportion to their respective investments) and 10% to
the General Partner. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

An
investment in the Partnership and the Partnership s
investments in Local Limited Partnerships and their Housing
Complexes are subject to risks. These risks may impact the tax
benefits of an investment in the Partnership, and the amount of
proceeds available for distribution to the Limited Partners, if
any, on liquidation of the Partnership s investments. Some of
those risks include the following: 

The Low
Income Housing Tax Credits rules are extremely complicated.
Noncompliance with these rules results in the loss of future Low
Income Housing Tax Credits and the fractional recapture of Low
Income Housing Tax Credits already taken. In most cases the annual
amount of Low Income Housing Tax Credits that an individual can use
is limited to the tax liability due on the person s last
$25,000 of taxable income. The Local Limited Partnerships may be
unable to sell the Housing Complexes at a price which would result
in the Partnership realizing cash distributions or proceeds from
the transaction. Accordingly, the Partnership may be unable to
distribute any cash to its Limited Partners. Low Income Housing Tax
Credits may be the only benefit from an investment in the
Partnership. 

The
Partnership has invested in a limited number of Local Limited
Partnerships. Such limited diversity means that the results of
operation of each single Housing Complex will have a greater impact
on the Partnership. With limited diversity, poor performance of one
Housing Complex could impair the Partnership s ability to
satisfy its investment objectives. Each Housing Complex is subject
to mortgage indebtedness. If a Local Limited Partnership failed to
pay its mortgage, it could lose its Housing Complex in foreclosure.
If foreclosure were to occur during the first 15 years (the
 Compliance Period ), the loss of any remaining future
Low Income Housing Tax Credits, a fractional recapture of prior Low
Income Housing Tax Credits, and a loss of the Partnership s
investment in the Housing Complex would occur. The Partnership is a
limited partner or a non-managing member of each Local Limited
Partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership will have very limited
rights with respect to management of the Local Limited
Partnerships. The Partnership will rely totally on the Local
General Partners. Neither the Partnership s investments in
Local Limited Partnerships, nor the Local Limited
Partnerships  investments in Housing Complexes, are readily
marketable. To the extent the Housing Complexes receive government
financing or operating subsidies, they may be subject to one or
more of the following risks: difficulties in obtaining tenants for
the Housing Complexes; difficulties in obtaining rent increases;
limitations on cash distributions; limitations on sales or
refinancing of Housing Complexes; limitations on transfers of
interests in Local Limited Partnerships; limitations on removal of
Local General Partners; limitations on subsidy programs; and
possible changes in applicable regulations. Uninsured casualties
could result in loss of property and Low Income Housing Tax Credits
and recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits previously taken.
The value of real estate is subject to risks from fluctuating
economic conditions, including employment rates, inflation, tax,
environmental, land use and zoning policies, supply and demand of
similar Housing Complexes, and neighborhood conditions, among
others. 

8 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES,
continued 

The
ability of Limited Partners to claim tax losses from the
Partnership is limited. The IRS may audit the Partnership or a
Local Limited Partnership and challenge the tax treatment of tax
items. The amount of Low Income Housing Tax   Credits and tax
losses allocable to Limited Partners could be reduced if the IRS
were successful in such a challenge. The alternative minimum tax
could reduce tax benefits from an investment in the Partnership.
Changes in tax laws could also impact the tax benefits from an
investment in the Partnership and/or the value of the Housing
Complexes. 

The
Partnership currently has insufficient working capital to fund its
operations. Associates has agreed to continue providing advances
sufficient enough to fund the operations and working capital
requirements of the Partnership through November 30,
2017. 

Anticipated
future and existing cash resources of the Partnership are not
sufficient to pay existing liabilities of the Partnership. A
significant portion of the existing liabilities are the payables to
Local Limited Partnerships and those payables are the first
priority to be paid. If the Partnership does not have enough cash
to pay those liabilities the General Partner or an affiliate will
fund the necessary cash to pay the liabilities. The remaining
portion of the payables is due to the General Partner or an
affiliate. Though the amounts payable to the General Partner and/or
its affiliates are contractually currently payable, the Partnership
anticipates that the General Partner and/or its affiliates will not
require the payment of these contractual obligations until capital
reserves are in excess of the aggregate of then existing
contractual obligations and then anticipated future foreseeable
obligations of the Partnership. The Partnership would be adversely
affected should the General Partner and/or its affiliates demand
current payment of the existing contractual obligations and or
suspend services for this or any other reason. 

No
trading market for the Partnership Units exists or is expected to
develop. Limited Partners may be unable to sell their Partnership
Units except at a discount and should consider their Partnership
Units to be a long-term investment. Individual Limited Partners
will have no recourse if they disagree with actions authorized by a
vote of the majority of Limited Partners. 

Exit Strategy 

The
Compliance Period for a Housing Complex is generally 15 years
following construction or rehabilitation completion. Associates was
one of the first in the industry to offer syndicated investments in
Low Income Housing Tax Credits. The initial programs have completed
their Compliance Periods. 

Upon
the sale of a Local Limited Partnership interest or Housing Complex
after the end of the Compliance Period, there would be no recapture
of Low Income Housing Tax Credits. A sale prior to the end of the
Compliance Period could result in recapture if certain conditions
are not met. None of the Housing Complexes has completed its
15-year Compliance Period. 

With
that in mind, the General Partner is continuing its review of the
Housing Complexes. The review considers many factors, including
extended use requirements (such as those due to mortgage
restrictions or state compliance agreements), the condition of the
Housing Complexes, and the tax consequences to the Limited Partners
from the sale of the Housing Complexes. 

Upon
identifying those Housing Complexes with the highest potential for
a successful sale, refinancing or re-syndication, the Partnership
expects to proceed with efforts to liquidate them. The objective is
to maximize the Limited Partners  return wherever possible
and, ultimately, to wind down the Partnership as Low Income Housing
Tax Credits are no longer available. Local Limited Partnership
interests may be disposed of any time by the General Partner in its
discretion. While liquidation of the Housing Complexes continues to
be evaluated, the dissolution of the Partnership was not imminent
as of September 30, 2016. 

9 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES,
continued 

During
the year ended March 31, 2011, the Partnership sold two Local
Limited Partnerships, Fernwood Meadows, L.P.
( Fernwood ) and Sierra s Run, L.P.
( Sierra s Run ) for disposition in order to
generate sufficient equity to complete the purchase of additional
low income housing tax credits for Davenport Housing VII,
L.P.  ( Davenport , see Note 2 to the audited
financial statements).   

Fernwood
and Sierra s Run will complete their Compliance Periods in
2022; therefore there is a risk of tax credit
recapture.  The maximum exposure of recapture (excluding
the interest and penalties related to the recapture) is $177,508
and $170,246, respectively, for Fernwood and Sierra s Run,
which equates to $16.57 per Partnership Unit in the
aggregate.  Under the circumstances, the General Partner
believes there is a reasonable expectation that each Local Limited
Partnership will continue to be operated as qualified low income
housing for the balance of its Compliance Period, and, accordingly,
does not anticipate that there will be any recapture. 

As of
March 31, 2016, the underlying Housing complexes of Pleasant
Village Limited Partnership ( Pleasant Village ) and
Grove Village Limited Partnership ( Grove Village )
were sold resulting in the termination of the Partnership s
Local Limited Partnership interest. The Partnership also gifted its
Local Limited Partnership interest in 909 4 th  YMCA Limited Partnership to an
unrelated nonprofit corporation. There was no risk of tax credit
recapture to the investors for all three of the
dispositions. 

The
proceeds from the disposition of any of the Housing Complexes will
be used first to pay debts and other obligations per the respective
Local Limited Partnership Agreement. Any remaining proceeds will
then be paid to the partners of the Local Limited Partnership,
including the Partnership, in accordance with the terms of the
particular Local Limited Partnership Agreement. The sale of a
Housing Complex may be subject to other restrictions and
obligations. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a Local
Limited Partnership will be able to sell its Housing Complex. Even
if it does so, there can be no assurance that any significant
amounts of cash will be distributed to the Partnership, as the
proceeds first would be used to pay Partnership obligations and
funding of reserves. 

Method of Accounting for Investments in Local Limited
Partnerships 

The
Partnership accounts for its investments in Local Limited
Partnerships using the equity method of accounting, whereby the
Partnership adjusts its investment balance for its share of the
Local Limited Partnerships  results of operations and for any
contributions made and distributions received. The Partnership
reviews the carrying amount of an individual investment in a Local
Limited Partnership for possible impairment at least annually or
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of such investment may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of such investment is measured by the estimated
value derived by management, generally consisting of the sum of the
remaining future Low Income Housing Tax Credits estimated to be
allocable to the Partnership and the estimated residual value to
the Partnership. If an investment is considered to be impaired, the
Partnership reduces the carrying value of its investment in any
such Local Limited Partnership. The accounting policies of the
Local Limited Partnerships, generally, are expected to be
consistent with those of the Partnership. Costs incurred by the
Partnership in acquiring the investments are capitalized as part of
the investment account and were being amortized over 27.5 years
(see Notes 2 and 3). 

Equity
in losses of Local Limited Partnerships  for the periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 has been recorded by the
Partnership. Management s estimate for the six-month periods
is based on either actual unaudited results reported by the Local
Limited Partnerships or historical trends in the operations of the
Local Limited Partnerships. Equity in losses of Local Limited
Partnerships allocated to the Partnership is not recognized to the
extent that the investment balance would be adjusted below zero. If
the Local Limited Partnerships report net income in future years,
the Partnership will resume applying the equity method only after
its share of such net income equals the share of net losses not
recognized during the period(s) the equity method was
suspended. 

10 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES,
continued 

In
accordance with the accounting guidance for the consolidation of
variable interest entities, the Partnership determines when it
should include the assets, liabilities, and activities of a
variable interest entity (VIE) in its financial   statements, and
when it should disclose information about its relationship with a
VIE. The analysis that must be performed to determine which entity
should consolidate a VIE focuses on control and economic factors. A
VIE is a legal structure used to conduct activities or hold assets,
which must be consolidated by a company if it is the primary
beneficiary because it has (1) the power to direct the activities
of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic
performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or receive
benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. If
multiple unrelated parties share such power, as defined, no party
will be required to consolidate the VIE. Further, the guidance
requires continual reconsideration of the primary beneficiary of a
VIE. 

Based
on this guidance, the Local Limited Partnerships in which the
Partnership invests meet the definition of a VIE because the owners
of the equity at risk in these entities do not have the power to
direct their operations. However, management does not consolidate
the Partnership's interests in these VIEs, as it is not considered
to be the primary beneficiary since it does not have the power to
direct the activities that are considered most significant to the
economic performance of these entities. The Partnership currently
records the amount of its investment in these Local Limited
Partnerships as an asset on its balance sheets, recognizes its
share of partnership income or losses in the statements of
operations, and discloses how it accounts for material types of
these investments in its financial statements. The Partnership's
balance in investment in Local Limited Partnerships, plus the risk
of recapture of tax credits previously recognized on these
investments, represents its maximum exposure to loss. The
Partnership's exposure to loss on these Local Limited Partnerships
is mitigated by the condition and financial performance of the
underlying Housing Complexes as well as the strength of the Local
General Partners and their guarantee against credit recapture to
the investors in the Partnership. 

Distributions
received by the Partnership are accounted for as a reduction of the
investment balance. Distributions received after the investment has
reached zero are recognized as income. As of September 30, 2016 and
March 31, 2016, one of the remaining investment balances had
reached zero. 

Use of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The
Partnership considers all highly liquid investments with original
maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash
equivalents. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the
Partnership had $298,996 and $315,082 in cash equivalents,
respectively. 

Reporting Comprehensive Income 

The
Partnership had no items of other comprehensive income for all
periods presented. 

11 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES,
continued 

Income Taxes 

The
Partnership has elected to be treated as a pass-through entity for
income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to income taxes.
Rather, all items of taxable income, deductions and tax credits are
passed through to and are reported by its owners on their
respective income tax returns.  The Partnership s
federal tax status as a pass-through entity is based on its legal
status as a partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership is not
required to take any tax positions in order to qualify as a
pass-through entity. The Partnership is required to file and does
file tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing
authorities. Accordingly, these financial statements do not reflect
a provision for income taxes and the Partnership has no other tax
positions which must be considered for disclosure.   Income tax returns
filed by the Partnership are subject to examination by the Internal
Revenue Service for a period of three years. While no income tax
returns are currently being examined by the Internal Revenue
Service, tax years since 2013 remain open. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Partnership Unit 

Net
income (loss) per Partnership Unit includes no dilution and is
computed by dividing income (loss) available to Limited Partners by
the weighted average number of Partnership Units outstanding during
the period. Calculation of diluted net income (loss) per
Partnership Unit is not required. 

Revenue Recognition 

The
Partnership is entitled to receive reporting fees from the Local
Limited Partnerships. The intent of the reporting fees is to offset
(in part) administrative costs incurred by the Partnership in
corresponding with the Local Limited Partnerships. Due to the
uncertainty of the collection of these fees, the Partnership
recognizes reporting fees as collections are made. 

Amortization 

Acquisition
fees and costs were being amortized over 27.5 years using the
straight-line method. Amortization expense for the six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $463 and $1,703,
respectively. 

Impairment 

The
Partnership reviews its investments in Local Limited Partnership
for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such investments
may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by a comparison
of the carrying amount of the investment to the sum of the total
amount of the remaining Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to
the Partnership and any estimated residual value of the investment.
For the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, impairment
loss related to investments in Local Limited Partnerships was
$668,766 and $991,757, respectively. 

The
Partnership also evaluates its intangibles for impairment in
connection with its investments in Local Limited Partnerships.
Impairment on the intangibles is measured by comparing the
Partnership s total investment balance after impairment of
investments in Local Limited Partnerships to the sum of the total
of the remaining Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the
Partnership and any estimated residual value of the investments.
During the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, an
impairment loss of $34,206 and $60,703, respectively, was recorded
against related intangibles. 

12 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS 

As of
September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Partnership owns Local
Limited Partnership interests in 5 Local Limited Partnerships, each
of which owns one Housing Complex consisting of an aggregate of 146
apartment units. The respective Local General Partners of the Local
Limited Partnerships manage the day to day operations of the
entities. Significant Local Limited Partnership business decisions
require approval from the Partnership. The Partnership, as a
limited partner, is generally entitled to 99.98%, as specified in
the Local Limited Partnership Agreements, of the operating profits
and losses, taxable income and losses, and Low Income Housing Tax
Credits of the Local Limited Partnerships. 

The
following is a summary of the equity method activity of the
investments in Local Limited Partnerships for the periods presented
below: 

13 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS,
continued 

Selected
financial information for the six months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 from the unaudited combined condensed financial statements
of the Local Limited Partnerships in which the Partnership has
invested is as follows: 

Certain
Local Limited Partnerships have incurred significant operating
losses and/or have working capital deficiencies. In the event these
Local Limited Partnerships continue to incur significant operating
losses, additional capital contributions by the Partnership may be
required to sustain operations of such Local Limited Partnerships.
If additional capital contributions are not made when they are
required, the Partnership's investments in certain of such Local
Limited Partnerships could be impaired, and the loss and recapture
of the related Low Income Housing Tax Credits could
occur. 

Troubled Housing Complexes 

Davenport
started construction in October 2006 and was scheduled to be
completed in June 2008. Construction was delayed due to the
original Local General Partner defaulting on his construction
guarantee, and resulting in disputed mechanic liens on the
property. In November 2008, a co-Local General Partner, Shelter
Resource Corporation, was admitted into the Partnership, due to
restrictions implemented by the Iowa Finance Authority
( IFA ). Subsequently, with IFA s approval, the
defaulting original Local General Partner was removed from the
Partnership leaving Shelter Resource Corporation as the sole Local
General Partner. 

As of
March 31, 2010, the property was 100% completed and a certificate
of occupancy was granted for both buildings in December 2009. The
Partnership engaged all sub-contractors to sign new construction
contracts, along with lien releases for any and all work done after
their engagement. During the year ended March 31, 2011, the
Partnership voluntarily advanced $846,175 to Davenport for
construction related costs. There were no additional advances made
to Davenport due to the additional investment made, as discussed
below. 

The
project was fully completed as of March 31, 2010 and it achieved
stabilized operations by June 2010. In June 2010 the property
achieved 85% occupancy and has maintained occupancy of 80% to 100%
to the date of this filing. Davenport has been awarded state
historical tax credits from the State of Iowa, federal historical
credits and federal Low Income Housing Tax Credits. The State
historical credits are given in the form of a refund check from the
State in conjunction with the State tax return filing. The net
amount of the check after applicable federal taxes will
be 

14 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 2- INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS,
continued 

contributed
back to the property to help fund construction shortfalls.
Davenport was also allocated additional federal Low Income Housing
Tax Credits as well as federal historical tax credits. Upon the
Limited Partners  approval of the dispositions of Sierra
Run s and Fernwood, the Partnership made the additional
investment in Davenport. See the exit strategy in Note 1 regarding
the dispositions of Sierra s Run and Fernwood. On July 1,
2010, the Partnership committed additional capital to Davenport in
the amount of $2,490,651. This additional commitment generated
$408,710 of federal historic credits and $3,582,550 of additional
federal Low Income Housing Tax Credits which were allocated to the
partners of the Partnership. 

As of
September 30, 2016, the property is on the watch list due to a low
year-to-date DCR, low physical and economic occupancy, and low
replacement reserves. Operating expenses were reduced to $4,846 per
unit during the same period and breakeven would be achieved at 96%
occupancy. This is a small, 20 unit property and three vacant units
have a material impact on rental revenue. Turnover has not
historically been an issue at this senior property and move-outs
are typically due to declining health of the resident. Rent
concessions are not required to lease the vacant units. The Local
General Partner s operating deficit guarantee expired in
2013. The operating cash account, and increases in the accounts
payable account have addressed the operating deficit. Due to
negative cash flow for the year, the replacement reserve was not
fully funded as required. WNC is in discussions to possibly replace
the Local General Partner of Davenport Housing VII,
L.P. 

NOTE 3 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Under
the terms of the Partnership Agreement, the Partnership has paid or
is obligated to the General Partner or its affiliates for the
following fees: 

(a) 

  Acquisition
fees of up to 7% of the gross proceeds from the sale of Partnership
Units as compensation for services rendered in connection with the
acquisition of Local Limited Partnerships. At the end of all
periods presented, the Partnership incurred acquisition fees of
$1,468,670. Impairment on the intangibles is measured by comparing
the Partnership s total investment balance after impairment
of investments in Local Limited Partnerships to the sum of the
total of the remaining Low Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to
the Partnership. If an impairment loss related to the acquisition
fees is recorded, the accumulated amortization is reduced to zero
at that time. As of all period presented, the acquisition fees were
fully amortized or impaired. 

(b) 

   A non-accountable acquisition costs of 2% of the
gross proceeds from the sale of Partnership Units as an expense
reimbursement in connection with the acquisition of Local Limited
Partnerships. As of the end of all periods presented, the
Partnership incurred acquisition costs of $419,620, which have been
included in investments in Local Limited Partnerships. Accumulated
amortization of these capitalized costs was $0 and $1,386 as of
September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively. 
 Impairment on the intangibles is
measured by comparing the Partnership s total investment
balance after impairment of investments in Local Limited
Partnerships to the sum of the total of the remaining Low Income
Housing Tax Credits allocated to the Partnership. If an impairment
loss related to the acquisition costs is recorded, the accumulated
amortization is reduced to zero at that time. As of September 30,
2016, the acquisition costs were fully amortized or
impaired.  

(c) 

  An annual asset
management fee accrues in an amount equal to 0.5% of the Invested
Assets of the Partnership.  Invested Assets  is defined
as the sum of the Partnership s Investment in Local Limited
Partnerships, plus the reserves of the Partnership of up to 5% of
gross Partnership Unit sales proceeds, and the Partnership s
allocable share of the amount of the mortgage loans and other debts
related to the Housing Complexes owned by such Local Limited
Partnerships. Asset management fees of $34,232 and $58,214 were
incurred during the six months ended  September  30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
No payments were made during either of the six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

15 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 3 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, continued 

(d) 

  The Partnership
reimburses the General Partner or its affiliates for operating
expenses incurred by the Partnership and paid for by the General
Partner or its affiliates on behalf of the Partnership. Operating
expense reimbursements were $20,845 and $552,713 during the six
months ended  September  30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

(e) 

  A subordinated
disposition fee will be paid in an amount equal to 1% of the sales
price of real estate sold. Payment of this fee is subordinated to
the Limited Partners receiving a return on investment (as defined
in the Partnership Agreement) and is payable only if the General
Partner or its affiliates render services in the sales effort. No
disposition fees have been incurred for all periods
presented. 

(f) 

  WNC Holding, LLC
( Holding ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Associates,
acquires investments in Local Limited Partnerships using funds from
a secured warehouse line of credit. Such investments are warehoused
by Holding until transferred to syndicated partnerships as
investors are identified. The transfer of the warehoused
investments is typically achieved through the admittance of the
syndicated partnership as the Limited Partner of the Local Limited
Partnership and the removal of Holding as the Limited Partner.
Consideration paid to Holding for the transfer of its interest in
the Local Limited Partnership generally consists of cash
reimbursement of capital contribution installment(s) paid to the
Local Limited Partnerships by Holding, assumption of the remaining
capital contributions payable due to the Local Limited Partnership
and financing costs and interestarged by Holding. As of all periods
presented, the Partnership incurred financing costs of $772 and
interest of $267 which are included in investments in Local Limited
Partnerships. If an impairment loss related to the financing costs
and interest is recorded, the accumulated amortization is reduced
to zero at that time. As of September 30, 2016, the financing costs
and interest were fully amortized or impaired. 

(g) 

  Payables to the
General Partner or affiliates include $14,854   and $139,101 at September 30, 2016
and March 31, 2016, respectively, of advances that had been made to
the Partnership by the General Partner or an affiliate to aid the
Partnership in providing funding to two Local Limited Partnerships
which were experiencing operational issues and $247,264 at both
September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 of distributions paid to the
Limited Partners on behalf of the Partnership. 

The
accrued fees and expenses due to the General Partner and affiliates
consist of the following at: 

The
General Partner and/or its affiliates do not anticipate that these
accrued fees will be paid until such time as capital reserves are
in excess of future foreseeable working capital requirements of the
Partnership. 

16 

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

(A
California Limited Partnership) 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 4 - PAYABLES TO LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS 

Payables
to Local Limited Partnerships amounting to $245,113 at September
30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, represent amounts which are due at
various times based on conditions specified in the Local Limited
Partnership Agreements. These contributions are payable in
installments and are generally due upon the Local Limited
Partnerships achieving certain operating and development benchmarks
(generally within two years of the Partnership s initial
investment). The payables to Local Limited Partnerships are subject
to adjustment in certain circumstances. 

NOTE 5   DUE FROM AFFILIATES, NET 

The
Partnership is not obligated to fund advances to the Local Limited
Partnerships. Occasionally, when Local Limited Partnerships
encounter operational issues the Partnership may decide to advance
funds to assist the Local Limited Partnership with its operational
issues. 

As of
September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Partnership advanced
$763,336 to Davenport Housing VII, L.P., in which the Partnership
is a limited partner. All advances were reserved in full in the
year they were advanced. 

As of
March 31, 2016 the Partnership advanced $2,880,986 to Pleasant
Village in which the Partnership was a limited partner. During the
year ended March 31, 2016, total advances of $224,544 were made and
written off due to collectability and $1,529,133 of receivables and
related allowances were written off due to the disposition of
Pleasant Village. 

17 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

Forward Looking Statements 

With
the exception of the discussion regarding historical information,
this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  and other discussions
elsewhere in this Form 10-Q contain forward looking statements.
Such statements are based on current expectations subject to
uncertainties and other factors which may involve known and unknown
risks that could cause actual results of operations to differ
materially from those projected or implied. Further, certain
forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions about future
events which may not prove to be accurate. 

Risks
and uncertainties inherent in forward looking statements include,
but are not limited to, the Partnership s future cash flows
and ability to obtain sufficient financing, level of operating
expenses, conditions in the Low Income Housing Tax Credit property
market and the economy in general, as well as legal proceedings.
Historical results are not necessarily indicative of the operating
results for any future period. 

Subsequent
written and oral forward looking statements attributable to the
Partnership or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified
in their entirety by cautionary statements in this Form 10-Q and in
other reports filed with the SEC. 

The
following discussion and analysis compares the results of
operations for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, and should be read in conjunction with the condensed
financial statements and accompanying notes included within this
report. 

Financial Condition 

The
Partnership s assets at September 30, 2016 consisted of
$299,000 in cash and cash equivalents and investments in Local
Limited Partnerships of $2,393,000 (See  Method of Accounting
for Investments in Local Limited Partnership ). Liabilities
at September 30, 2016 consisted of $245,000 of payables to Local
Limited Partnerships and $2,005,000 in accrued fees and expenses
due to the General Partner and/or its affiliates. 

Results of Operations 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months
Ended September 30, 2015  The Partnership s net loss
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $226,000,
reflecting a decrease of $1,238,000 from the $1,012,000 net income
experienced for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Write
offs of advances to Local Limited Partnerships decreased by $40,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The advances made to Local Limited
Partnerships, and the probability of collection can vary each
period depending on the operations of the individual Local Limited
Partnerships. Legal and accounting fees decreased by $74,000 during
the three months ended in September 30, 2016. The decrease was
mainly due to legal expenses related to the Appellate Hearing with
the IRS regarding LIHTC s for Pleasant Village and Grove
Village incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2015.
Asset management fees decreased by $12,000 during the three months
ended September 30, 2016. The fees are calculated based on the
value of invested assets, which decreased due to the sales of Local
Limited Partnerships. Other expenses increased by $3,000 during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015, mainly due to tax and license expenses
incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The
equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships decreased by $66,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Equity in losses can
vary based on the operations of the underlying Housing Complexes of
the Local Limited Partnerships. During the three months ended
September 30, 2015, the Partnership received $1,300,000 in other
income from insurance proceeds received related to the a litigation
settlement, which was in turn used to offset against advances
payables that had been made to the Partnership by the General
Partner or an affiliate to aid the Partnership in providing funding
to two Local Limited Partnerships which were experiencing
operational issues. Reporting fees increased by $4,000 during the
three months ended September 30, 2016. Reporting fees vary
depending on when the Local Limited Partnerships  cash flows
will allow for the payment. 

18 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, continued 

Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Six Months Ended
September 30, 2015     The Partnership s net loss
for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was $992,000,
reflecting an increase of $828,000 from the $164,000 net loss
experienced for the six months ended September 30, 2015. During the
six months ended September 30, 2015, the Partnership received
$1,300,000 in other income from insurance proceeds as mentioned
above. Also, the Partnership received $103,000 from an escrow
account which was released during the six months ended September
30, 2015 compared to no such income received in the six months
ended September 30, 2016. Impairment loss decreased by $349,000 for
the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the six months
ended September 30, 2015. Impairment loss can vary from year to
year depending on the operations of the Local Limited Partnerships
and the amount of Low Income Housing Tax Credits that are allocated
each year to the Partnership. Write offs of advances to Local
Limited Partnerships decreased by $177,000 for the six months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the six months ended September 30,
2015, as discussed above. Legal and accounting fees decreased by
$176,000 during the six months ended September 30, 2016. The
decrease was due to legal expenses related to the Appellate Hearing
with the IRS regarding the LIHTC s for Pleasant Village and
Grove Village incurred during the six months ended September 30,
2015. Asset management fees decreased by $24,000 during the six
months ended September 30, 2016. The fees are calculated based on
the value of invested assets, which decreased due to the sales of
Local Limited Partnerships. Asset management expenses decreased by
$3,000 during the six months ended September 30, 2016, mainly due
to site visits performed at Local Limited Partnership from asset
managers during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Also,
amortization decreased by $1,000 during the six months ended
September 30, 2016 due to impairment of intangibles decreasing
future amortization expense. The equity in losses of Local Limited
Partnerships increased by $133,000 for the six months ended
September 30, 2016. Equity in losses can vary based on the
operations of the underlying Housing Complexes of the Local Limited
Partnerships. Other expenses increased by $25,000 mainly due to tax
and license expenses incurred during the six months ended September
30, 2016. Reporting fees increased by $4,000 during the six months
ended September 30, 2016, as discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Six Months Ended
September 30, 2015  The decrease in cash and cash equivalents
during the six months ended September 30, 2016 was $16,000 compared
to a $206,000 decrease in cash during the six months ended
September 30, 2015. During the six months ended September 30, 2015,
the Partnership advanced $177,000 to Local Limited Partnerships
compared to no advances during the six months ended September 30,
2016. The advances to troubled Local Limited Partnerships can vary
each year depending on the operations of the individual Local
Limited Partnership. During the six months ended September 30,
2016, the Partnership reimbursed the General Partner or an
affiliate $21,000 for operating expenses paid on its behalf
compared to $553,000 reimbursed during the six months ended
September 30, 2015. Also during the six months ended September 30,
2016, the Partnership reimbursed the General Partner or an
affiliate $124,000 for advances made to the Partnership, compared
to $872,000 reimbursed during the six months ended September 30,
2015. The reimbursement of operating expenses and advances are paid
after management reviews the cash position of the Partnership.
Additionally, during the six months ended September 30, 2016, the
Partnership received $3,000 in reporting fees and $0 in
distributions compared to $0 and $2,000, respectively, received
during the six months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.
Reporting fees and distributions fluctuate from year to year due to
the fact that Local Limited Partnership may pay those fees to the
Partnership when the Local Limited Partnerships' cash flows will
allow for the payment.   The Partnership paid $10,000 in
capital contributions to Local Limited Partnerships during the six
months ended September 30, 2015 compared to no contributions paid
during the six months ended September 30, 2016. The capital
contributions will vary depending on when certain benchmarks are
met by the Local Limited Partnerships. During the six months ended
September 30, 2015, the Partnership received $1,300,000 in
litigation settlement income and $103,000 from a refund of an
escrow account, as discussed above. 

During
the six months ended September 30, 2016, accrued payables, which
consist primarily of related party asset management fees and
advances due to the General Partner and affiliates, increased by
$130,000. The General Partner does not anticipate that these
accrued fees and advances will be paid until such time as capital
reserves are in excess of foreseeable working capital requirements
of the Partnership. 

19 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, continue 

The
Partnership expects its future cash flows, together with its net
available assets as of September 30, 2016, to be insufficient to
meet all currently foreseeable future cash requirements. Associates
has agreed to continue providing advances sufficient enough to fund
the operations and working capital requirements of the Partnership
through November 30, 2017. 

Recent Accounting Changes 

In
January 2014, the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting and
disclosure requirements for investments in qualified affordable
housing projects. The amendments provide guidance on accounting for
investments by a reporting entity in flow-through limited liability
entities that manage or invest in affordable housing projects that
qualify for the low-income housing tax credit. The amendments
permit reporting entities to make an accounting policy election to
account for their investments in qualified affordable housing
projects using the proportional amortization method if certain
conditions are met. Under the proportional amortization method, an
entity amortizes the initial cost of the investment in proportion
to the tax credits and other tax benefits received, and recognizes
the net investment performance in the income statement as a
component of income tax expense (benefit). The amendments are
effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December
15, 2014 and should be applied retrospectively to all periods
presented. Early adoption was permitted. The adoption of this
update did not materially affect the Partnership s financial
statement. 

In
February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,
 Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation
Analysis . This will improve certain areas of consolidation
guidance for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate
whether to consolidate certain legal entities such as limited
partnerships, limited liability corporations and securitization
structures. ASU 2015-02 simplifies and improves GAAP by:
eliminating the presumption that a general partner should
consolidate a limited partnership, eliminating the indefinite
deferral of FASB Statement No. 167, thereby reducing the number of
Variable Interest Entity (VIE) consolidation models from four to
two (including the limited partnership consolidation model) and
clarifying when fees paid to a decision maker should be a factor to
include in the consolidation of VIEs. ASU 2015-02 is effective for
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this
update did not materially affect the Partnership s financial
statement 

Other
Matter 

Davenport
started construction in October 2006 and was scheduled to be
completed in June 2008. Construction was delayed due to the
original Local General Partner defaulting on his construction
guarantee, and resulting in disputed mechanic liens on the
property. In November 2008, a co-Local General Partner, Shelter
Resource Corporation, was admitted into the Partnership, due to
restrictions implemented by the Iowa Finance Authority
( IFA ). Subsequently, with IFA s approval, the
defaulting original Local General Partner was removed from the
Partnership leaving Shelter Resource Corporation as the sole Local
General Partner. 

As of
March 31, 2010, the property was 100% completed and a certificate
of occupancy was granted for both buildings in December 2009. The
Partnership engaged all sub-contractors to sign new construction
contracts, along with lien releases for any and all work done after
their engagement. During the year ended March 31, 2011, the
Partnership voluntarily advanced $846,175 to Davenport for
construction related costs. There were no additional advances made
to Davenport due to the additional investment made, as discussed
below. 

The
project was fully completed as of March 31, 2010 and it achieved
stabilized operations by June 2010. In June 2010 the property
achieved 85% occupancy and has maintained occupancy of 80% to 100%
to the date of this filing. Davenport has been awarded state
historical tax credits from the State of Iowa, federal historical
credits and federal Low Income Housing Tax Credits. The State
historical credits are given in the form of a refund check from the
State in conjunction with the State tax return filing. The net
amount of the check after applicable federal taxes will be
contributed back to the property to help fund construction
shortfalls. Davenport was also allocated additional federal Low
Income Housing Tax Credits as well as federal historical tax
credits. Upon the Limited Partners  approval of the
dispositions of Sierra Run s and Fernwood, the Partnership
made the additional investment in Davenport. See the exit strategy
in Note 1 regarding the dispositions of Sierra s Run and
Fernwood. On July 1, 2010, the Partnership committed additional
capital to Davenport in the amount of $2,490,651. This additional
commitment generated $408,710 of federal historic credits and
$3,582,550 of additional federal Low Income Housing Tax Credits
which were allocated to the partners of the
Partnership. 

As of
September 30, 2016, the property is on the watch list due to a low
year-to-date DCR, low physical and economic occupancy, and low
replacement reserves. Operating expenses were reduced to $4,846 per
unit during the same period and breakeven would be achieved at 96%
occupancy. This is a small, 20 unit property and three vacant units
have a material impact on rental revenue. Turnover has not
historically been an issue at this senior property and move-outs
are typically due to declining health of the resident. Rent
concessions are not required to lease the vacant units. The Local
General Partner s operating deficit guarantee expired in
2013. The operating cash account, and increases in the accounts
payable account have addressed the operating deficit. Due to
negative cash flow for the year, the replacement reserve was not
fully funded as required. WNC is in discussions to possibly replace
the Local General Partner of Davenport Housing VII,
L.P. 

20 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risks 

NOT
APPLICABLE 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

(a)             

Disclosure controls and procedures 

As of
the end of the period covered by this report, the
Partnership s General Partner, under the supervision and with
the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of Associates, carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the Partnership s  disclosure controls
and procedures  as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that,
as of the end of the period covered by this report, the
Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective to ensure that material information required to be
disclosed in the Partnership s periodic report filings with
SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
period specified by the SEC s rules and forms, consistent
with the definition of  disclosure controls and
procedures  under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. 

The
Partnership must rely on the Local Limited Partnerships to provide
the Partnership with certain information necessary to the timely
filing of the Partnership s periodic reports. Factors in the
accounting at the Local Limited Partnerships have caused delays in
the provision of such information during past reporting periods,
and resulted in the Partnership s inability to file its
periodic reports in a timely manner. 

Once
the Partnership has received the necessary information from the
Local Limited Partnerships, the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer of Associates believe that the material
information required to be disclosed in the Partnership s
periodic report filings with SEC is effectively recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, albeit not in a timely manner.
Going forward, the Partnership will use the means reasonably within
its power to impose procedures designed to obtain from the Local
Limited Partnerships the information necessary to the timely filing
of the Partnership s periodic reports. 

(b)             

Changes in internal controls 

There
were no changes in the Partnership s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal
control over financial reporting. 

21 

Part II. 

Other Information 

Item 1. 

Legal Proceedings 

NONE 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

No
material changes in risk factors as previously disclosed in the
Partnership s Form 10-K. 

Item 2. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds 

NONE 

Item 3. 

Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

NONE 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

NOT
APPLICABLE 

Item 5. 

Other Information 

NONE 

Item 6. 

Exhibits 

31.1  

  Certification of
the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14,
as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. (filed herewith) 

31.2  

  Certification of
the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14,
as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. (filed herewith) 

32.1  

  Section 1350
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. (filed
herewith) 

32.2  

  Section 1350
Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. (filed
herewith) 

101  

  Interactive data
files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Condensed
Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, (ii) the
Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and six months
ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016, (iii) the
Condensed Statement of Partners  Equity (Deficit) for the six
months ended September 30, 2016, (iv) the Condensed Statements of
Cash Flows for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015 and (v) the Notes to Condensed Financial
Statements. 

Exhibits 32.1,
32.2 and 101 shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or
otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibits
shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of
1934. 

22 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WNC
HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND VI, L.P., SERIES 13 

By: WNC National
Partners,
LLC                  
General Partner 

By:
 /s/ Wilfred N. Cooper,
Jr.  

Wilfred
N. Cooper, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer of WNC   Associates,
Inc . 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

By:
 /s/ Melanie R.
Wenk  

Melanie
R. Wenk 

Senior
Vice President - Chief Financial Officer of WNC   Associates,
Inc. 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wnc_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr., certify that: 

1. 

  I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund
VI, L.P., Series 13; 

2. 

  Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 

  Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

  The registrant's
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

  Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

  Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

  Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) 

  Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

  The registrant's
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a) 

  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) 

  Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

/s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr. 

Wilfred
N. Cooper, Jr. 

President
and Chief Executive Officer of WNC   Associates,
Inc 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 wnc_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Melanie R. Wenk, certify that: 

1. 

  I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund
VI, L.P., Series 13; 

2. 

  Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 

  Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

  The registrant's
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

  Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

  Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

  Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) 

  Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

  The registrant's
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a) 

  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) 

  Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

/s/ Melanie R. Wenk 

Melanie
R. Wenk 

Senior
Vice President - Chief Financial Officer of WNC   Associates,
Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 wnc_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 32-1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of WNC Housing
Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 13 (the  Partnership )
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), and pursuant to 18 U.S.C.,  section  1350, as adopted pursuant to
 section  906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr., President
and Chief Executive Officer of WNC   Associates, Inc., general
partner of the Partnership s general partner, hereby certify
that: 

1. 

  The Report fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

  The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and result of operations of the
Partnership. 

/s/WILFRED N. COOPER, JR. 

Wilfred
N. Cooper, Jr. 

President
and Chief Executive Officer of WNC   Associates,
Inc. 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 wnc_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 32-2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of WNC Housing
Tax Credit Fund VI, L.P., Series 13 (the  Partnership )
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), and pursuant to 18 U.S.C., section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
I, Melanie R. Wenk, Senior Vice President - Chief Financial Officer
of WNC   Associates, Inc., general partner of the
Partnership s general partner, hereby certify
that: 

1. 

  The Report fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

  The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and result of operations of the
Partnership. 

/s/MELANIE R. WENK 

Melanie
R. Wenk 

Senior
Vice President - Chief Financial Officer of WNC   Associates,
Inc. 

Date:
November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wncvi13-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wncvi13-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wncvi13-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wncvi13-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wncvi13-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wncvi13-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

