<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161116_10-K_edgar_data_868857_0001047469-16-016739_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27899390</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>426846</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>906054</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7554700</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>12557095</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5572120</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>108</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001047469-16-016739.hdr.sgml : 20161116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115215456
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-16-016739
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AECOM
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000868857
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ENGINEERING SERVICES [8711]
		IRS NUMBER:				611088522
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52423
		FILM NUMBER:		162001248

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 AVENUE OF THE STARS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2600
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2135938501

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 AVENUE OF THE STARS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2600
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AECOM TECHNOLOGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19901017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001047469-16-016739.txt : 20161116

10-K
 1
 a2230294z10-k.htm
 10-K

Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

Table of Contents    

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION       WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549     

   FORM 10-K     

Commission file number 0-52423     

   AECOM      (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware    
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization)  
     
    61-1088522    
(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.)  

1999 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 2600 
Los Angeles, California 90067    
(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)   

   (213) 593-8000    
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)   

  Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   

Title of Each Class    
     
   Name of Exchange on Which Registered    

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share  
     
  New York Stock Exchange  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:    None   

           Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.     Yes        No   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.     Yes        No   

           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.     Yes        No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes        No   

           Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.       

           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):   

Large accelerated filer      
     
  Accelerated filer      
     
  Non-accelerated filer        (Do not check if a 
smaller reporting company)  
     
  Smaller reporting company      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).     Yes        No   

           The aggregate market value of registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates on April 1, 2016 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently
completed second fiscal quarter), based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant's common stock on such date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange was approximately
$3.8 billion.   

           Number
of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of November 2, 2016: 153,947,620   

   DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE     

Part III incorporates information by reference from the registrant's definitive proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed
within 120 days of the registrant's fiscal 2016 year end.   

Table of Contents    

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Page    

ITEM 1.   
     
       BUSINESS   

2   

ITEM 1A.   
     
       RISK FACTORS   

14   

ITEM 1B.   
     
       UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

31   

ITEM 2.   
     
       PROPERTIES   

31   

ITEM 3.   
     
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

31   

ITEM 4.   
     
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE   

32   

ITEM 5.   
     
       MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

32   

ITEM 6.   
     
       SELECTED FINANCIAL EQUITY DATA   

35   

ITEM 7.   
     
       MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

37   

ITEM 7A.   
     
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

68   

ITEM 8.   
     
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

70   

ITEM 9.   
     
       CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   

135   

ITEM 9A.   
     
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

135   

ITEM 9B.   
     
       OTHER INFORMATION   

136   

ITEM 10.   
     
       DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   

136   

ITEM 11.   
     
       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   

136   

ITEM 12.   
     
       SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   

136   

ITEM 13.   
     
       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   

136   

ITEM 14.   
     
       PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   

136   

ITEM 15.   
     
       EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   

137   

1  

Table of Contents    

PART I            

ITEM 1.    BUSINESS            

             In this report, we use the terms "the Company," "we," "us" and "our" to refer to AECOM and its consolidated
subsidiaries. Unless otherwise noted, references to years are for fiscal years. Our fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the Friday closest to September 30. For clarity of
presentation, we present all periods as if the year ended on September 30. We refer to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 as "fiscal 2015" and the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2016 as "fiscal 2016."   

Overview     

          We are a leading fully integrated firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets for governments, businesses and
organizations in more than 150 countries. We provide planning, consulting, architectural and engineering design services to commercial and government clients worldwide in major end markets such as
transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, water and government markets. We also provide construction services, including building construction and energy, infrastructure and industrial
construction. In addition, we provide program and facilities management and maintenance, training, logistics, consulting, technical assistance, and systems integration and information technology
services, primarily for agencies of the U.S. government and also for national governments around the world. According to    Engineering News-Record   's
(ENR's) 2016 Design Survey, we are the largest general architectural and engineering design firm in the world, ranked by 2015 design revenue. In addition, we are ranked by ENR as the leading firm in a
number of design end markets, including transportation and general building.   

          We
were formed in 1980 as Ashland Technology Company, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ashland, Inc., an oil and gas refining and distribution company.
Since becoming independent of Ashland Inc., we have grown by a combination of organic growth and strategic mergers and acquisitions from approximately 3,300 employees and $387 million in
revenue in fiscal 1991, the first full fiscal year of independent operations, to approximately 87,000 employees at September 30, 2016 and $17.4 billion in revenue for fiscal 2016. We
completed the initial public offering of our common stock in May 2007 and these shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange.   

As
mentioned above, we have grown in part by strategic mergers and acquisitions. These acquisitions have included URS Corporation, a leading provider of engineering, construction, and
technical services for public agencies and private sector companies around the world, in October 2014. URS provides services for federal, oil and gas, infrastructure, power, and industrial projects
and programs. Other acquisitions included Hunt Construction Group, a leading commercial construction firm, in July 2014.   

          We
also have formed AECOM Capital, an investment fund to invest in public-private partnership (P3) and private-sector real estate projects for which we can provide a fully integrated
solution that includes equity capital, design, engineering, construction services and operations and maintenance. In addition, we leverage our practical knowledge of P3s and other forms of alternative
delivery to enable clients to fund their projects without direct investment by AECOM.   

          Our
business strategy focuses on leveraging our competitive strengths, leadership positions in our core markets, and client relationships across all major geographies. We have created an
integrated delivery platform with superior capabilities to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the world. By integrating and providing a broad range of services, we deliver
maximum value to our clients at competitive costs. Also, by coordinating and consolidating our knowledge base, we believe we have the ability to export our leading edge technical skills to any region
in the world in which our clients may need them.   

  2  

Table of Contents   

Our Business Segments     

          In fiscal 2014, we operated our business under two primary business segments: Professional Technical Services and Management Support Services
which included the following services:   

Professional Technical Services.     Planning, consulting, architectural and
engineering design, and program and construction management services to commercial and government clients worldwide in major end markets such as transportation, facilities, environmental, energy,
water and government.     
             Management Support Services.     Program and facilities management and
maintenance, training, logistics, consulting, technical assistance and systems integration services, primarily for agencies of the U.S. government.    

After
the acquisition of URS Corporation in our first quarter of fiscal 2015, we realigned our business into three primary business segments to reflect the operations of the combined
company, which included expanded ability to deliver fully integrated project execution. The realigned business segments are organized by the types of services provided, the differing specialized needs
of the respective clients, and how we manage our business. We have aggregated various operating segments into reportable business segments based on their similar characteristics, including similar
long-term financial performance, the nature of services provided, internal processes for delivering those services, and types of customers. The three realigned business segments are: Design and
Consulting Services (DCS), Construction Services (CS), and Management Services (MS), which include the following services:   

Design and Consulting Services (DCS):     Planning, consulting, architectural
and engineering design services to commercial and government clients worldwide in major end markets such as transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, water and government.     
             Construction Services (CS):     Construction services, including building
construction and energy, infrastructure and industrial construction, primarily in the Americas.     
             Management Services (MS):     Program and facilities management and
maintenance, training, logistics, consulting, technical assistance, and systems integration and information technology services, primarily for agencies of the U.S. government and other national
governments around the world.    

Our Design and Consulting Services Segment      

Our DCS segment comprises a broad array of services, generally provided on a fee-for-service basis. These services include planning, consulting,
architectural and engineering design, program management and construction management for industrial, commercial, institutional and government clients worldwide. For each of these services, our
technical expertise includes civil, structural, process, mechanical, geotechnical systems and electrical engineering, architectural, landscape and interior design, urban and regional planning, project
economics, cost consulting and environmental, health and safety work.   

          With
our technical and management expertise, we are able to provide our clients a broad spectrum of services. For example, within our environmental management service offerings, we
provide remediation, regulatory compliance planning and management, environmental modeling, environmental impact assessment and environmental permitting for major capital/infrastructure projects.   

          Our
services may be sequenced over multiple phases. For example, in the area of program management and construction management services, our work for a client may begin with a small
consulting or planning contract, and may later develop into an overall management role for the project or a series of projects, which we refer to as a program. Program and construction management
contracts typically employ a staff of 10 to more than 100 and, in many cases, operate as an outsourcing arrangement with our staff located at the project site.   

  3  

Table of Contents   

          We
provide the services in our DCS segment both directly and through joint ventures or similar partner arrangements to the following end markets or business sectors:   

Transportation.     

Transit and Rail.     Light rail, heavy rail (including high-speed, commuter
and freight) and multimodal transit projects.     
             Marine, Ports and Harbors.     Wharf facilities and container port facilities
for private and public port operators.     
             Highways, Bridges and Tunnels.     Interstate, primary and secondary urban and
rural highway systems and bridge projects.     
             Aviation.     Landside terminal and airside facilities, runways and taxiways.    

Facilities.     

Government.     Emergency response services for the U.S. Department of Homeland
Security, including the Federal Emergency Management Agency and engineering and program management services for agencies of the Department of Defense and Department of Energy.     
             Industrial.     Industrial facilities for a variety of niche end markets such
as manufacturing, distribution, aviation, aerospace, communications, media, pharmaceuticals, renewable energy, chemical, and food and beverage facilities.     
             Urban Master Planning/Design.     Strategic planning and master planning
services for new cities and major mixed use developments in India, China, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, North Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States.     
             Commercial and Leisure Facilities.     Corporate headquarters, high-rise office
towers, historic buildings, hotels, leisure, sports and entertainment facilities and corporate campuses.     
             Educational.     College and university campuses.     
             Health Care.     Private and public health facilities.     
             Correctional.     Detention and correction facilities throughout the world.    

Environmental.     

Water and Wastewater.     Treatment facilities as well as supply, distribution
and collection systems, stormwater management, desalinization, and other water re-use technologies for metropolitan governments.     
             Environmental Management.     Remediation, waste handling, testing and
monitoring of environmental conditions and environmental construction management for private sector clients.     
             Water Resources.     Regional-scale floodplain mapping and analysis for public
agencies, along with the analysis and development of protected groundwater resources for companies in the bottled water industry.    

Energy/Power.     

Demand Side Management.     Public K-12 schools and universities, health care
facilities, and courthouses and other public buildings, as well as energy conservation systems for utilities.     
             Transmission and Distribution.     Power stations and electric transmissions
and distribution and co-generation systems.    
 
  4  

Table of Contents   

Alternative/Renewable Energy.     Production facilities such as ethanol plants,
wind farms and micro hydropower and geothermal subsections of regional power grids.     
             Hydropower/Dams.     Hydroelectric power stations, dams, spillways, and flood
control systems.     
             Solar.     Solar photovoltaic projects and environmental permitting services.    

Our Construction Services Segment      

Through our CS segment, we provide construction, program and construction management services, including building construction and energy,
infrastructure and industrial construction, primarily in the Americas.   

          We
provide the services in our CS segment both directly and through joint ventures or similar partner arrangements, to the following end markets and business sectors:   

            Building.       We provide construction, program and construction management services for large scale building and facility construction
projects around
the world including:  

Sports arenas;   
            Modern office towers;   
            Hotel and gaming facilities;   
            Meeting and exhibition spaces;   
            Performance venues;   
            Education facilities;   
            Mass transit terminals; and   
            Data centers.    

Energy.       We plan, design, engineer, construct, retrofit and maintain a wide range of power-generating facilities, as well as the systems
that transmit
and distribute electricity. We provide these services to utilities, industrial co-generators, independent power producers, original equipment manufacturers and government utilities
including:  

Fossil fuel power generating facilities;   
            Nuclear power generating facilities and decommissioning;   
            Hydroelectric power generating facilities;   
            Alternative and renewable energy sources, including biomass, geothermal, solar energy and wind systems;    
            Transmission and distribution systems; and   
            Emissions control systems.    

We
also provide a wide range of planning, design, engineering, construction, production, and operations and maintenance services across the oil and gas upstream, midstream and downstream
supply chain. For downstream refining and processing operations, we design and construct gas treatment and processing, refining and petrochemical facilities, and provide asset management and
maintenance services for oil sands production facilities, oil refineries and related chemical, energy, power and processing plants. For oil and gas exploration and production, we provide
transportation, engineering, construction,   

  5  

Table of Contents   

  fabrication
and installation, commissioning and maintenance services for drilling and well site facilities, equipment and process modules, site infrastructure and off-site support facilities
including:  

Construction of access roads and well pads, and field production facilities;   
            Pipeline planning, design, construction, installation, maintenance and repair;   
            Oil field services; and   
            Equipment and process module fabrication, installation and maintenance.    

Infrastructure and Industrial.       We provide construction, program and construction management services
for large scale infrastructure projects around the world. We also provide a wide range of engineering, procurement and construction services for industrial and process facilities and the expansion,
modification and upgrade of existing facilities. We provide these services to local, state, federal and national governments as well as corporations
including:  

Highways, airports, rail and other transit projects;   
            Maritime and terminal facilities;   
            Dams, water and waste water projects;   
            Biotechnology and pharmaceutical research laboratories, pilot plants and production facilities;   
            Petrochemical, specialty chemical and polymer facilities;   
            Consumer products and food and beverage production facilities;   
            Automotive and other manufacturing facilities; and   
            Mines and mining facilities.    

Our Management Services Segment      

Through our MS segment, we are a major contractor to the U.S. federal government and we serve a wide variety of government departments and
agencies, including the Department of Defense (DOD), the Department of Energy (DOE) and other U.S. federal agencies. We also serve departments and agencies of other national governments, such as the
U.K. Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA) and the U.K. Ministry of Defense. Our services range from program and facilities management, training, logistics, consulting, systems engineering and
technical assistance, and systems integration and information technology.   

          We
provide a wide array of services in our MS segment, both directly and through joint ventures or similar partner arrangements, including:  

Operation and maintenance of complex government installations, including military bases and test ranges;    
            Network and communications engineering, software engineering, IT infrastructure design and implementation, cyber defense and cloud computing
technologies;   
            Deactivation, decommissioning and disposal of nuclear weapons stockpiles and other nuclear waste;   
            Management and operations and maintenance services for complex DOE and NDA programs and facilities;   
            Testing and development of new components and platforms, as well as engineering and technical support for the modernization of aging weapon
systems;    
 
  6  

Table of Contents   

Logistics support for government supply and distribution networks, including warehousing, packaging, delivery and traffic management;    
            Acquisition support for new weapons platforms;   
            Maintenance planning to extend the service life of weapons systems and other military equipment;   
            Maintenance, modification and overhaul of military aircraft and ground vehicles;   
            Safety analyses for high-hazard facilities and licensing for DOE sites;   
            Threat assessments of public facilities and the development of force protection and security systems;    
            Planning and conducting emergency preparedness exercises;   
            First responder training for the military and other government agencies;   
            Management and operations and maintenance of chemical agent and chemical weapon disposal facilities;    
            Installation of monitoring technology to detect the movement of nuclear and radiological materials across national borders;    
            Planning, design and construction of aircraft hangars, barracks, military hospitals and other government buildings; and    
            Environmental remediation and restoration for the redevelopment of military bases and other government installations.    

Financial Information by Segment      

The following table sets forth the revenue attributable to our business segments for the periods indicated:   

7  

Table of Contents    

Our Clients     

          Our clients consist primarily of national, state, regional and local governments, public and private institutions and major corporations. The
following table sets forth our total revenue attributable to these categories of clients for each of the periods indicated:   

Other
than the U.S. federal government, no single client accounted for 10% or more of our revenue in any of the past five fiscal years. Approximately 23%, 24% and 15% of our revenue was
derived through direct contracts with agencies of the U.S. federal government in the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. One of these contracts accounted for
approximately 3%, 2% and 3% of our revenue in the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The work attributed to the U.S. federal government includes our work for the
Department of Defense, Department of Energy, Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security.   

Contracts     

          The price provisions of the contracts we undertake can be grouped into several broad categories: cost-reimbursable contracts, guaranteed maximum
price contracts, and fixed-price contracts.   

Cost-Reimbursable Contracts      

Cost-reimbursable contracts consist of two similar contract types: (1) cost-plus contracts and (2) time and material price
contracts.   

            Cost-Plus Contracts.       We enter into two major types of cost-plus contracts:   

            Cost-Plus Fixed Fee.       Under cost-plus fixed fee contracts, we charge clients for our costs, including both direct and indirect costs,
plus a fixed
negotiated fee. The total estimated cost plus the fixed negotiated fee represents the total contract value. We recognize revenue based on the actual labor and other direct costs incurred, plus the
portion of the fixed fee earned to date.   

            Cost-Plus Fixed Rate.       Under cost-plus fixed rate contracts, we charge clients for our direct and indirect costs based upon a negotiated
rate. We
recognize revenue based on the actual total costs expended and the applicable fixed rate.   

          Some
cost-plus contracts provide for award fees or a penalty based on performance criteria in lieu of a fixed fee or fixed rate. Other contracts include a base fee component plus a
performance-based award fee. In addition, we may share award fees with subcontractors. We record accruals for fee-sharing as fees are earned. We generally recognize revenue to the extent of costs
actually incurred plus a proportionate   

  8  

Table of Contents   

  amount
of the fee expected to be earned. We take the award fee or penalty on contracts into consideration when estimating revenue and profit rates, and record revenue related to the award fees when
there is sufficient information to assess anticipated contract performance. On contracts that represent higher than normal risk or technical difficulty, we may defer all award fees until an award fee
letter is received. Once an award fee letter is received, the estimated or accrued fees are adjusted to the actual award amount.   

          Some
cost-plus contracts provide for incentive fees based on performance against contractual milestones. The amount of the incentive fees varies, depending on whether we achieve above,
at, or below target results. We originally recognize revenue on these contracts based upon expected results. These estimates are revised when necessary based upon additional information that becomes
available as the contract progresses.   

           Time and Material Price Contracts.       Time and material contracts are common for smaller scale engineering and consulting services. Under
these types of
contracts, we negotiate hourly billing rates and charge our clients based upon actual hours expended on a project. Unlike cost-plus contracts, however, there is no predetermined fee. In addition, any
direct project expenditures are passed through to the client and are reimbursed. These contracts may also have a fixed-price element in the form of not-to-exceed or guaranteed maximum price
provisions.   

Guaranteed Maximum Price Contracts      

Guaranteed maximum price contracts (GMP) are common for design-build and commercial and residential projects. GMP contracts share many of the
same contract provisions as cost-plus and fixed-price contracts. A contractor performing work pursuant to a cost-plus, GMP or
fixed-price contract will all enter into trade contracts directly. Both cost-plus and GMP contracts generally include an agreed lump sum or percentage fee which is called out and separately identified
and the contracts are considered 'open' book providing the owner with full disclosure of the project costs. A fixed-price contract provides the owner with a single lump sum amount without specifically
identifying the breakdown of fee or costs and is typically 'closed' book thereby providing the owner with little detail as to the project costs. In a GMP contract, unlike the cost-plus contract, we
provide the owner with a guaranteed price for the overall construction (adjusted for change orders issued by the owner) and with a schedule which includes a completion date for the project. In
addition, cost overruns in a GMP contract would generally be our responsibility and in the event our actions or inactions result in delays to the project, we may be responsible to the owner for costs
associated with such delay. For many of our commercial and residential GMP contracts, the final price is generally not established until we have awarded a substantial percentage of the trade contracts
and we have negotiated additional contractual limitations, such as mutual waivers of consequential damages as well as aggregate caps on liabilities and liquidated damages.   

Fixed-Price Contracts      

There are typically two types of fixed-price contracts. Lump sum contracts involve performing all of the work under the contract for a specified
lump sum fee and are typically subject to price adjustments if the scope of the project changes or unforeseen conditions arise. In such cases, we will submit formal requests for adjustment of the lump
sum via formal change orders or contract amendments. The second type, fixed-unit price, involves performing an estimated number of units of work at an agreed price per unit, with the total payment
under the contract determined by the actual number of units delivered.   

          Our
fixed-price contracts are typically negotiated and arise in the design or construction of a project with a specified scope rather than hard bid where the client primarily selects the
lowest qualified bidder. Fixed-price contracts often arise in the areas of construction management and design-build services. Construction management services are typically in the form of general
administrative oversight (in which we do not assume responsibility for construction means and methods). Under our design-build projects, we are typically responsible for the design or construction of
a project with the fixed contract price negotiated   

  9  

Table of Contents   

  after
we have had the opportunity to secure specific bids from various subcontractors including a contingency fee.   

We
may attempt to mitigate the risks of fixed-price design-build contracts by contracting to complete the projects based on our design as opposed to a third party's design, by not
guaranteeing new or untested processes or technologies and by working only with experienced subcontractors with sufficient bonding capacity.   

          Some
of our fixed-price contracts require us to provide surety bonds or parent company guarantees to assure our clients that their project will be completed in accordance with the terms
of the contracts as further disclosed in Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies. In such cases, we may require our primary subcontractors to provide similar performance bonds and
guarantees and to be adequately insured, and we may flow down the terms and conditions set forth in our agreement on to our subcontractors. There may be risks associated with completing these projects
profitably if we are not able to perform our services within the fixed-price contract terms.   

          At
September 30, 2016, our contracted backlog was comprised of 44%, 33%, and 23% cost-reimbursable, guaranteed maximum price, and fixed-price contracts, respectively.   

Joint Ventures      

Some of our larger contracts may operate under joint ventures or other arrangements under which we team with other reputable companies,
typically companies with which we have worked for many years. This is often done where the scale of the project dictates such an arrangement or when we want to strengthen either our market position or
our technical skills.   

Backlog     

          Backlog represents revenue we expect to realize for work completed by our consolidated subsidiaries and our proportionate share of work to be
performed by unconsolidated joint ventures. Backlog is expressed in terms of gross revenue and therefore may include significant estimated amounts of third party or pass-through costs to
subcontractors and other parties. Backlog for our consolidated subsidiaries is comprised of contracted backlog and awarded backlog. Our contracted backlog includes revenue we expect to record in the
future from signed contracts, and in the case of a public client, where the project has been funded. Our awarded backlog includes revenue we expect to record in the future where we have been awarded
the work, but the contractual agreement has not yet been signed. The net results of our unconsolidated joint ventures are recognized as equity earnings, and awarded and contracted backlog representing
our proportionate share of work to be performed by unconsolidated joint ventures is not presented as revenue in our Consolidated Statements of
Operations. For non-government contracts, our backlog includes future revenue at contract rates, excluding contract renewals or extensions that are at the discretion of the client. For contracts with
a not-to-exceed maximum amount, we include revenue from such contracts in backlog to the extent of the remaining estimated amount. We calculate backlog without regard to possible project reductions or
expansions or potential cancellations until such changes or cancellations occur. No assurance can be given that we will ultimately realize our full backlog. Backlog fluctuates due to the timing of
when contracts are awarded and contracted and when contract revenue is recognized. Many of our contracts require us to provide services over more than one year. Our backlog for the year ended
September 30, 2016 decreased $0.3 billion, or 0.7%, to $42.8 billion as compared to $43.1 billion for the corresponding period last year, primarily due to the decrease in
our MS segment.   

  10  

Table of Contents   

          The
following summarizes contracted and awarded backlog (in billions):   

Competition     

          The markets we serve are highly fragmented and we compete with a large number of regional, national and international companies. We have
numerous competitors, ranging from small private firms to multi-billion dollar companies, some of which have greater financial resources or that are more specialized and concentrate their resources in
particular areas of expertise. The extent of our competition varies according to the particular markets and geographic area. The degree and type of competition we face is also influenced by the type
and scope of a particular project. The technical and professional aspects of our services generally do not require large upfront capital expenditures and, therefore, provide limited barriers against
new competitors.   

          We
believe that we are well positioned to compete in our markets because of our reputation, our cost effectiveness, our long-term client relationships, our extensive network of offices,
our employee expertise, and our broad range of services. In addition, as a result of our extensive national and international network, we are able to offer our clients localized knowledge and
expertise, as well as the support of our worldwide professional staff.   

Seasonality     

          We experience seasonal trends in our business. Our revenue is typically higher in the last half of the fiscal year. The fourth quarter of our
fiscal year (July 1 to September 30) is typically our strongest quarter. We find that the U.S. federal government tends to authorize more work during the period preceding the end of our
fiscal year, September 30. In addition, many U.S. state governments with fiscal years ending on June 30 tend to accelerate spending during their first quarter, when new funding becomes
available. Further, our construction management revenue typically increases during the high construction season of   

  11  

Table of Contents   

  the
summer months. Within the United States, as well as other parts of the world, our business generally benefits from milder weather conditions in our fiscal fourth quarter, which allows for more
productivity from our on-site civil services. Our construction and project management services also typically expand during the high construction season of the summer months. The first quarter of our
fiscal year (October 1 to December 31) is typically our weakest quarter. The harsher weather conditions impact our ability to complete work in parts of North America and the holiday
season schedule affects our productivity during this period. For these reasons, coupled with the number and significance of client contracts commenced and completed during a particular period, as well
as the timing of expenses incurred for corporate initiatives, it is not unusual for us to experience seasonal changes or fluctuations in our quarterly operating results.   

Risk Management and Insurance     

          Risk management is an integral part of our project management approach and our project execution process. We have an Office of Risk Management
that reviews and oversees the risk profile of our operations. Also, pursuant to our internal delegations of authority, we have an internal process whereby a group of senior members of our risk
management team evaluate risk
through internal risk analyses of higher-risk projects, contracts or other business decisions. We maintain insurance covering professional liability and claims involving bodily injury and property
damage. Wherever possible, we endeavor to eliminate or reduce the risk of loss on a project through the use of quality assurance/control, risk management, workplace safety and similar methods.   

Regulations     

          Our business is impacted by environmental, health and safety, government procurement, anti-bribery and other government regulations and
requirements. Below is a summary of some of the significant regulations that impact our business.   

            Environmental, Health and Safety.       Our business involves the planning, design, program management, construction and construction
management, and
operations and maintenance at various project sites, including but not limited to pollution control systems, nuclear facilities, hazardous waste and Superfund sites, contract mining sites, hydrocarbon
production, distribution and transport sites, military bases and other infrastructure-related facilities. We also regularly perform work, including oil field and pipeline construction services in and
around sensitive environmental areas, such as rivers, lakes and wetlands. In addition, we have contracts with U.S. federal government entities to destroy hazardous materials, including chemical agents
and weapons stockpiles, as well as to decontaminate and decommission nuclear facilities. These activities may require us to manage, handle, remove, treat, transport and dispose of toxic or hazardous
substances.   

          Significant
fines, penalties and other sanctions may be imposed for non-compliance with environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, and some laws provide for joint and
several strict liabilities for remediation of releases of hazardous substances, rendering a person liable for environmental damage, without regard to negligence or fault on the part of such person.
These laws and regulations may expose us to liability arising out of the conduct of operations or conditions caused by others, or for our acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the
time these acts were performed. For example, there are a number of governmental laws that strictly regulate the handling, removal, treatment, transportation and disposal of toxic and hazardous
substances, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, and comparable national and state laws, that impose strict, joint and several liabilities for the
entire cost of cleanup, without regard to whether a company knew of or caused the release of hazardous substances. In addition, some environmental regulations can impose liability for the entire
clean-up upon owners, operators, generators, transporters and other persons arranging for the treatment or disposal of such hazardous substances costs related to contaminated facilities or project
sites. Other federal environmental, health and safety laws   

  12  

Table of Contents   

  affecting
us include, but are not limited to, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Air Mercury Rule, the Occupational Safety
and Health Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act, as well as other comparable national and state laws. Liabilities related to environmental
contamination or human exposure to hazardous substances, comparable national and state laws or a failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in substantial costs to us, including
cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, or cessation of remediation activities.   

          Some
of our business operations are covered by Public Law 85-804, which provides for indemnification by the U.S federal government against claims and damages arising out of
unusually hazardous or nuclear activities performed at the request of the U.S. federal government. Should public policies and laws change, however, U.S. federal government indemnification may not be
available in the case of any future claims or liabilities relating to hazardous activities that we undertake to perform.   

            Government Procurement.       The services we provide to the U.S. federal government are subject to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), the
Truth in
Negotiations Act, Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), the Services Contract Act, export controls rules and DOD security regulations, as well as many other laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
affect how we transact business with our clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. A violation of specific laws and regulations could lead to fines, contract
termination or suspension of future contracts. Our government clients can also terminate, renegotiate, or modify any of their contracts with us at their convenience; and many of our government
contracts are subject to renewal or extension annually.   

            Anti-Bribery and other regulations.       We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws, which
generally prohibit
companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 prohibits both
domestic and international bribery, as well as bribery across both private and public sectors. In addition, an organization that "fails to prevent bribery" committed by anyone associated with the
organization can be charged under the U.K. Bribery Act unless the organization can establish the defense of having implemented "adequate procedures" to prevent bribery. To the extent we export
technical services, data and products outside of the U.S., we are subject to U.S. and international laws and regulations governing international trade and exports, including but not limited to the
International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations and trade sanctions against embargoed countries. We provide services to the DOD and other defense-related entities that
often require specialized professional qualifications and security clearances. In addition, as engineering design services professionals, we are subject to a variety of local, state, federal and
foreign licensing and permit requirements and ethics rules.   

Personnel     

          Our principal asset is our employees and large percentages of our employees have technical and professional backgrounds and undergraduate and/or
advanced degrees. At the end of our fiscal 2016, we employed approximately 87,000 persons, of whom approximately 46,000 were employed in the United States. Over 10,000 of our domestic employees are
covered by collective bargaining agreements or by specific labor agreements, which expire upon completion of the relevant project.   

Geographic Information     

          For financial geographic information, please refer to Note 19 to the notes to our consolidated financial statements found elsewhere in
this Form 10-K.   

  13  

Table of Contents   

Raw Materials     

          We purchase most of the raw materials and components necessary to operate our business from numerous sources. However, the price and
availability of raw materials and components may vary from year to year due to customer demand, production capacity, market conditions and material shortages. While we do not currently foresee the
lack of availability of any particular raw materials in the near term, prolonged unavailability of raw materials necessary to our projects and services or significant price increases for those raw
materials could have a material adverse effect on our business in the near term.   

Government Contracts     

          Generally, our government contracts are subject to renegotiation or termination of contracts or subcontracts at the discretion of the U.S.
federal, state or local governments, and national governments of other countries.   

Trade Secrets and Other Intellectual Property     

          We rely principally on trade secrets, confidentiality policies and other contractual arrangements to protect much of our intellectual property.   

Available Information     

          The reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy materials, including any amendments, are available free of charge on our website at     www.aecom.com   . You may read and copy any materials filed
with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information about the public reference room. The SEC also maintains a web site (   www.sec.gov   )
containing reports, proxy, and other information that we file with the SEC. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Ethics are available on our website at     www.aecom.com    under the "Investors"
section. Copies of the information identified above may be obtained without charge from us by writing to AECOM, 1999
Avenue of the Stars, Suite 2600, Los Angeles, California 90067, Attention: Corporate Secretary.    

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS            

             We operate in a changing environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could
materially adversely affect our operations. The risks described below highlight some of the factors that have affected, and in the future could affect our operations. Additional risks we do not yet
know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also affect our business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occurs, our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.   

Demand for our services is cyclical and may be vulnerable to sudden economic downturns and reductions in
government and private industry spending. If economic conditions remain weak and decline further, our revenue and profitability could be adversely affected.      

          Demand for our services is cyclical and may be vulnerable to sudden economic downturns and reductions in government and private industry
spending that result in clients delaying, curtailing or canceling proposed and existing projects. For example, commodity price volatility has negatively impacted our oil and gas business and business
regions whose economies are substantially dependent on commodities prices such as the Middle East and has also impacted North American oil and gas clients' investment decisions. Economic conditions in
a number of countries and regions, including Canada, the United Kingdom, China and the Middle East, remain weak and may remain difficult for the foreseeable future. If global economic and financial
market conditions continue to remain weak or decline further,   

  14  

Table of Contents   

  some
of our clients may face considerable budget shortfalls that may limit their overall demand for our services. In addition, our clients may find it more difficult to raise capital in the future to
fund their projects due to uncertainty in the municipal and general credit markets.   

          Where
economies are weakening, our clients may demand more favorable pricing or other terms while their ability to pay our invoices or to pay them in a timely manner may be adversely
affected. Our government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects. If economic conditions remain uncertain and/or weaken and/or government
spending is reduced, our revenue and profitability could be adversely affected.   

We depend on long-term government contracts, some of which are only funded on an annual basis. If
appropriations for funding are not made in subsequent years of a multiple-year contract, we may not be able to realize all of our anticipated revenue and profits from that project.      

          A substantial majority of our revenue is derived from contracts with agencies and departments of national, state and local governments. During
fiscal 2016 and 2015, approximately 47% and 50% , respectively, of our revenue was derived from contracts with government entities.   

          Most
government contracts are subject to the government's budgetary approval process. Legislatures typically appropriate funds for a given program on a year-by-year basis, even though
contract performance may take more than one year. In addition, public-supported financing such as state and local municipal bonds may be only partially raised to support existing infrastructure
projects. As a result, at the beginning of a program, the related contract is only partially funded, and additional funding is normally committed only as appropriations are made in each fiscal year.
These appropriations, and the timing of payment of appropriated amounts, may be influenced by, among other things, the state of the economy, competing priorities for appropriation, changes in
administration or control of legislatures and the timing and amount of tax receipts and the overall level of government expenditures. Similarly, the impact of an economic downturn on state and local
governments may make it more difficult for them to fund infrastructure projects. If appropriations are not made in subsequent years on our government contracts, then we will not realize all of our
potential revenue and profit from that contract.   

The Budget Control Act of 2011 could significantly reduce U.S. government spending for the services we
provide.      

          Under the Budget Control Act of 2011, an automatic sequestration process, or across-the-board budget cuts (a large portion of which was
defense-related), was triggered when the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, a committee of twelve members of Congress, failed to agree on a deficit reduction plan for the U.S. federal
budget. The sequestration began on March 1, 2013. Although the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 provides some sequester relief until the end of 2017, absent additional legislative or other
remedial action, the sequestration requires reduced U.S. federal government spending from 2017 through 2025. A significant reduction in federal government spending or a change in budgetary priorities
could reduce demand for our services, cancel or delay federal projects, and result in the closure of federal facilities and significant personnel reductions, which could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition.   

If we are unable to win or renew government contracts during regulated procurement processes, our operations
and financial results would be harmed.      

          Government contracts are awarded through a regulated procurement process. The federal government has awarded multi-year contracts with
pre-established terms and conditions, such as indefinite delivery contracts, that generally require those contractors that have previously been awarded the indefinite delivery contract to engage in an
additional competitive bidding process before a task order is issued. In addition, the federal government has also awarded federal contracts based on a low-price, technically acceptable criteria
emphasizing price over qualitative factors, such as past performance. As a   

  15  

Table of Contents   

  result
of these competitive pricing pressures, our profit margins on future federal contracts may be reduced and may require us to make sustained efforts to reduce costs in order to realize revenues
and profits under government contracts. If we are not successful in reducing the amount of costs we incur, our profitability on government contracts will be negatively impacted. In addition, we may
not be awarded government contracts because of existing government policies designed to protect small businesses and under-represented minority contractors. Our inability to win or renew government
contracts during regulated procurement processes could harm our operations and reduce our profits and revenues.   

Governmental agencies may modify, curtail or terminate our contracts at any time prior to their completion
and, if we do not replace them, we may suffer a decline in revenue.      

          Most government contracts may be modified, curtailed or terminated by the government either at its discretion or upon the default of the
contractor. If the government terminates a contract at its discretion, then we typically are able to recover only costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to
termination, which could prevent us from recognizing all of our potential revenue and profits from that contract. In addition, for certain assignments, the U.S. government may attempt to "insource"
the services to government employees rather than outsource to a contractor. If a government terminates a contract due to our default, we could be liable for excess costs incurred by the government in
obtaining services from another source.   

Our contracts with governmental agencies are subject to audit, which could result in adjustments to
reimbursable contract costs or, if we are charged with wrongdoing, possible temporary or permanent suspension from participating in government programs.      

          Our books and records are subject to audit by the various governmental agencies we serve and their representatives. These audits can result in
adjustments to the amount of contract costs we believe are reimbursable by the agencies and the amount of our overhead costs allocated to the agencies. If such matters are not resolved in our favor,
they could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, if one of our subsidiaries is charged with wrongdoing as a result of an audit, that subsidiary, and possibly our company as a
whole, could be temporarily suspended or could be prohibited from bidding on and receiving future government contracts for a period of time. Furthermore, as a government contractor, we are subject to
an increased risk of investigations, criminal prosecution, civil fraud actions, whistleblower lawsuits and other legal actions and liabilities to which purely private sector companies are not, the
results of which could materially adversely impact our business. For example, we are named from time to time in suits brought under the qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act and comparable state
laws. These suits typically allege that we have made false statements or certifications in connection with claims for payment, or improperly retained overpayments, from the government. These suits may
remain under seal (and hence, be unknown to us) for some time while the government decides whether to intervene on behalf of the qui tam plaintiff.   

The United Kingdom's proposed withdrawal from the European Union could have an adverse effect on our business
and financial results.      

          In June 2016, the United Kingdom held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit. It
is expected that the United Kingdom government will initiate a process to withdraw from the EU and begin negotiating the terms of its separation. Our United Kingdom business is a significant part of
our European operations with over 8,000 employees and revenues representing approximately 5% of our total revenue for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. In addition, our United Kingdom
affiliates have liabilities denominated in pounds sterling such as defined benefit pension plan assets and liabilities that could be impacted by Brexit. Brexit may cause our customers to closely
monitor their costs and reduce demand for our services which could adversely affect our United Kingdom and overall business and financial results.   

  16  

Table of Contents    

An impairment charge of goodwill could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results
of operations.      

          Because we have grown in part through acquisitions, goodwill and intangible assets-net represent a substantial portion of our assets. Under
GAAP, we are required to test goodwill carried in our Consolidated Balance Sheets for possible impairment on an annual basis based upon a fair value approach and whenever events occur that indicate
impairment could exist. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in a reporting unit's market value, legal
factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of our business, a significant sustained decline in our market capitalization and other factors.   

          In
addition, if we experience a decrease in our stock price and market capitalization over a sustained period, we would have to record an impairment charge in the future. The amount of
any impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations for the period in which the charge is taken.   

Our substantial leverage and significant debt service obligations could adversely affect our financial
condition and our ability to fulfill our obligations and operate our business.      

          We had approximately $4.1 billion of indebtedness (excluding intercompany indebtedness) outstanding as of September 30, 2016, of
which $2.1 billion was secured obligations (exclusive of $92.3 million of outstanding undrawn letters of credit) and we have an additional $888.4 million of availability under our
Credit Agreement (after giving effect to outstanding letters of credit), all of which would be secured debt, if drawn. Our financial performance could be adversely affected by our substantial
leverage. We may also incur significant additional indebtedness in the future, subject to certain conditions.   

          This
high level of indebtedness could have important negative consequences to us, including, but not limited to:  

we may have difficulty satisfying our obligations with respect to outstanding debt obligations;   
            we may have difficulty obtaining financing in the future for working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures or other purposes;    
            we may need to use all, or a substantial portion, of our available excess cash flow to pay interest and principal on our debt, which will
reduce the amount of money available to finance our operations and other business activities, including, but not limited to, working capital requirements, acquisitions, capital expenditures or other
general corporate or business activities;   
            our debt level increases our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse industry conditions;    
            our debt level could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in our industry in general;    
            our substantial amount of debt and the amount we must pay to service our debt obligations could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared
to our competitors that have less debt;   
            we may have increased borrowing costs;   
            our clients, surety providers or insurance carriers may react adversely to our significant debt level;    
            we may have insufficient funds, and our debt level may also restrict us from raising the funds necessary, to retire certain of our debt
instruments tendered to us upon maturity of our debt or the occurrence of a change of control, which would constitute an event of default under certain of our debt instruments; and    
 
  17  

Table of Contents   

our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt instruments which, among other things, require us to
maintain specified financial ratios and limit our ability to incur debt and sell assets, could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our
business or prospects.    

Our
high level of indebtedness requires that we use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, which will reduce the
availability of cash to fund working capital requirements, future acquisitions, capital expenditures or other general corporate or business activities.   

          In
addition, a substantial portion of our indebtedness bears interest at variable rates, including borrowings under our Credit Agreement. If market interest rates increase, debt service
on our variable-rate debt will rise, which could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial position. Although we may employ hedging strategies such that a portion of the
aggregate principal amount of our term loans carries a fixed rate of interest, any hedging arrangement put in place may not offer complete protection from this risk. Additionally, the remaining
portion of borrowings under our Credit Agreement that is not hedged will be subject to changes in interest rates.   

Our operations worldwide expose us to legal, political and economic risks in different countries as well as
currency exchange rate fluctuations that could harm our business and financial results.      

During fiscal 2016, revenue attributable to our services provided outside of the United States to non-U.S. clients was approximately 28% of our
total revenue. There are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including:  

imposition of governmental controls and changes in laws, regulations or policies;   
            political and economic instability;   
            civil unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war, or other armed conflict;   
            changes in U.S. and other national government trade policies affecting the markets for our services;    
            changes in regulatory practices, tariffs and taxes;   
            potential non-compliance with a wide variety of laws and regulations, including anti-corruption, export control and anti-boycott laws and
similar non-U.S. laws and regulations;   
            changes in labor conditions;   
            logistical and communication challenges; and   
            currency exchange rate fluctuations, devaluations and other conversion restrictions.    

Any
of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.   

Political, economic and military conditions in the Middle East, Africa and other regions could negatively
impact our business.      

          In recent years, there has been a substantial amount of hostilities, civil unrest and other political uncertainty in certain areas in the Middle
East, North Africa and beyond. If civil unrest were to disrupt our business in any of these regions, and particularly if political activities were to result in prolonged hostilities, unrest or civil
war, it could result in operating losses and asset write downs and our financial condition could be adversely affected.   

  18  

Table of Contents   

We operate in many different jurisdictions and we could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws.      

          The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws, including the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, generally
prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our internal policies mandate compliance with these
anti-corruption laws, including the requirements to maintain accurate information and internal controls which may fall within the purview of the FCPA, its books and records provisions or its
anti-bribery provisions. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree; and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-corruption laws
may conflict with local customs and practices. Despite our training and compliance programs, we cannot assure that our internal control policies and procedures always will protect us from reckless or
criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Our continued expansion outside the U.S., including in developing countries, could increase the risk of such violations in the future. In addition,
from time to time, government investigations of corruption in construction-related industries affect us and our peers. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our
business and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.   

Many of our project sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Failure to maintain safe work sites and
equipment could result in environmental disasters, employee deaths or injuries, reduced profitability, the loss of projects or clients and possible exposure to litigation.      

          Our project sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing
processes, and highly regulated materials. On some project sites, we may be responsible for safety and, accordingly, we have an obligation to implement effective safety procedures. If we fail to
implement these procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective, we may suffer the loss of or injury to our employees, as well as expose ourselves to possible litigation. As a result, our
failure to maintain adequate safety standards and equipment could result in reduced profitability or the loss of projects or clients, and could have a material adverse impact on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.   

We work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our
employees and contractors or material costs to us.      

          Some of our services are performed in high-risk locations, such as the Middle East, Iraq, North Africa, and Southwest Asia, where the country or
location is suffering from political, social or economic problems, or war or civil unrest. In those locations where we have employees or operations, we may incur material costs to maintain the safety
of our personnel. Despite these precautions, the safety of our personnel in these locations may continue to be at risk. Acts of terrorism and threats of armed conflicts in or around various areas in
which we operate could limit or disrupt markets and our operations, including disruptions resulting from the evacuation of personnel, cancellation of contracts, or the loss of key employees,
contractors or assets.   

Cyber security breaches of our systems and information technology could adversely impact our ability to
operate.      

          We develop, install and maintain information technology systems for ourselves, as well as for customers. Client contracts for the performance of
information technology services, as well as various privacy and securities laws, require us to manage and protect sensitive and confidential information, including federal and other government
information, from disclosure. We also need to protect our own internal trade secrets and other business confidential information from disclosure. We face the threat to our computer systems of
unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, organized cyber-attacks and other security problems and system disruptions, including possible unauthorized access to our and
our clients' proprietary or classified information. We rely on industry-   

  19  

Table of Contents   

  accepted
security measures and technology to securely maintain all confidential and proprietary information on our information systems. We have devoted and will continue to devote significant
resources to the security of our computer systems, but they may still be vulnerable to these threats. A user who circumvents security measures could misappropriate confidential or proprietary
information, including information regarding us, our personnel and/or our clients, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in operations. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources
to protect against the threat of these system disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches. Any of these events could damage our reputation and
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.   

Our business and operating results could be adversely affected by losses under fixed-price or guaranteed
maximum price contracts.      

          Fixed-price contracts require us to either perform all work under the contract for a specified lump-sum or to perform an estimated number of
units of work at an agreed price per unit, with the total payment determined by the actual number of units performed. In addition, we may enter guaranteed maximum price contracts where we guarantee a
price or delivery date. Fixed-price contracts expose us to a number of risks not inherent in cost-plus, time and material, and guaranteed maximum price contracts, including underestimation of costs,
ambiguities in specifications, unforeseen costs or difficulties, problems with new technologies, delays beyond our control, failures of subcontractors to perform and economic or other changes that may
occur during the contract period. In addition, our exposure to construction cost overruns may increase over time as we increase our construction services. Losses under fixed-price or guaranteed
contracts could be substantial and adversely impact our results of operations.   

Our failure to meet contractual schedule or performance requirements that we have guaranteed could adversely
affect our operating results.      

          In certain circumstances, we can incur liquidated or other damages if we do not achieve project completion by a scheduled date. If we or an
entity for which we have provided a guarantee subsequently fails to complete the project as scheduled and the matter cannot be satisfactorily resolved with the client, we may be responsible for cost
impacts to the client resulting from any delay or the cost to complete the project. Our costs generally increase from schedule delays and/or could exceed our projections for a particular project. In
addition, project performance can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including unavoidable delays from governmental
inaction, public opposition, inability to obtain financing, weather conditions, unavailability of vendor materials, changes in the project scope of services requested by our clients, industrial
accidents, environmental hazards, labor disruptions and other factors. Material performance problems for existing and future contracts could cause actual results of operations to differ from those
anticipated by us and also could cause us to suffer damage to our reputation within our industry and client base.   

We may not be able to maintain adequate surety and financial capacity necessary for us to successfully bid on
and win contracts.      

          In line with industry practice, we are often required to provide surety bonds, standby letters of credit or corporate guarantees to our clients
that indemnify the customer should our affiliate fail to perform its obligations under the terms of a contract. A surety may issue a performance or payment bond to guarantee to the client that our
affiliate will perform under the terms of a contract. If our affiliate fails to perform under the terms of the contract, then the client may demand that the surety provide the contracted services
under the performance or payment bond. In addition, we would typically have obligations to indemnify the surety for any loss incurred in connection with the bond. If a surety bond or a letter of
credit is required for a particular project and we are unable to obtain an appropriate surety bond or letter of credit, we may not   

  20  

Table of Contents   

  be
able to pursue that project which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.   

We participate in certain joint ventures where we provide guarantees and may be adversely impacted by the
failure of the joint venture or its participants to fulfill their obligations.      

          We have investments in and commitments to certain joint ventures with unrelated parties, including in connection with construction services,
government services, and the investment activities of AECOM Capital. These joint ventures from time to time borrow money to help finance their activities and in certain circumstances, we are required
to provide guarantees of certain obligations of our affiliated entities, including guarantees for completion of projects, repayment of debt, environmental indemnity obligations and acts of willful
misconduct. If these entities are not able to honor their obligations under the guarantees, we may be required to expend additional resources or suffer losses, which could be significant.   

We conduct a portion of our operations through joint venture entities, over which we may have limited
control.      

          Approximately 14% of our fiscal 2016 revenue was derived from our operations through joint ventures or similar partnership arrangements, where
control may be shared with unaffiliated third parties. As with most joint venture arrangements, differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or disputes.
We also cannot control the actions of our joint venture partners; and we typically have joint and several liability with our joint venture partners under the applicable contracts for joint venture
projects. These factors could potentially adversely impact the business and operations of a joint venture and, in turn, our business and operations.   

          Operating
through joint ventures in which we are minority holders results in us having limited control over many decisions made with respect to projects and internal controls relating to
projects. Sales of our services provided to our unconsolidated joint ventures were approximately 3% of our fiscal 2016 revenue. We generally do not have control of these unconsolidated joint ventures.
These joint ventures may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls and internal control over financial reporting that we follow. As a result, internal control problems may
arise with respect to these joint ventures, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could also affect our reputation in the industries we
serve.   

Systems and information technology interruption and unexpected data or vendor loss could adversely impact our
ability to operate.      

          We rely heavily on computer, information and communications technology and related systems to properly operate. From time to time, we experience
occasional system interruptions and delays. If we are unable to effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure and take other steps to protect our systems, the operation of our systems
could be interrupted or delayed. Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism and
similar events or disruptions. Any of these or other events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, or delay or prevent operations, and adversely affect our operating
results.   

          We
also rely in part on third-party internal and outsourced software to run our critical accounting, project management and financial information systems. We depend on our software
vendors to provide long-term software maintenance support for our information systems. Software vendors may decide to discontinue further development, integration or long-term software maintenance
support for our information systems, in which case we may need to abandon one or more of our current information systems and migrate some or all of our accounting, project management and financial
information to
other systems, thus increasing our operational expense, as well as disrupting the management of our business operations.   

  21  

Table of Contents   

Misconduct by our employees, partners or consultants or our failure to comply with laws or regulations
applicable to our business could cause us to lose customers or lose our ability to contract with government agencies.      

          As a government contractor, misconduct, fraud or other improper activities caused by our employees', partners' or consultants' failure to comply
with laws or regulations could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct could include the failure to comply with procurement regulations, environmental
regulations, regulations regarding the protection of sensitive government information, legislation regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, regulations on lobbying or
similar activities, and anti-corruption, anti-competition, export control and other applicable laws or regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, misconduct by any of our
employees or consultants or our failure to make timely and accurate certifications to government agencies regarding misconduct or potential misconduct could subject us to fines and penalties, loss of
government granted eligibility, cancellation of contracts and suspension or debarment from contracting with government agencies, any of which may adversely affect our business.   

We may be required to contribute additional cash to meet our significant underfunded benefit obligations
associated with pension benefit plans we manage or multiemployer pension plans in which we participate.      

          We have defined benefit pension plans for employees in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and Ireland. At
September 30, 2016, our defined benefit pension plans had an aggregate deficit (the excess of projected benefit obligations over the fair value of plan assets) of approximately
$696.1 million. In the future, our pension deficits may increase or decrease depending on changes in the levels of interest rates, pension plan performance and other factors that may require us
to make additional cash contributions to our pension plans and recognize further increases in our net pension cost to satisfy our funding requirements. If we are forced or elect to make up all or a
portion of the deficit for unfunded benefit plans, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.   

          A
multiemployer pension plan is typically established under a collective bargaining agreement with a union to cover the union-represented workers of various unrelated companies. Our
collective bargaining agreements with unions will require us to contribute to various multiemployer pension plans; however, we do not control or manage these plans. For the year ended
September 30, 2016, we contributed $49.5 million to multiemployer pension plans. Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, an employer who contributes to a multiemployer pension
plan, absent an applicable exemption, may also be liable, upon termination or withdrawal from the plan, for its proportionate share of the multiemployer pension plan's unfunded vested benefit. If we
terminate or withdraw from a multiemployer plan, absent an applicable exemption (such as for some plans in the building and construction industry), we could be required to contribute a significant
amount of cash to fund the multiemployer plan's unfunded vested benefit, which could materially and adversely affect our financial results; however, since we do not control the multiemployer plans, we
are unable to estimate any potential contributions that could be required.   

New legal requirements could adversely affect our operating results.      

          Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by the passage of new climate change, defense, environmental, infrastructure
and other laws, policies and regulations. Growing concerns about climate change and greenhouse gases, such as those adopted under the United Nations COP-21 Paris Agreement or the EPA Clean Power Plan,
may result in the imposition of additional environmental regulations for our clients' fossil fuel projects. For example, legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on
emissions regulations could increase the costs of projects for our clients or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services. In addition,
relaxation or repeal of laws and regulations, or changes in governmental policies regarding environmental, defense, infrastructure or other industries we serve could result in a decline in demand for
our services, which could in turn negatively impact our revenues. We cannot predict when or whether any of these various proposals may be enacted or what their effect will be on us or on our
customers.   

  22  

Table of Contents   

We may be subject to substantial liabilities under environmental laws and regulations.      

          Our services are subject to numerous environmental protection laws and regulations that are complex and stringent. Our business involves in part
the planning, design, program management, construction and construction management, and operations and maintenance at various sites, including but not limited to, pollution control systems, nuclear
facilities, hazardous waste and
Superfund sites, contract mining sites, hydrocarbon production, distribution and transport sites, military bases and other infrastructure-related facilities. We also regularly perform work, including
oil field and pipeline construction services in and around sensitive environmental areas, such as rivers, lakes and wetlands. In addition, we have contracts with U.S. federal government entities to
destroy hazardous materials, including chemical agents and weapons stockpiles, as well as to decontaminate and decommission nuclear facilities. These activities may require us to manage, handle,
remove, treat, transport and dispose of toxic or hazardous substances. We also own and operate several properties in the U.S. and Canada that have been used for the storage and maintenance of
equipment and upon which hydrocarbons or other wastes may have been disposed or released. Past business practices at companies that we have acquired may also expose us to future unknown environmental
liabilities.   

          Significant
fines, penalties and other sanctions may be imposed for non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations, and some environmental laws provide for joint and several
strict liabilities for remediation of releases of hazardous substances, rendering a person liable for environmental damage, without regard to negligence or fault on the part of such person. These laws
and regulations may expose us to liability arising out of the conduct of operations or conditions caused by others, or for our acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time these
acts were performed. For example, there are a number of governmental laws that strictly regulate the handling, removal, treatment, transportation and disposal of toxic and hazardous substances, such
as Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, and comparable state laws, that impose strict, joint and several liabilities for the entire cost of cleanup, without
regard to whether a company knew of or caused the release of hazardous substances. In addition, some environmental regulations can impose liability for the entire cleanup upon owners, operators,
generators, transporters and other persons arranging for the treatment or disposal of such hazardous substances related to contaminated facilities or project sites. Other federal environmental, health
and safety laws affecting us include, but are not limited to, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Air Mercury Rule, the
Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act and the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974, as well as other comparable
national and state laws. Liabilities related to environmental contamination or human exposure to hazardous substances, or a failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in substantial
costs to us, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party claims for property damage or personal injury or cessation of remediation activities. Our continuing work in
the areas governed by these laws and regulations exposes us to the risk of substantial liability.   

Demand for our oil and gas services fluctuates.      

          Demand for our oil and natural gas services fluctuates, and we depend on our customers' willingness to make future expenditures to explore for,
develop and produce oil and natural gas in the U.S. and Canada. For example, the past volatility in the price of oil and natural gas has significantly decreased existing and future projects. Our
customers' willingness to undertake future projects depends largely upon prevailing industry conditions that are influenced by numerous factors over which we have no control, such as the anticipated
future prices for natural gas and crude oil. The multi-year decline in oil and natural gas prices has decreased spending and drilling activity, which has caused declines in demand for our services and
in the prices we are able to charge for our services.   

  23  

Table of Contents   

Failure to successfully execute our acquisition strategy may inhibit our growth.      

          We have grown in part as a result of our acquisitions over the last several years, and we expect continued growth in the form of additional
acquisitions and expansion into new markets. If we are unable to pursue suitable acquisition opportunities, as a result of global economic uncertainty or other factors, our growth may be inhibited. We
cannot assure that suitable acquisitions or investment opportunities will continue to be identified or that any of these transactions can be consummated on favorable terms or at all. Any future
acquisitions will involve various inherent risks, such as:  

our ability to accurately assess the value, strengths, weaknesses, liabilities and potential profitability of acquisition candidates;    
            the potential loss of key personnel of an acquired business;   
            increased burdens on our staff and on our administrative, internal control and operating systems, which may hinder our legal and regulatory
compliance activities;   
            liabilities related to pre-acquisition activities of an acquired business and the burdens on our staff and resources to comply with, conduct or
resolve investigations into such activities;   
            post-acquisition integration challenges; and   
            post-acquisition deterioration in an acquired business that could result in lower or negative earnings contribution and/or goodwill impairment
charges.    

Furthermore,
during the acquisition process and thereafter, our management may need to assume significant transaction-related responsibilities, which may cause them to divert their
attention from our existing operations. If our management is unable to successfully integrate acquired companies or implement our growth strategy, our operating results could be harmed. In addition,
even if the operations of an acquisition are integrated successfully, we may not realize the full benefits of the acquisition, including the synergies, cost savings, or sales or growth opportunities
that we expect. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. Moreover, we cannot assure that we will continue to successfully expand or that growth or expansion
will result in profitability.   

Although we expect to realize certain benefits as a result of our acquisitions, there is the possibility that
we may be unable to successfully integrate our businesses in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions or do so within the intended timeframe.      

          As a result of recent acquisitions, we have been, and will continue to be, required to devote significant management attention and resources to
integrating the business practices and operations of the acquired companies with our business. Difficulties we may encounter as part of the integration process include the
following:  

the consequences of a change in tax treatment, including the costs of integration and compliance and the possibility that the full benefits
anticipated from the acquisition will not be realized;   
            any delay in the integration of management teams, strategies, operations, products and services;   
            diversion of the attention of each company's management as a result of the acquisition;   
            differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies that may delay successful integration;    
            the ability to retain key employees;   
            the ability to create and enforce uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems;    
 
  24  

Table of Contents   

the challenge of integrating complex systems, technology, networks and other assets into those of ours in a seamless manner that minimizes any
adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies;   
            potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the acquisition, including costs to integrate beyond
current estimates;   
            the ability to deduct or claim certain tax attributes or benefits such as operating losses, business or foreign tax credits; and    
            the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, each company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and
policies.    

Any
of these factors could adversely affect each company's ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies or our ability to achieve the
anticipated benefits of the acquisition or could reduce each company's earnings or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results.   

The agreements governing our debt contain a number of restrictive covenants which will limit our ability to
finance future operations, acquisitions or capital needs or engage in other business activities that may be in our interest.      

The Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our debt contain a number of significant covenants that impose operating and other
restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. Such restrictions affect or will affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, among other things, our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries
to:  

incur additional indebtedness;   
            create liens;   
            pay dividends and make other distributions in respect of our equity securities;   
            redeem our equity securities;   
            distribute excess cash flow from foreign to domestic subsidiaries;   
            make certain investments or certain other restricted payments;   
            sell certain kinds of assets;   
            enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; and   
            effect mergers or consolidations.    

In
addition, our Credit Agreement also requires us to comply with a consolidated interest coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio. Our ability to comply with these ratios may be
affected by events beyond our control.   

          These
restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market or economic conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans, and could
adversely affect our ability to finance our operations, acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest.   

          A
breach of any of these covenants or our inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under all or certain of our debt instruments. If an event of
default occurs, our creditors could elect to:  

declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to be immediately due and payable;    
 
  25  

Table of Contents   

require us to apply all of our available cash to repay the borrowings; or   
            prevent us from making debt service payments on certain of our borrowings.    

If
we were unable to repay or otherwise refinance these borrowings when due, the applicable creditors could sell the collateral securing certain of our debt instruments, which
constitutes substantially all of our domestic and foreign, wholly owned subsidiaries' assets.   

Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service
obligations to increase significantly.      

          Borrowings under our Credit Agreement are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our
debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our
indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. A 1.00% increase in such interest rates would increase total interest expense under our
Credit Agreement for the year ended September 30, 2016 by $20.9 million, including the effect of our interest rate swaps. We may, from time to time, enter into additional interest rate
swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. However, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our
variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk and could be subject to credit risk themselves.   

If we are unable to continue to access credit on acceptable terms, our business may be adversely affected.      

          The state of the global credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance our existing indebtedness, enter into
agreements for uncommitted bond facilities and new indebtedness, replace our existing revolving and term credit agreements or obtain funding through the issuance of our securities. We use credit
facilities to support our working capital and acquisition needs. There is no guarantee that we can continue to renew our credit facility on terms as favorable as those in our existing credit facility
and, if we are unable to do so, our costs of borrowing and our business may be adversely affected.   

Our ability to grow and to compete in our industry will be harmed if we do not retain the continued services
of our key technical and management personnel and identify, hire, and retain additional qualified personnel.      

          There is strong competition for qualified technical and management personnel in the sectors in which we compete. We may not be able to continue
to attract and retain qualified technical and management personnel, such as engineers, architects and project managers, who are necessary for the development of our business or to replace qualified
personnel in the timeframe demanded by our clients. Our planned growth may place increased demands on our resources and will likely require the addition of technical and management personnel and the
development of additional expertise by existing personnel. In addition, we may occasionally enter into contracts before we have hired or retained appropriate staffing for that project. Also, some of
our personnel hold government granted eligibility that may be required to obtain certain government projects. If we were to lose some or all of these personnel, they would be difficult to replace. In
addition, we rely heavily upon the expertise and leadership of our senior management. If we are unable to retain executives and other key personnel, the roles and responsibilities of those employees
will need to be filled, which may require that we devote time and resources to identify, hire and integrate new employees. Loss of the services of, or failure to recruit, key technical and management
personnel could limit our ability to successfully complete existing projects and compete for new projects.   

  26  

Table of Contents   

Our revenue and growth prospects may be harmed if we or our employees are unable to obtain government granted
eligibility or other qualifications we and they need to perform services for our customers.      

          A number of government programs require contractors to have certain kinds of government granted eligibility, such as security clearance
credentials. Depending on the project, eligibility can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain. If we or our employees are unable to obtain or retain the necessary eligibility, including local
ownership requirements, we may not be able to win new business, and our existing customers could terminate their contracts with us or decide not to renew them. To the extent we cannot obtain or
maintain the required security clearances for our employees working on a particular contract, we may not derive the revenue or profit anticipated from such contract.   

Our industry is highly competitive and we may be unable to compete effectively, which could result in reduced
revenue, profitability and market share.      

          We are engaged in a highly competitive business. The markets we serve are highly fragmented and we compete with a large number of regional,
national and international companies. Certain of these competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Others are smaller and more specialized, and concentrate their resources in
particular areas of expertise. The extent of our competition varies according to the particular markets and geographic area. In addition, the technical and professional aspects of some of our services
generally do not require large upfront capital expenditures and provide limited barriers against new competitors.   

          The
degree and type of competition we face is also influenced by the type and scope of a particular project. Our clients make competitive determinations based upon qualifications,
experience, performance, reputation, technology, customer relationships and ability to provide the relevant services in a timely, safe and cost-efficient manner. Increased competition may result in
our inability to win bids for future projects and loss of revenue, profitability and market share.   

If we extend a significant portion of our credit to clients in a specific geographic area or industry, we may
experience disproportionately high levels of collection risk and nonpayment if those clients are adversely affected by factors particular to their geographic area or industry.      

          Our clients include public and private entities that have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by the changing landscape in the
global economy. While outside of the U.S. federal government, no one client accounted for over 10% of our revenue for fiscal 2016, we face collection risk as a normal part of our business where we
perform services and subsequently bill our clients for such services, or when we make equity investments in majority or minority controlled large-scale client projects and other long-term capital
projects before the project completes operational status or completes its project financing. In the event that we have concentrated credit risk from clients in a specific geographic area or industry,
continuing negative trends or a worsening in the financial condition of that specific geographic area or industry could make us susceptible to disproportionately high levels of default by those
clients. Such defaults could materially adversely impact our revenues and our results of operations.   

Our services expose us to significant risks of liability and our insurance policies may not provide adequate
coverage.      

          Our services involve significant risks of professional and other liabilities that may substantially exceed the fees that we derive from our
services. In addition, we sometimes contractually assume liability to clients on projects under indemnification agreements. We cannot predict the magnitude of potential liabilities from the operation
of our business. In addition, in the ordinary course of our business, we frequently make professional judgments and recommendations about environmental and engineering conditions of project sites for
our clients. We may be deemed to be responsible for these judgments and recommendations if such judgments and recommendations are later determined to be inaccurate. Any unfavorable legal ruling
against us could result in substantial monetary damages or even criminal violations.   

  27  

Table of Contents    

          Our professional liability policies cover only claims made during the term of the policy. Additionally, our insurance policies may not protect us against
potential liability due to various exclusions in the policies and self-insured retention amounts. Partially or completely uninsured claims, if successful and of significant magnitude, could have a
material adverse effect on our business.   

Unavailability or cancellation of third-party insurance coverage would increase our overall risk exposure as
well as disrupt the management of our business operations.      

          We maintain insurance coverage from third-party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy and because some of our contracts
require us to maintain specific insurance coverage limits. If any of our third-party insurers fail, suddenly cancel our coverage or otherwise are unable to provide us with adequate insurance coverage,
then our overall risk exposure and our operational expenses would increase and the management of our business operations would be disrupted. In addition, there can be no assurance that any of our
existing insurance coverage will be renewable upon the expiration of the coverage period or that future coverage will be affordable at the required limits.   

If we do not have adequate indemnification for our services related to nuclear materials, it could adversely
affect our business and financial condition.      

          We provide services to the Department of Energy relating to our nuclear weapons facilities and the nuclear energy industry in the ongoing
maintenance and modification, as well as the decontamination and decommissioning, of our nuclear energy plants. Indemnification provisions under the Price-Anderson Act available to nuclear energy
plant operators and Department of Energy contractors do not apply to all liabilities that we might incur while performing services as a radioactive materials cleanup contractor for the Department of
Energy and the nuclear energy industry. If the Price-Anderson Act's indemnification protection does not apply to our services or if our exposure occurs outside the U.S., our business and financial
condition could be adversely affected either by our client's refusal to retain us, by our inability to obtain commercially adequate insurance and indemnification, or by potentially significant
monetary damages we may incur.   

          We
also provide services to the United Kingdom's Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA) relating to clean-up and decommissioning of the United Kingdom's public sector nuclear sites.
Indemnification provisions under the Nuclear Installations Act 1965 available to nuclear site licensees, the Atomic Energy Authority, and the Crown, and contractual indemnification from the NDA do not
apply to all liabilities that we might incur while performing services as a clean-up and decommissioning contractor for the NDA. If the Nuclear Installations Act 1965 and contractual indemnification
protection does not apply to our services or if our exposure occurs outside the United Kingdom, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected either by our client's refusal to
retain us, by our inability to obtain commercially adequate insurance and indemnification, or by potentially significant monetary damages we may incur.   

Our backlog of uncompleted projects under contract is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations
and, thus may not accurately reflect future revenue and profits.      

          At September 30, 2016, our contracted backlog was approximately $23.7 billion, our awarded backlog was approximately
$15.4 billion and our unconsolidated joint venture backlog was approximately $3.7 billion for a total backlog of $42.8 billion. Our contracted backlog includes revenue we expect
to record in the future from signed contracts and, in the case of a public sector client, where the project has been funded. Our awarded backlog includes revenue we expect to record in the future
where we have been awarded the work, but the contractual agreement has not yet been signed. We cannot guarantee that future revenue will be realized from either category of backlog or, if realized,
will result in profits. Many projects may remain in our backlog for an extended period of time because of the size or long-term nature of the contract. In addition, from time to time, projects are
delayed, scaled back or canceled. These types of   

  28  

Table of Contents   

  backlog
reductions adversely affect the revenue and profits that we ultimately receive from contracts reflected in our backlog.   

We have submitted claims to clients for work we performed beyond the initial scope of some of our contracts.
If these clients do not approve these claims, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.      

          We typically have pending claims submitted under some of our contracts for payment of work performed beyond the initial contractual requirements
for which we have already recorded revenue. In general, we cannot guarantee that such claims will be approved in whole, in part, or at all. Often, these claims can be the subject of lengthy
arbitration or litigation proceedings, and it is difficult to accurately predict when these claims will be fully resolved. When these types of events occur and unresolved claims are pending, we have
used working capital in projects to cover cost overruns pending the resolution of the relevant claims. If these claims are not approved, our revenue may be reduced in future periods.   

In conducting our business, we depend on other contractors, subcontractors and equipment and material
providers. If these parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or other parties or if we are unable to maintain these relationships, our revenue, profitability and growth prospects could be
adversely affected.      

          We depend on contractors, subcontractors and equipment and material providers in conducting our business. There is a risk that we may have
disputes with our subcontractors arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontractor, or our failure to
extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract. Also, to the extent that we cannot acquire equipment and materials at reasonable costs, or if the amount we are required to
pay exceeds our estimates, our ability to complete a project in a timely fashion or at a profit may be impaired. In addition, if any of our subcontractors fail to deliver on a timely basis the
agreed-upon supplies and/or perform the agreed-upon services, our ability to fulfill our obligations as a prime contractor may be jeopardized; we could be held responsible for such failures and/or we
may be required to purchase the supplies or services from another source at a higher price. This may reduce the profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project for which the supplies or
services are needed.   

          We
also rely on relationships with other contractors when we act as their subcontractor or joint venture partner. Our future revenue and growth prospects could be adversely affected if
other contractors eliminate or reduce their subcontracts or joint venture relationships with us, or if a government agency terminates or reduces these other contractors' programs, does not award them
new contracts or refuses to pay under a contract. In addition, due to "pay when paid" provisions that are common in subcontracts in certain countries, including the U.S., we could experience delays in
receiving payment if the prime contractor experiences payment delays.   

If clients use our reports or other work product without appropriate disclaimers or in a misleading or
incomplete manner, or if our reports or other work product are not in compliance with professional standards and other regulations, our business could be adversely affected.      

The reports and other work product we produce for clients sometimes include projections, forecasts and other forward-looking statements. Such
information by its nature is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause the information produced by us to ultimately prove inaccurate. While we include appropriate
disclaimers in the reports that we prepare for our clients, once we produce such written work product, we do not always have the ability to control the manner in which our clients use such
information. As a result, if our clients reproduce such information to solicit funds from investors for projects without appropriate disclaimers and the information proves to be incorrect, or if our
clients reproduce such information for potential investors in a misleading or incomplete manner, our clients or such investors may threaten to or file suit against us for, among other things,
securities law violations. For example, in August 2016, AECOM Australia and other parties entered into a settlement related to, among   

  29  

Table of Contents   

  other
things, alleged deficiencies in AECOM Australia's traffic forecast. If we were found to be liable for any claims related to our client work product, our business could be adversely affected.   

In
addition, our reports and other work product may need to comply with professional standards, licensing requirements, securities regulations and other laws and rules governing the
performance of professional services in the jurisdiction where the services are performed. We could be liable to third parties who use or rely upon our reports and other work product even if we are
not contractually bound to those third parties. These events could in turn result in monetary damages and penalties.   

Failure to adequately protect, maintain, or enforce our rights in our intellectual property may adversely
limit our competitive position.      

          Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to protect our intellectual property. We rely on a combination of intellectual property policies
and other contractual arrangements to protect much of our intellectual property where we do not believe that trademark, patent or copyright protection is appropriate or obtainable. Trade secrets are
generally difficult to protect. Although our employees are subject to confidentiality obligations, this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential
information and/or the infringement of our patents and copyrights. Further, we may be unable to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or otherwise take appropriate steps to enforce our
rights. Failure to adequately protect, maintain, or enforce our intellectual property rights may adversely limit our competitive position.   

Negotiations with labor unions and possible work actions could divert management attention and disrupt
operations. In addition, new collective bargaining agreements or amendments to agreements could increase our labor costs and operating expenses.      

          We regularly negotiate with labor unions and enter into collective bargaining agreements. The outcome of any future negotiations relating to
union representation or collective bargaining agreements may not be favorable to us. We may reach agreements in collective bargaining that increase our operating expenses and lower our net income as a
result of higher wages or benefit expenses. In addition, negotiations with unions could divert management attention and disrupt operations, which may adversely affect our results of operations. If we
are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements, we may have to address the threat of union-initiated work
actions, including strikes. Depending on the nature of the threat or the type and duration of any work action, these actions could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results.   

Our charter documents contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control.      

          Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the
change in control would be beneficial to stockholders. These provisions include the following:  

removal of directors for cause only;   
            ability of our Board of Directors to authorize the issuance of preferred stock in series without stockholder approval;    
            two-thirds stockholder vote requirement to approve specified business combinations, which include a sale of substantially all of our assets;    
            vesting of exclusive authority in our Board of Directors to determine the size of the board (subject to limited exceptions) and to fill
vacancies;   
            advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our Board of Directors; and    
 
  30  

Table of Contents   

prohibitions on our stockholders from acting by written consent and limitations on calling special meetings.    

Changes in tax laws could increase our worldwide tax rate and materially affect our results of operations      

Many international legislative and regulatory bodies have proposed legislation and begun investigations of the tax practices of multinational
companies and, in the European Union (EU), the tax policies of certain EU member states. One of these efforts has been led by the OECD, an international association of 34 countries including the
United States, which has finalized recommendations to revise corporate tax, transfer pricing, and tax treaty provisions in member countries. Since 2013, the European Commission (EC) has been
investigating tax rulings granted by tax authorities in a number of EU member states with respect to specific multinational corporations to determine whether such rulings comply with EU rules on state
aid, as well as more recent investigations of the tax regimes of certain EU member states. If the EC determines that a tax ruling or tax regime violates the state aid restrictions, the tax authorities
of the affected EU member state may be required to collect back taxes for the period of time covered by the ruling. In late 2015 and 2016, the EC declared that tax rulings by tax authorities in
Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Belgium and Ireland did not comply with the EU state aid restrictions. Due to the large scale of our U.S. and international business activities, many of these proposed
changes to the taxation of our activities, if enacted, could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm results of operations.    

ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS            

          None.    

ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES            

          Our corporate offices are located in approximately 31,500 square feet of space at 1999 Avenue of the Stars, Los Angeles, California. Our other
offices consist of an aggregate of approximately 13.5 million square feet worldwide. We also maintain smaller administrative or project offices. Virtually all of our offices are leased. See
Note 11 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding our lease obligations. We believe our current properties are adequate for our business operations and are
not currently underutilized. We may add additional facilities from time to time in the future as the need arises.    

ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS            

          As a government contractor, we are subject to various laws and regulations that are more restrictive than those applicable to non-government
contractors. Intense government scrutiny of contractors' compliance with those laws and regulations through audits and investigations is inherent in government contracting and, from time to time, we
receive inquiries, subpoenas, and similar demands related to our ongoing business with government entities. Violations can result in civil or criminal liability as well as suspension or debarment from
eligibility for awards of new government contracts or option renewals.   

          We
are involved in various investigations, claims and lawsuits in the normal conduct of our business. We are not always aware if we or our affiliates are under investigation or the
status of such matters. Although the outcome of our legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and no assurances can be provided, in the opinion of our management, based upon current
information and discussions with counsel, with the exception of the matters noted in Note 18, Commitments and Contingencies, to the financial statements contained in this report to the extent
stated therein, none of the investigations, claims and lawsuits in which we are involved is expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations,
cash flows or our ability to conduct business. See Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the financial statements contained in this report for a discussion of   

  31  

Table of Contents   

certain
matters to which we are a party. The information set forth in such note is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. From time to time, we establish reserves for litigation when we
consider it probable that a loss will occur.    

ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES            

          The Company does not act as the owner of any mines, but we may act as a mining operator as defined under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act
of 1977 where we may be a lessee of a mine, a person who operates, controls or supervises such mine, or an independent contractor performing services or construction of such mine. Information
concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of
Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.   

PART II            

ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES            

Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). According to the records of our transfer agent, there were 2,555 stockholders
of record as of November 2, 2016. The following table sets forth the low and high closing sales prices of a share of our common stock during each of the fiscal quarters presented, based upon
quotations on the NYSE consolidated reporting system:   

We
have not paid a cash dividend since our inception and our Credit Agreement restricts the Company's ability to pay cash dividends.   

  32  

Table of Contents   

Equity Compensation Plans      

The following table presents certain information about shares of AECOM common stock that may be issued under our equity compensation plans as of
September 30, 2016:   

Column A    
     
   Column B    
     
   Column C    

Plan Category

Number of securities 
to be issued upon 
exercise of 
outstanding options, 
warrants, and 
rights(1)    
     
   Weighted-average 
exercise price of 
outstanding 
options, warrants, 
and rights    
     
   Number of securities 
remaining available for 
future issuance under 
equity compensation 
plans (excluding 
securities reflected in 
Column A)    

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders:  

N/A  

N/A  

N/A  

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders:  

AECOM Stock Incentive Plans            

6,664,899  
  (2)  

$  
  30.36  
  (3)  
     
  10,881,790  

AECOM Employee Stock Purchase Plan(4)  

N/A  

N/A  

3,891,374   

Total  

6,664,899  

$  
  30.36  

14,773,164   

(1)    The
table does not include information for the 462,964 shares issued under the URS Corporation 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (URS Incentive Plan) assumed by AECOM in
connection with its acquisition of URS Corporation. No additional equity awards may be granted under the URS Incentive Plan.
      (2)    Includes
876,795 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options, 3,569,321 shares issuable upon the vesting of Restricted Stock Units and 2,218,783 shares
issuable if specified performance targets are met under Performance Earnings Program Awards (PEP).
      (3)    Weighted-average
exercise price of outstanding options only.
      (4)    Amounts
only reflected in column (c) and include all shares available for future issuance and subject to outstanding rights.     

33  

Table of Contents    

Performance Measurement Comparison(1)     

The following chart compares the cumulative total stockholder return of AECOM stock (ACM) with the cumulative total return of the S P MidCap 400
and the S P Composite 1500 Construction   Engineering(2) indices from October 1, 2011 to September 30, 2016. We believe the S P MidCap 400, on which we are listed, is an
appropriate independent broad market index, since it measures the performance of similar mid-sized companies in numerous sectors. In addition, we believe the S P Composite 1500 Construction  
Engineering Index is an appropriate published industry index since it measures the performance of engineering and construction companies.   

Comparison of Cumulative Total Return   October 1, 2011 September 30, 2016            

Stock Repurchase Program      

The Company's Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion in Company stock. Stock repurchases can be made
through open market purchases or other methods, including pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. From the inception of the stock repurchase program, the Company has purchased a total of
27.4 million shares at an average price of $24.10 per share, for a total cost of $660.1 million through September 30, 2014. No stock repurchases were made under the stock
repurchase program for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

(1)    This
section is not "soliciting material," is not deemed "filed" with the SEC and is not incorporated by reference in any of our filings under the Securities Act or
Exchange Act whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing.
      (2)    The
S P Composite 1500 Construction   Engineering Index contains the following public companies:    

AECOM 
Aegion Corporation 
Comfort Systems USA, Inc. 
Dycom Industries, Inc.  
     
  EMCOR Group, Inc. 
Fluor Corporation 
Granite Construction Incorporated 
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.  
     
  KBR, Inc. 
MYR Group, Inc. 
Orion Marine Group, Inc. 
Quanta Services, Inc. 
Valmont Industries, Inc.  

34  

Table of Contents   

ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA            

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA            

          You should read the following selected consolidated financial data along with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes, which are included in this Form 10-K. We derived the selected consolidated financial data from our
audited consolidated financial statements.   

(1)    Includes
amortization of deferred debt issuance costs.
      (2)    Included
in depreciation and amortization above.     

35  

Table of Contents   

36  

Table of Contents    

ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS            

             This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are not limited to historical facts, but reflect the Company's current beliefs, expectations or intentions regarding future
events. These statements include forward-looking statements with respect to the Company, including the Company's business and operations, and the engineering and construction industry. Statements that
are not historical facts, without limitation, including statements that use terms such as "anticipates," "believes,"
"expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," and "will" and that relate to our plans and objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In light of the risks and uncertainties
inherent in all forward-looking statements, the inclusion of such statements in this Annual Report should not be considered as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives or plans
will be achieved. Although management believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, these assumptions and the forward-looking statements are subject to
various factors, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the fact that demand for our services is cyclical and vulnerable to economic downturns
and reduction in government and private industry spending; our dependence on long-term government contracts, which are subject to uncertainties concerning the government's budgetary approval process;
the possibility that our government contracts may be terminated by the government; the risk of employee misconduct or our failure to comply with laws and regulations; legal, security, political, and
economic risks in the countries in which we operate; competition in our industry; maintaining adequate surety and financial capacity; cyber security breaches; information technology interruptions or
data losses; liabilities under environmental laws; fluctuations in demand for oil and gas services; our substantial indebtedness; the ability to retain key personnel; global tax compliance; changes in
financial markets, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; and those additional risks and factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent reports we file
with the SEC. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statement.   

             All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the Company or other matters attributable to the Company or any person acting on its behalf
are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only to the date they are
made. The Company is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or revise any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new
information, future developments or otherwise. Please review "Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors" in this Annual Report for a discussion of the factors, risks and uncertainties
that could affect our future results.   

             Our fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the Friday closest to September 30. For clarity of presentation, we present all periods as if
the year ended on September 30. We refer to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 as "fiscal 2015" and the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 as "fiscal
2016."   

Overview     

          We are a leading provider of planning, consulting, architectural and engineering design services for public and private clients around the
world. We provide our services in a broad range of end markets.   

          Our
business focuses primarily on providing fee-based planning, consulting, architectural and engineering design services and, therefore, our business is labor and not capital intensive.
We derive
income from our ability to generate revenue and collect cash from our clients through the billing of our employees' time spent on client projects and our ability to manage our costs.   

We
report our business through three segments: Design and Consulting Services (DCS), Construction Services (CS), and Management Services (MS). Such segments are organized by the types of
services provided, the differing specialized needs of the respective clients, and how we manage the business. We   

  37  

Table of Contents   

have
aggregated various operating segments into our reportable segments based on their similar characteristics, including similar long-term financial performance, the nature of services provided,
internal processes for delivering those services, and types of customers.   

          Our
DCS segment delivers planning, consulting, architectural and engineering design services to commercial and government clients worldwide in major end markets such as transportation,
facilities, environmental, energy, water and government. DCS revenue is primarily derived from fees from services that we provide, as opposed to pass-through costs from subcontractors.   

Our
CS segment provides construction services, including building construction and energy, infrastructure and industrial construction, primarily in the Americas. CS revenue typically
includes a significant amount of pass-through costs from subcontractors.   

          Our
MS segment provides program and facilities management and maintenance, training, logistics, consulting, technical assistance, and systems integration and information technology
services, primarily for agencies of the U.S. government and also for national governments around the world. MS revenue typically includes a significant amount of pass-through costs from
subcontractors.   

          Our
revenue is dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified and productive employees, identify business opportunities, integrate and maximize the value of our recent
acquisitions, allocate our labor resources to profitable and high growth markets, secure new contracts and renew existing client agreements. Demand for our services is cyclical and may be vulnerable
to sudden economic downturns and reductions in government and private industry spending, which may result in clients delaying, curtailing or canceling proposed and existing projects. Moreover, as a
professional services company, maintaining the high quality of the work generated by our employees is integral to our revenue generation and profitability.   

Our
costs consist primarily of the compensation we pay to our employees, including salaries, fringe benefits, the costs of hiring subcontractors, other project-related expenses and
sales, general and administrative costs.   

          We
define revenue provided by acquired companies as revenue included in the current period up to twelve months subsequent to their acquisition date. Throughout this section, we refer to
companies we acquired in the last twelve months as "acquired companies."   

          Commodity
price volatility has negatively impacted our oil and gas business especially in North American and other petro-dollar funded markets and we expect that existing and future
projects will be deferred, suspended or terminated.   

          In
December 2015, the federal legislation referred to as the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act (the FAST Act) was authorized. The FAST Act is a five-year federal program
expected to provide infrastructure spending on roads, bridges, and public transit and rail systems. While client spending patterns are likely to remain uneven, we expect that the passage of the FAST
Act will positively impact our transportation services business in the next several years.   

          Our
MS segment fiscal 2016 results benefited from favorable project, pension and legal resolutions, which we do not expect to repeat in fiscal 2017. Also, the MS segment wound down
several government projects in fiscal 2016, such as our contract to manage the Sellafield nuclear site in the United Kingdom, which could impact near-term performance.   

          We
expect to benefit from the return on a portion of our AECOM Capital investments in the next twelve months.   

          We
cannot determine if future climate change and greenhouse gas laws and policies, such as the United Nation's COP-21 Paris Agreement, will have a material impact on our business or our
clients' business; however, we expect future environmental laws and policies could negatively impact demand for   

  38  

Table of Contents   

  our
services related to fossil fuel projects and positively impact demand for our services related to environmental, infrastructure, nuclear and alternative energy projects.   

Acquisitions     

The aggregate value of all consideration for our acquisitions consummated during the year ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was
$5.5 million, $5,147.9 million, and $88.5 million, respectively.   

          All
of our acquisitions have been accounted for as business combinations and the results of operations of the acquired companies have been included in our consolidated results since the
dates of the acquisitions.   

Components of Income and Expense     

Revenue      

We generate revenue primarily by providing planning, consulting, architectural and engineering design services to commercial and government
clients around the world. Our revenue consists of both services provided by our employees and pass-through fees from subcontractors and other direct costs. We generally utilize a cost-to-cost approach
in applying the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition. Under this approach, revenue is earned in proportion to total costs incurred, divided by total costs expected to be incurred.   

Cost of Revenue      

Cost of revenue reflects the cost of our own personnel (including fringe benefits and overhead expense) associated with revenue.   

Amortization Expense of Acquired Intangible Assets      

Included in our cost of revenue is amortization of acquired intangible assets. We have ascribed value to identifiable intangible assets other
than goodwill in our purchase price allocations for companies we have acquired. These assets include, but are not limited to, backlog and customer relationships. To the extent we ascribe value to
identifiable intangible assets that have finite lives, we amortize those values over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Such amortization expense, although non-cash in the period expensed,
directly impacts our results of operations. It is difficult to predict with any precision the amount of expense we may record relating to acquired intangible assets.   

  39  

Table of Contents   

Equity in Earnings of Joint Ventures      

Equity in earnings of joint ventures includes our portion of fees charged by our unconsolidated joint ventures to clients for services performed
by us and other joint venture partners along with earnings we receive from investments in unconsolidated joint ventures.   

General and Administrative Expenses      

General and administrative expenses include corporate overhead expenses, including personnel, occupancy, and administrative expenses.   

Acquisition and Integration Expenses      

Acquisition and integration expenses are comprised of transaction costs, professional fees, and personnel costs, including due diligence and
integration activities, primarily related to the acquisition of URS Corporation.   

Goodwill Impairment      

See Critical Accounting Policies and Consolidated Results below.   

Income Tax (Benefit) Expense      

As a global enterprise, income tax (benefit)/expense and our effective tax rates can be affected by many factors, including changes in our
worldwide mix of pre-tax losses/earnings, the effect of non-controlling interest in income of consolidated subsidiaries, the extent to which the earnings are indefinitely reinvested outside of the
United States, our acquisition strategy, tax incentives and credits available to us, changes in judgment regarding the realizability of our deferred tax assets, changes in existing tax laws and our
assessment of uncertain tax positions. Our tax returns are routinely audited by the taxing authorities and settlements of issues raised in these audits can also sometimes affect our effective tax
rate.   

Critical Accounting Policies     

          Our financial statements are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). Highlighted
below are the accounting policies that management considers significant to understanding the operations of our business.   

Revenue Recognition      

We generally utilize a cost-to-cost approach in applying the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition, under which revenue is
earned in proportion to total costs incurred, divided by total costs expected to be incurred. Recognition of revenue and profit under this method is dependent upon a number of factors, including the
accuracy of a variety of estimates, including engineering progress, material quantities, the achievement of milestones, penalty provisions, labor productivity and cost estimates. Due to uncertainties
inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that actual completion costs may vary from estimates. If estimated total costs on contracts indicate a loss, we recognize that estimated loss in the
period the estimated loss first becomes known.   

Claims Recognition      

Claims are amounts in excess of the agreed contract price (or amounts not included in the original contract price) that we seek to collect from
customers or others for delays, errors in specifications and designs, contract terminations, change orders in dispute or unapproved contracts as to both scope and price or other causes of
unanticipated additional costs. We record contract revenue related to claims only if   

  40  

Table of Contents   

  it
is probable that the claim will result in additional contract revenue and if the amount can be reliably estimated. In such cases, we record revenue only to the extent that contract costs relating
to the claim have been incurred. The amounts recorded, if material, are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. Costs attributable to claims are treated as costs of contract performance as
incurred.   

Government Contract Matters      

Our federal government and certain state and local agency contracts are subject to, among other regulations, regulations issued under the
Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR). These regulations can limit the recovery of certain specified indirect costs on contracts and subject us to ongoing multiple audits by government agencies such
as the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA). In addition, most of our federal and state and local contracts are subject to termination at the discretion of the client.   

          Audits
by the DCAA and other agencies consist of reviews of our overhead rates, operating systems and cost proposals to ensure that we account for such costs in accordance with the Cost
Accounting Standards of the FAR (CAS). If the DCAA determines we have not accounted for such costs consistent with CAS, the DCAA may disallow these costs. There can be no assurance that audits by the
DCAA or other governmental agencies will not result in material cost disallowances in the future.   

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts      

We record accounts receivable net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. This allowance for doubtful accounts is estimated based on management's
evaluation of the contracts involved and the financial condition of our clients. The factors we consider in our contract evaluations include, but are not limited
to:  

Client type federal or state and local government or commercial client;   
            Historical contract performance;   
            Historical collection and delinquency trends;   
            Client credit worthiness; and   
            General economic conditions.    

Unbilled Accounts Receivable and Billings in Excess of Costs on Uncompleted Contracts      

Unbilled accounts receivable represents the contract revenue recognized but not yet billed pursuant to contract terms or accounts billed after
the period end.   

          Billings
in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts represent the billings to date, as allowed under the terms of a contract, but not yet recognized as contract revenue using the
percentage-of-completion accounting method.   

Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures      

We have noncontrolling interests in joint ventures accounted for under the equity method. Fees received for and the associated costs of services
performed by us and billed to joint ventures with respect to work done by us for third-party customers are recorded as our revenues and costs in the period in which such services are rendered. In
certain joint ventures, a fee is added to the respective billings from both ourselves and the other joint venture partners on the amounts billed to the third-party customers. These fees result in
earnings to the joint venture and are split with each of the joint venture partners and paid to the joint venture partners upon collection from the third-party customer. We record our allocated share
of these fees as equity in earnings of joint ventures.   

  41  

Table of Contents   

Income Taxes      

We provide for income taxes in accordance with principles contained in ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. Under these principles, we recognize the
amount of income tax payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements
or tax returns.   

          Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect
on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period when the new rate is
enacted. Deferred tax assets are evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that a portion will not be realized.   

          We
measure and recognize the amount of tax benefit that should be recorded for financial statement purposes for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
With respect to uncertain tax positions, we evaluate the recognized tax benefits for recognition, measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, interim period accounting and
disclosure requirements. Judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns.   

Valuation Allowance.       Deferred income taxes are provided on the liability method whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are
established for the
difference between the financial reporting and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as for tax attributes such as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and tax rates on the date of enactment of such changes to laws and tax rates.   

          Deferred
tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in our opinion, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. The
evaluation of the recoverability of the deferred tax asset requires the Company to weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some
portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. Whether a deferred tax asset may be
realized requires considerable judgment by us. In considering the need for a valuation allowance, we consider a number of factors including the nature, frequency, and severity of cumulative financial
reporting losses in recent years, the future reversal of existing temporary differences, predictability of future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences of the character necessary
to realize the asset, relevant carryforward periods, taxable income in carry-back years if carry-back is permitted under tax law, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that would be
implemented, if necessary, to protect against the loss of the deferred tax asset that would otherwise expire. Whether a deferred tax asset will ultimately be realized is also dependent on varying
factors, including, but not limited to, changes in tax laws and audits by tax jurisdictions in which we operate.   

          If
future changes in judgment regarding the realizability of our deferred tax assets lead us to determine that it is more likely than not that we will not realize all or part of our
deferred tax asset in the future, we will record an additional valuation allowance. Conversely, if a valuation allowance exists and we determine that the ultimate realizability of all or part of the
net deferred tax asset is more likely than not to be realized, then the amount of the valuation allowance will be reduced. This adjustment will increase or decrease income tax expense in the period of
such determination.   

            Undistributed Non-U.S. Earnings.       The results of our operations outside of the United States are
consolidated for financial reporting; however, earnings from investments in non-U.S. operations are included in domestic U.S. taxable income only when actually or constructively received. No deferred
taxes have been provided on the undistributed gross book-tax basis differences of our non-U.S. operations of approximately $1.6 billion because we have the ability to and intend to permanently
reinvest these basis   

  42  

Table of Contents   

  differences
overseas. If we were to repatriate these basis differences, additional taxes could be due at that time.   

          We
continually explore initiatives to better align our tax and legal entity structure with the footprint of our non-U.S. operations and we recognize the tax impact of these initiatives,
including changes in assessment of its uncertain tax positions, indefinite reinvestment exception assertions and realizability of deferred tax assets earliest in the period when management believes
all necessary internal and external approvals associated with such initiatives have been obtained, or when the initiatives are materially complete.   

Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets      

Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid over the fair value of net assets acquired from an acquisition. In order to determine the amount
of goodwill resulting from an acquisition, we perform an assessment to determine the value of the acquired company's tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities. In our assessment, we
determine whether identifiable intangible assets exist, which typically include backlog and customer relationships.   

          We
test goodwill for impairment annually for each reporting unit in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year, and between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change which suggest
that goodwill should be evaluated. Such events or circumstances include significant changes in legal factors and business climate, recent losses at a reporting unit, and industry trends, among other
factors. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. Our impairment tests are performed at the operating segment level as they represent our reporting
units.   

          The
impairment test is a two-step process. During the first step, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit using income and market approaches, and compare that amount to the
carrying value of
that reporting unit. In the event the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be less than the carrying value, a second step is required. The second step requires us to perform a
hypothetical purchase allocation for that reporting unit and to compare the resulting current implied fair value of the goodwill to the current carrying value of the goodwill for that reporting unit.
In the event that the current implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge is recognized.   

          During
the fourth quarter, we conduct our annual goodwill impairment test. The impairment evaluation process includes, among other things, making assumptions about variables such as
revenue growth rates, profitability, discount rates, and industry market multiples, which are subject to a high degree of judgment.   

          Material
assumptions used in the impairment analysis included the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) percent and terminal growth rates. For example, as of September 30, 2016,
a 1% increase in the WACC rate represents a $800 million decrease to the fair value of our reporting units. As of September 30, 2016, a 1% decrease in the terminal growth rate represents
a $400 million decrease to the fair value of our reporting units.   

Pension Benefit Obligations      

A number of assumptions are necessary to determine our pension liabilities and net periodic costs. These liabilities and net periodic costs are
sensitive to changes in those assumptions. The assumptions include discount rates, long-term rates of return on plan assets and inflation levels limited to the United Kingdom and are generally
determined based on the current economic environment in each host country at the end of each respective annual reporting period. We evaluate the funded status of each of our retirement plans using
these current assumptions and determine the appropriate funding level considering applicable regulatory requirements, tax deductibility, reporting considerations and other factors. Based upon current
assumptions, we expect to contribute $24 million to our international plans in fiscal 2017. We have a required minimum contribution of $0.4 million for one of our U.S. qualified plans.
In addition, we   

  43  

Table of Contents   

  may
make additional discretionary contributions. We currently expect to contribute $9.8 million to our U.S. plans (including benefit payments to nonqualified plans and postretirement medical
plans) in fiscal 2017. If the discount rate was reduced by 25 basis points, plan liabilities would increase by approximately $93.3 million. If the discount rate and return on plan assets were
reduced by 25 basis
points, plan expense would decrease by approximately $0.1 million and increase by approximately $3.2 million, respectively. If inflation increased by 25 basis points, plan liabilities in
the United Kingdom would increase by approximately $45.8 million and plan expense would increase by approximately $2.7 million.   

At
each measurement date, all assumptions are reviewed and adjusted as appropriate. With respect to establishing the return on assets assumption, we consider the long term capital market
expectations for each asset class held as an investment by the various pension plans. In addition to expected returns for each asset class, we take into account standard deviation of returns and
correlation between asset classes. This is necessary in order to generate a distribution of possible returns which reflects diversification of assets. Based on this information, a distribution of
possible returns is generated based on the plan's target asset allocation.   

          Capital
market expectations for determining the long term rate of return on assets are based on forward-looking assumptions which reflect a 20-year view of the capital markets. In
establishing those capital market assumptions and expectations, we rely on the assistance of our actuaries and our investment consultants. We and the plan trustees review whether changes to the
various plans' target asset allocations are appropriate. A change in the plans' target asset allocations would likely result in a change in the expected return on asset assumptions. In assessing a
plan's asset allocation strategy, we and the plan trustees consider factors such as the structure of the plan's liabilities, the plan's funded status, and the impact of the asset allocation to the
volatility of the plan's funded status, so that the overall risk level resulting from our defined benefit plans is appropriate within our risk management strategy.   

          Between
September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, the aggregate worldwide pension deficit increased from $572.6 million to $696.1 million. Although funding
rules are subject to local laws and regulations and vary by location, we expect to reduce this deficit over a period of 7 to 10 years. If the various plans do not experience future investment
gains to reduce this shortfall, the deficit will be reduced by additional contributions.   

Accrued Professional Liability Costs      

We carry professional liability insurance policies or self-insure for our initial layer of professional liability claims under our professional
liability insurance policies and for a deductible for each claim even after exceeding the self-insured retention. We accrue for our portion of the estimated ultimate liability for the estimated
potential incurred losses. We establish our estimate of loss for each potential claim in consultation with legal counsel handling the specific matters and based on historic trends taking into account
recent events. We also use an outside actuarial firm to assist us in estimating our future claims exposure. It is possible that our estimate of loss may be revised based on the actual or revised
estimate of liability of the claims.   

Foreign Currency Translation      

Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Results of operations for foreign entities are translated to U.S. dollars using the average exchange
rates during the period. Assets and liabilities for foreign entities are translated using the exchange rates in effect as of the date of the balance sheet. Resulting translation adjustments are
recorded as a foreign currency translation adjustment into other accumulated comprehensive income/(loss) in stockholders' equity.   

          We
limit exposure to foreign currency fluctuations in most of our contracts through provisions that require client payments in currencies corresponding to the currency in which costs are
incurred. As a result of this natural hedge, we generally do not need to hedge foreign currency cash flows for contract work performed. However, we will use foreign exchange derivative financial
instruments from time to time to mitigate foreign currency risk. The functional currency of all significant foreign operations is the respective local currency.   

  44  

Table of Contents   

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015             

Consolidated Results      

*    NM Not
meaningful     

The
following table presents the percentage relationship of certain items to revenue:   

45  

Table of Contents    

Revenue      

Our revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016 decreased $579.1 million, or 3.2%, to $17,410.8 million as compared to
$17,989.9 million for the corresponding period last year. Revenue provided by acquired companies was $302.0 million. Excluding the revenue provided by acquired companies, revenue
decreased $881.1 million, or 4.9%, from the year ended September 30, 2015.   

          The
decrease in revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to a decrease in our DCS segment of $307.1 million, a decrease in our MS segment of
$96.6 million, and a decrease in our CS segment of $175.4 million, as discussed further below.   

In
the course of providing our services, we routinely subcontract for services and incur other direct costs on behalf of our clients. These costs are passed through to clients and, in
accordance with industry practice and GAAP, are included in our revenue and cost of revenue. Because subcontractor and other direct costs can change significantly from project to project and period to
period, changes in revenue may not be indicative of business trends. Subcontractor and other direct costs for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $8.4 billion and
$8.3 billion, respectively. Subcontractor costs and other direct costs as a percentage of revenue, increased to 48% during the year ended September 30, 2016 from 46% during the year
ended September 30, 2015 due to increased construction of high-rise buildings and sports arenas in our CS segment, as discussed below.   

Gross Profit      

Our gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2016 increased $107.6 million, or 20.1%, to $642.8 million as compared to
$535.2 million for the corresponding period last year. For the year ended September 30, 2016, gross profit, as a percentage of revenue, increased to 3.7% from 3.0% in the year ended
September 30, 2015.   

          Billings
in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts includes a margin fair value liability associated with long-term contracts acquired in connection with the acquisition of URS on
October 17, 2014. Revenue and the related income from operations related to the margin fair value liability recognized during the year ended September 30, 2016 was $37.2 million,
compared with $96.9 million during the year ended September 30, 2015. This amount was offset by a decrease in amortization of intangible assets of $183.3 million during the year
ended September 30, 2016, compared with $361.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2015.   

          Gross
profit changes were also due to the reasons noted in DCS, CS and MS Reportable Segments below.   

Equity in Earnings of Joint Ventures      

Our equity in earnings of joint ventures for the year ended September 30, 2016 was $104.0 million as compared to
$106.2 million in the corresponding period last year.   

          The
decrease in earnings of joint ventures for the year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to decreased earnings from a United Kingdom nuclear cleanup project.   

General and Administrative Expenses      

Our general and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016 increased $1.1 million, or 1.0%, to
$115.1 million as compared to $114.0 million for the corresponding period last year. As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses was 0.7% for each of the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

  46  

Table of Contents   

Acquisition and Integration Expenses      

Acquisition and integration expenses, resulting from the acquisition of URS, were comprised of the following (in millions):   

Severance
and personnel costs above include employee termination costs related to reduction-in-force initiatives as a result of the integration of URS. Real estate expenses relate to
costs incurred to exit redundant facilities as a result of the URS integration. Professional services and other expenses relate to integration activities such as consolidating and implementing our IT
platforms. The severance, real estate, and other disposal activities commenced upon the acquisition of URS and are expected to result in estimated annual costs savings of approximately
$325 million by the end of fiscal 2017.   

          As
of September 30, 2016, our annual run-rate was approximately $290 million in cost savings. Incremental cost savings to achieve our $325 million cost savings
target are expected to come primarily from non-labor cost savings. As of September 30, 2016, we had realized approximately $200 million in cumulative labor-related cost savings and
approximately $160 million in cumulative real estate-related and all other non-labor cost savings. These cost savings are materially consistent with our prior expectations with respect to
amounts and timing.   

Loss on Disposal Activities      

Loss on disposal activities of $42.6 million in the accompanying statements of operations for the year ended September 30, 2016
included losses on the disposition of non-core energy related businesses, equipment and other assets acquired with URS within the CS segment, which were substantially completed in the quarter ended
December 31, 2015.   

Other Income      

Our other income for the year ended September 30, 2016 decreased $10.9 million to $8.2 million as compared to
$19.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2015.   

          The
decrease in other income for the year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the sale of an infrastructure fund in the prior period.   

Interest Expense      

Our interest expense for the year ended September 30, 2016 was $258.1 million as compared to $299.6 million for the year
ended September 30, 2015.   

          The
decrease in interest expense for the year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the absence of a $55.6 million penalty upon prepayment of unsecured senior notes
paid in the prior fiscal year.   

Income Tax Benefit      

Our income tax benefit for the year ended September 30, 2016 was $37.9 million compared to $80.3 million for the year ended
September 30, 2015. The effective tax rate was (30.2)% and (53.0)% for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

  47  

Table of Contents   

A
comparison of the income tax benefit for the year ended September 30, 2016 to the prior year is not meaningful due to the presence of a pretax loss in the prior year compared to
the year ended September 30, 2016, a change in mix of pretax (loss)/income, and due to the change in judgment regarding realizability of certain deferred tax assets in the United Kingdom and
Australia during the current year.   

          On
December 18, 2015, President Obama signed    The Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act    into law. This legislation extended
various temporary tax provisions expiring on December 31, 2015, including the permanent extension of the United States federal research credit. We recognized a discrete net benefit in the first
quarter of 2016 and 2015 for $10.1 million and $19.4 million, respectively, attributable to the retroactive impact of the extended provisions.   

          Based
on a review of positive and negative evidence available to us, we have previously recorded valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets in the United Kingdom, Canada and
Australia to reduce them to the amount that in our judgment is more likely than not realizable.   

          Certain
valuation allowances in the amount of $23.3 million in the United Kingdom have been released due to sufficient positive evidence obtained during the third quarter of 2016.
We evaluated the new positive evidence against any negative evidence and determined the valuation allowance was no longer necessary. This new positive evidence includes reaching a position of
cumulative income over a three year period and the use of net operating losses on a taxable basis. In addition, our United Kingdom affiliate has strong projected earnings in the United Kingdom.   

          During
the third quarter of 2016, our Australian affiliate made an election in Australia to combine the tax results of the URS Australia business with the AECOM Australia business. This
election resulted in the ability to utilize the URS Australia businesses' deferred tax assets against the combined future earnings of the Australian group and accordingly, the valuation allowance of
$12.9 million was released.   

          Given
the current and forecasted earnings trend, and anticipated coming out of cumulative losses in recent years for the remainder of our legal entities in the United Kingdom, sufficient
positive evidence in the form of sustained earnings may become available in 2017 to release all (approximately $38 million) or a portion of the related valuation allowance in the United Kingdom
for those remaining legal entities. A reversal could result in a significant benefit to tax expense in the quarter released.   

          Certain
operations in Canada continue to have losses and the associated valuation allowances could be reduced if and when our current and forecast profits trend turns and sufficient
evidence exists to support the release of the related valuation allowance (approximately $12 million).   

We
regularly integrate and consolidate our business operations and legal entity structure, and such internal initiatives could impact the assessment of uncertain tax positions,
indefinite reinvestment assertions and the realizability of deferred tax assets.   

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to AECOM      

The factors described above resulted in the net income attributable to AECOM of $96.1 million for the year ended September 30,
2016, as compared to the net loss attributable to AECOM of $154.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2015.   

  48  

Table of Contents   

Results of Operations by Reportable Segment      

Design and Consulting Services      

The
following table presents the percentage relationship of certain items to revenue:   

Revenue      

Revenue for our DCS segment for the year ended September 30, 2016 decreased $307.1 million, or 3.9%, to $7,655.8 million as
compared to $7,962.9 million for the corresponding period last year. Revenue provided by acquired companies was $119.2 million. Excluding revenue provided by acquired companies, revenue
decreased $426.3 million, or 5.4%, from the year ended September 30, 2015.   

          The
decrease in revenue, excluding revenue provided by acquired companies, for the year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to a negative foreign currency impact
of $200 million, mostly due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Australian and Canadian dollars and the British pound. Additionally, we experienced a decrease in the Europe,
Middle East, and Africa region of approximately $120 million and in the Americas region of approximately $90 million across its end markets, including the transportation, water, and
environment segments due to a decrease in public spending on capital projects.   

Gross Profit      

Gross profit for our DCS segment for the year ended September 30, 2016 increased $83.2 million, or 27.8%, to $382.5 million
as compared to $299.3 million for the corresponding period last year. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit increased to 5.0% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016 from
3.8% in the corresponding period last year.   

          The
increase in gross profit and gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to decreased intangible amortization
expense, net of the margin fair value adjustment of $71.7 million, primarily from URS.   

  49  

Table of Contents   

Construction Services      

The
following table presents the percentage relationship of certain items to revenue:   

Revenue      

Revenue for our CS segment for the year ended September 30, 2016 decreased $175.4 million, or 2.6%, to $6,501.3 million as
compared to $6,676.7 million for the corresponding period last year. Revenue provided by acquired companies was $90.8 million. Excluding revenue provided by acquired companies, revenue
decreased $266.2 million, or 4.0%, from the year ended September 30, 2015.   

          The
decrease in revenue, excluding the impact of revenue provided by acquired companies, for the year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to decreased revenue of
approximately $600 million primarily driven by weak oil and gas markets in the Americas, $200 million from disposed businesses, and a negative foreign currency impact of
$30 million, mostly due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar. These decreases were partially offset by approximately $570 million in increased revenue due
to the construction of residential high-rise buildings in the city of New York and the construction of sports arenas in the Americas.   

Gross Profit      

Gross profit for our CS segment for the year ended September 30, 2016 decreased $11.7 million, or 27.3%, to $31.1 million
as compared to $42.8 million for the corresponding period last year. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit decreased to 0.5% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016 from 0.6%
in the corresponding period last year.   

          The
decrease in gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to weak oil and gas markets in the Americas and a decline in award fees on power projects in
the Americas, partially offset by decreased intangible amortization expense, net of the margin fair value adjustment of $24 million and favorable resolution of an acquisition related project
matter of approximately $8 million for the year ended September 30, 2016.   

  50  

Table of Contents   

Management Services      

The
following table presents the percentage relationship of certain items to revenue:   

Revenue      

Revenue for our MS segment for the year ended September 30, 2016 decreased $96.6 million, or 2.9%, to $3,253.7 million as
compared to $3,350.3 million for the corresponding period last year. Revenue provided by acquired companies was $92.0 million. Excluding revenue provided by acquired companies, revenue
decreased $188.6 million, or 5.6%, from the year ended September 30, 2015.   

          The
decrease in revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to decreased services provided to the U.S. government in the Middle East and reduced revenue from
chemical demilitarization projects for the Department of Defense, partially offset by the expected recovery of a pension related entitlement as discussed below.   

Gross Profit      

Gross profit for our MS segment for the year ended September 30, 2016 increased $36.1 million, or 18.7%, to $229.2 million
as compared to $193.1 million for the corresponding period last year. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit increased to 7.0% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016 from
5.8% in the corresponding period last year.   

          Gross
profit and gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016 benefited by approximately $50 million from the expected accelerated recovery
of a pension related entitlement from the federal government, approximately $30 million from the reduction of acquisition related liabilities pertaining to the reassessment of legal matters
associated with Department of Energy (DOE) nuclear sites, and $16 million of other favorable adjustments from acquisition related project and legal matters. Additionally, the increase was due
to a performance incentive of $27 million related to an ongoing DOE contract and a $23 million decrease in intangible amortization expense, net of the margin fair value adjustment. These
increases were partially offset by approximately $40 million in reduced award fees from chemical demilitarization projects for the DOD, approximately $40 million of reduced gross profit
from services for the U.S government related to the Affordable Care Act and activities in the Middle East, and approximately $10 million from the favorable resolution of a project related
liability in Libya in the prior year.   

  51  

Table of Contents   

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014             

Consolidated Results      

The
following table presents the percentage relationship of certain items to revenue:   

Revenue      

Our revenue for the year ended September 30, 2015 increased $9,633.1 million, or 115.3%, to $17,989.9 million as compared
to $8,356.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. Revenue   

  52  

Table of Contents   

  provided
by acquired companies was $9,635.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. Excluding the revenue provided by acquired companies, revenue decreased $2.3 million, or
0.0%, from the year ended September 30, 2014.   

          The
decrease in revenue, excluding acquired companies, for the year ended September 30, 2015 was primarily attributable to a negative foreign currency impact of
$260 million due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Australian and Canadian dollars and the British pound, coupled with a decrease in the DCS Americas region of
$220 million across its end markets, a decrease in the MS segment of $148.8 million, excluding acquired companies, and a decrease in the DCS Asia Pacific region of approximately
$110 million. These decreases were offset by an increase in the CS segment of
$639.4 million primarily from construction management services provided on high-rise buildings in the city of New York, and an increase in the DCS Europe, Middle East, and Africa region of
approximately $100 million.   

          In
the course of providing our services, we routinely subcontract for services and incur other direct costs on behalf of our clients. These costs are passed through to clients and, in
accordance with industry practice and GAAP, are included in our revenue and cost of revenue. Because subcontractor and other direct costs can change significantly from project to project and period to
period, changes in revenue may not always be indicative of business trends. Subcontractor and other direct costs for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014 were $8.3 billion and
$3.5 billion, respectively. Subcontractor costs and other direct costs as a percentage of revenue, increased from 42% during the year ended September 30, 2014 to 46% during the year
ended September 30, 2015 because URS has proportionately more construction oriented projects, and these projects utilize more subcontractors.   

Gross Profit      

Our gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2015 increased $132.0 million, or 32.7%, to $535.2 million as compared to
$403.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. Gross profit provided by acquired companies was $206.3 million. For the year ended September 30, 2015, gross profit,
as a percentage of revenue, decreased to 3.0% from 4.8% in the year ended September 30, 2014. Excluding gross profit provided by acquired companies, gross profit decreased $74.3 million,
or 18.4%, from the year ended September 30, 2014.   

          The
decreases in gross profit, excluding acquired companies, and gross profit, as a percentage of revenue, for the year ended September 30, 2015 were primarily due to factors
impacting our segments as described below, including a decrease in revenue in the Americas region in our DCS segment.   

Equity in Earnings of Joint Ventures      

Our equity in earnings of joint ventures for the year ended September 30, 2015 was $106.2 million as compared to
$57.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. Equity in earnings of joint ventures provided by acquired companies was $80.1 million. Excluding earnings provided by acquired
companies, earnings decreased $31.8 million, or 54.8%, from the year ended September 30, 2014.   

          The
decrease in earnings of joint ventures for the year ended September 30, 2015, excluding acquisitions, was primarily due to the prior year $37.4 million gain on change
in control of an unconsolidated joint venture that performs engineering and program management services in the Middle East and is included in our DCS segment. The gain related to the excess of fair
value over the carrying value of the previously held equity interest in the unconsolidated joint venture. The gain on change in control was partially offset by an impairment of an unrelated joint
venture investment.   

General and Administrative Expenses      

Our general and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2015 increased $33.1 million, or 40.9%, to
$114.0 million as compared to $80.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses decreased to 0.7% for the year
ended September 30, 2015 from 1.0% for the year ended September 30, 2014.   

  53  

Table of Contents    

          The increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to increased personnel and related costs
associated with the acquisition of URS.   

Acquisition and Integration Expenses      

Acquisition and integration expenses, resulting from the acquisition of URS, were comprised of the following (in millions):   

Other Income      

Our other income for the year ended September 30, 2015 increased $16.4 million to $19.1 million as compared to
$2.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2014.   

          The
increase in other income for the year ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to the sale of an infrastructure fund investment.   

Interest Expense      

Our interest expense for the year ended September 30, 2015 was $299.6 million as compared to $40.8 million for the year
ended September 30, 2014.   

          The
increase in interest expense for the year ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to a $55.6 million penalty upon prepayment of unsecured senior notes, the increase
in interest expense generated by the Company's $3.8 billion increase in debt incurred in connection the acquisition of URS, and the write-off of capitalized debt issuance costs from our
previous debt facilities.   

Income Tax (Benefit) Expense      

Our income tax benefit for the year ended September 30, 2015 was $80.3 million compared to income tax expense of
$82.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. The effective tax rate was (53.0)% and 26.1% for the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively.   

          The
decrease in income tax expense for the year ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to $29.3 million of the effect of non-controlling interests in income of
consolidated subsidiaries from the acquisition of URS, $160 million of a change in the geographical mix of earnings/losses primarily attributable to the acquisition and integration costs
incurred in the United States which attracts a
higher tax rate than our foreign jurisdictions, $5.7 million of energy-related and other tax incentives, and an incremental tax benefit of $8.3 million related to the reinstatement of
expiring tax provisions such as the research and development tax credit during the period, partially offset by a $23.7 million increase in valuation allowances regarding realizability of
certain current year foreign losses, and an $11.7 million decrease in the domestic production activities deduction.   

Net (Loss) Income Attributable to AECOM      

The factors described above resulted in the net loss attributable to AECOM of $154.8 million for the year ended September 30,
2015, as compared to the net income attributable to AECOM of $229.9 million   

  54  

Table of Contents   

  for
the year ended September 30, 2014. This decrease was primarily due to the acquisition and integration expenses of $398.4 million associated with the URS Corporation acquisition.   

Results of Operations by Reportable Segment      

Design and Consulting Services      

The
following table presents the percentage relationship of certain items to revenue:   

Revenue      

Revenue for our DCS segment for the year ended September 30, 2015 increased $2,519.8 million, or 46.3%, to $7,962.9 million
as compared to $5,443.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. Revenue provided by acquired companies was $3,012.7 million. Excluding revenue provided by acquired
companies, revenue decreased $492.9 million, or 9.1%, from the year ended September 30, 2014.   

          The
decrease in revenue, excluding acquired companies, for the year ended September 30, 2015 was primarily attributable to a negative foreign currency impact of
$260 million mostly due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Australian and Canadian dollars and the British pound. Additionally, we experienced a decrease in the Americas region
of $220 million across its end markets, including the transportation, water, and environment segments due to a decrease in public spending on capital projects, and a decrease in the Asia
Pacific region of approximately $110 million due to an economic slowdown in mainland China. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa region of
approximately $100 million due to the recovery and strengthening of economic conditions in Europe and the Middle East.   

Gross Profit      

Gross profit for our DCS segment for the year ended September 30, 2015 decreased $31.0 million, or 9.4%, to $299.3 million
as compared to $330.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. Gross profit provided by acquired companies was $48.0 million. Excluding gross profit provided by acquired
companies, gross profit decreased $79.0 million, or 23.9%, from the year ended September 30, 2014. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit decreased to 3.8% of revenue for the year
ended September 30, 2015 from 6.1% for the year ended September 30, 2014.   

          The
decrease in gross profit and gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2015 was primarily attributable to a decrease in revenue in the Americas
region as discussed above. Specifically. as a result of the revenue decline, we experienced declines in profitability primarily   

  55  

Table of Contents   

  within
our transportation, water, and environmental-related projects in the Americas. Additionally, the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of revenue was due to fixed costs in the Americas,
including indirect labor, office lease, and business development costs, that did not decrease proportionately with revenue. Also, the decreases in gross profit and gross profit as a percentage of
revenue were partly attributable to an approximately $12 million benefit recognized in the prior year from the collection of a previously reserved Americas design services-related project
receivable.   

          Billings
in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts includes a margin fair value liability associated with long-term contracts acquired in connection with the acquisition of URS on
October 17, 2014. Revenue and the related income from operations related to the margin fair value liability recognized during the year ended September 30, 2015, since the acquisition
date, was $45.0 million. This amount was offset by amortization of intangible assets relating to URS of $180.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2015 since the
acquisition date.   

Construction Services      

The
following table presents the percentage relationship of certain items to revenue:   

Revenue      

Revenue for our CS segment for the year ended September 30, 2015 increased $4,672.4 million, or 233.1%, to $6,676.7 million
as compared to $2,004.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. Revenue provided by acquired companies was $4,033.0 million. Excluding revenue provided by acquired
companies, revenue increased $639.4 million, or 31.9%, from the year ended September 30, 2014.   

          The
increase in revenue, excluding revenue provided by acquired companies, for the year ended September 30, 2015 was primarily attributable to construction management services
provided on high-rise buildings in the city of New York. Revenues provided by acquired companies in the year ended September 30, 2015 were negatively impacted by weak oil, gas, and power
trends.   

Gross Profit      

Gross profit for our CS segment for the year ended September 30, 2015 increased $13.5 million, or 46.1%, to $42.8 million
as compared to $29.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. Gross profit provided by acquired companies was $6.8 million. Excluding gross profit provided by acquired
companies, gross profit increased $6.7 million, or 23.0%, from the year ended September 30, 2014. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit decreased to 0.6% of revenue for the year ended
September 30, 2015 from 1.5% for the year ended September 30, 2014.   

  56  

Table of Contents   

Management Services      

The
following table presents the percentage relationship of certain items to revenue:   

Revenue      

Revenue for our MS segment for the year ended September 30, 2015 increased $2,440.9 million, or 268.4%, to $3,350.3 million
as compared to $909.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. Revenue provided by acquired companies was $2,589.7 million. Excluding revenue provided by acquired companies,
revenue decreased $148.8 million, or 16.4%, from the year ended September 30, 2014.   

          The
decrease in revenue, excluding revenue provided by acquired companies, for the year ended September 30, 2015 was primarily due to decreased services provided to the U.S.
government in the Middle East and Africa.   

Gross Profit      

Gross profit for our MS segment for the year ended September 30, 2015 was $193.1 million as compared to $43.6 million for
the year ended September 30, 2014. Gross profit provided by acquired companies was $151.5 million. Excluding gross profit provided by acquired companies, gross profit decreased
$2.0 million, or 4.6%, from the year ended September 30, 2014. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit increased to 5.8% of revenue for the year ended September 30, 2015 from
4.8% for the year ended September 30, 2014.   

Seasonality     

          We experience seasonal trends in our business. Our revenue is typically higher in the last half of the fiscal year. The fourth quarter of our
fiscal year (July 1 to September 30) is typically our strongest quarter. We find that the U.S. Federal Government tends to authorize more work during the period preceding the end of our
fiscal year, September 30. In addition, many U.S. state governments with fiscal years ending on June 30 tend to accelerate spending during their first quarter, when new funding becomes
available. Further, our construction management revenue typically increases during the high construction season of the summer months. Within the United States, as well as other parts of the world, our
business generally benefits from milder weather conditions in our fiscal fourth quarter, which allows for more productivity from our on-site civil services. Our construction and project management
services also typically expand during the high construction season of the summer months. The first quarter of our fiscal year (October 1 to December 31) is typically our weakest quarter.
The
harsher weather conditions impact our ability to complete work in parts of North America and the holiday season schedule affects our productivity during   

  57  

Table of Contents   

  this
period. For these reasons, coupled with the number and significance of client contracts commenced and completed during a particular period, as well as the timing of expenses incurred for
corporate initiatives, it is not unusual for us to experience seasonal changes or fluctuations in our quarterly operating results.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources     

Cash Flow      

Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, borrowings under our credit facilities, and access to financial markets. Our
principal uses of cash are operating expenses, capital expenditures, working capital requirements, acquisitions, and repayment of debt. We believe our anticipated sources of liquidity including
operating cash flows, existing cash and cash equivalents, borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility and our ability to issue debt or equity, if required, will be sufficient to meet our
projected cash requirements for at least the next 12 months.   

          Generally,
we do not provide for U.S. taxes or foreign withholding taxes on gross book-tax basis differences in our non-U.S. subsidiaries because such basis differences are able to and
intended to be reinvested indefinitely. Determination of the amount of any unrecognized deferred income tax liability on this temporary difference is not practicable because of the complexities of the
hypothetical calculation. We have a deferred tax liability in the amount of $113.2 million relating to certain foreign subsidiaries for which the basis difference is not intended to be
reinvested indefinitely as part of the liabilities assumed in connection with the acquisition of URS. Based on the available sources of cash flows discussed above, we anticipate we will continue to
have the ability to permanently reinvest these remaining amounts.   

          At
September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents were $692.1 million, an increase of $8.2 million, or 1.2%, from $683.9 million at September 30, 2015.
The increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily attributable to cash provided by operating activities and proceeds from the disposal of business and property and equipment, partially offset by
net repayments of borrowings under credit agreements, payments for capital expenditures, net distributions to noncontrolling interest, and investment in unconsolidated joint ventures.   

Net
cash provided by operating activities was $814.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $49.8 million, or 6.5%, from $764.4 million
for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to the timing of receipts and payments of working capital, which include accounts receivable, accounts payable,
accrued expenses, and billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts. The sale of trade receivables to financial institutions during the year ended September 30, 2016 provided a net
benefit of $120.1 million as compared to $108.9 million during the year ended September 30, 2015. We expect to continue to sell trade receivables in the future as long as the
terms continue to remain favorable to the Company.   

          Net
cash used in investing activities was $162.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net cash used in investing activities of
$3,345.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. This change was primarily attributable to the payments for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired during the three months
ended December 31, 2014 related to the acquisition of URS as more fully described in Note 3 to the accompanying financial statements. Payments for this acquisition included cash paid to
stockholders and the payment of URS debt.   

          Net
cash used in financing activities was $638.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net cash provided by financing activities of
$2,719.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. This change was primarily attributable to debt issued to finance the acquisition of URS during the three months ended
December 31, 2014, as more fully described in Note 8 to the accompanying financial statements. Approximately $180.1 million of our URS 3.85% Senior Notes are due in April 2017 and
we   

  58  

Table of Contents   

  expect
to pay off the notes from cash flow from operations, borrowings under our Credit Agreement or capital market financings.   

URS Financing and Acquisition and Integration Expenses      

During year ended September 30, 2016, we incurred approximately $183.3 million amortization of intangible assets expense
(including the effects of amortization included in equity in earnings of joint ventures and noncontrolling interests), and approximately $213.6 million of acquisition and integration expenses.
During the year ended September 30, 2015, acquisition related financing expenses were recognized in interest expense and primarily consisted of a pre-payment penalty of $55.6 million,
from the repayment of our unsecured senior notes, and $9.0 million related to the write-off of capitalized debt issuance costs from our unsecured senior notes, and secured 2014 Credit
Agreement. Acquisition and integration expenses comprised of the following (in millions):   

We
expect to incur approximately $95 million of amortization of intangible assets expense (including the effects of amortization included in equity in earnings of joint ventures
and noncontrolling interests), and approximately $30 million of acquisition and integration expenses in fiscal 2017.   

Working Capital      

Working capital, or current assets less current liabilities, decreased $714.0 million, or 50.6%, to $696.0 million at
September 30, 2016 from $1,410.0 million at September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to the adoption of accounting guidance resulting in a reclassification of net
current deferred tax assets and net current deferred tax liabilities to net non-current deferred tax assets and net non-current deferred tax liabilities and an increase in current portion of long-term
debt due to the maturity of the 2017 URS Senior Notes in April 2017. Net accounts receivable, which includes billed and unbilled costs and fees, net of billings in excess of costs on uncompleted
contracts, decreased $288.1 million, or 6.9%, to $3,899.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $4,187.6 million at September 30, 2015.   

          Days
Sales Outstanding (DSO), which includes accounts receivable, net of billings in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts, and excludes the effects of recent acquisitions, was
82 days at September 30, 2016 compared to 82 days at September 30, 2015.   

          In
Note 4, Accounts Receivable Net, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, a comparative analysis of the various components of accounts receivable is
provided. Substantially all unbilled receivables are expected to be billed and collected within twelve months.   

Unbilled
receivables related to claims are recorded only if it is probable that the claim will result in additional contract revenue and if the amount can be reliably estimated. In such
cases, revenue is recorded only to the extent that contract costs relating to the claim have been incurred. Other than as disclosed, there are no material net receivables related to contract claims as
of September 30, 2016 and 2015. Award fees in unbilled receivables are accrued only when there is sufficient information to assess contract performance. On contracts that represent higher than
normal risk or technical difficulty, award fees are generally deferred until an award fee letter is received.   

  59  

Table of Contents   

          Because
our revenue depends to a great extent on billable labor hours, most of our charges are invoiced following the end of the month in which the hours were worked, the majority
usually within 15 days. Other direct costs are normally billed along with labor hours. However, as opposed to salary costs, which are generally paid on either a bi-weekly or monthly basis,
other direct costs are generally not paid until payment is received (in some cases, in the form of advances) from the customers.   

Debt      

Debt consisted of the following:   

The
following table presents, in millions, our scheduled maturities as of September 30, 2016:   

2014 Credit Agreement     

We entered into a credit agreement (Credit Agreement) on October 17, 2014, as amended, consisting of (i) a term loan A facility in
an aggregate principal amount of $1.925 billion, (ii) a term loan B facility in an aggregate principal amount of $0.76 billion and (iii) a revolving credit facility in an
aggregate principal amount of $1.05 billion. These facilities under the Credit Agreement may be increased by an additional amount of up to $500 million. The Credit Agreement's term
extends to September 29, 2021 with respect to the revolving credit facility and the term loan A facility and October 17, 2021 with respect to the term loan B facility. Some subsidiaries
of the Company (Guarantors) have guaranteed the obligations of the borrowers under the Credit Agreement. The borrowers' obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a lien on substantially
all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors pursuant to a security and pledge agreement (Security Agreement). The collateral under the Security Agreement is subject to release upon fulfillment
of certain conditions specified in the Credit Agreement and Security Agreement.   

          The
Credit Agreement contains covenants that limit our ability and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist liens;
(ii) incur or guarantee indebtedness; (iii) pay dividends or repurchase stock; (iv) enter into transactions with affiliates; (v) consummate asset   

  60  

Table of Contents   

  sales,
acquisitions or mergers; (vi) enter into certain types of burdensome agreements; or (vii) make investments.   

          On
July 1, 2015, the Credit Agreement was amended to revise the definition of "Consolidated EBITDA" to increase the allowance for acquisition and integration expenses related to
the acquisition of URS.   

          On
December 22, 2015, the Credit Agreement was amended to further revise the definition of "Consolidated EBITDA" by further increasing the allowance for acquisition and
integration expenses related to the acquisition of URS and to allow for an internal corporate restructuring primarily involving our international subsidiaries.   

On
September 29, 2016, the Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement were amended to (1) lower the applicable interest rate margins for the term loan A and the revolving
credit facilities, and lower
the applicable letter of credit fees and commitment fees to the revised consolidated leverage levels; (2) extend the term of the term loan A and the revolving credit facility to
September 29, 2021; (3) add a new delayed draw term loan A facility tranche in the amount of $185.0 million; (4) replace the then existing $500 million performance
letter of credit facility with a $500 million basket to enter into secured letters of credit outside the Credit Agreement; and (5) revise certain covenants, including the Maximum
Consolidated Leverage Ratio so that the step down from a 5.00 to a 4.75 leverage ratio is effective as of March 31, 2017 as well as the investment basket for our AECOM Capital business.   

          Under
the Credit Agreement, we are subject to a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio at the end of each fiscal quarter. Our Consolidated
Leverage Ratio was 4.3 at September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the covenants of the Credit Agreement.   

          At
September 30, 2016 and 2015, outstanding standby letters of credit totaled $92.3 million and $92.5 million, respectively, under our revolving credit facilities.
As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had $888.4 million and $947.6 million, respectively, available under our revolving credit facility.   

2014 Senior Notes     

On October 6, 2014, we completed a private placement offering of $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of our 5.750% Senior Notes due
2022 (2022 Notes) and $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of our 5.875% Senior Notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes and, together with the 2022 Notes, the 2014 Senior Notes or Notes).   

          As
of September 30, 2016, the estimated fair market value of our 2014 Senior Notes was approximately $838.0 million for the 2022 Notes and $850.0 million for the
2024 Notes. The fair value of the Notes as of September 30, 2016 was derived by taking the mid-point of the trading prices from an observable market input (Level 2) in the secondary bond
market and multiplying it by the outstanding balance of its Notes.   

          At
any time prior to October 15, 2017, we may redeem all or part of the 2022 Notes, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus a "make whole" premium as
of the redemption date, and accrued and unpaid interest (subject to the rights of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date). In
addition, at any time prior to October 15, 2017, we may redeem up to 35% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes with the proceeds of one or more equity offerings, at a
redemption price equal to 105.750%, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Furthermore, at any time on or after October 15, 2017, we may redeem the 2022 Notes, in whole or in part, at once or over
time, at the specified redemption prices plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. At any time prior to July 15, 2024, we
may redeem on one or more occasions all or part of the 2024 Notes at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus (ii) a "make-whole" premium as
of the date of the redemption, plus any accrued and   

  61  

Table of Contents   

  unpaid
interest to the date of redemption. In addition, on or after July 15, 2024, the 2024 Notes may be redeemed at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and
unpaid interest to the date of redemption.   

          The
indenture pursuant to which the 2014 Senior Notes were issued contains customary events of default, including, among other things, payment default, exchange default, failure to
provide certain notices thereunder and certain provisions related to bankruptcy events. The indenture also contains customary negative covenants.   

          In
connection with the offering of the Notes, the Company and the Guarantors entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2014 to exchange the Notes for
registered notes having terms substantially identical in all material respects (except certain transfer restrictions, registration rights and additional interest provisions relating to the Notes will
not apply to the registered notes). We filed an initial registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC on July 6, 2015 that was declared effective by the SEC on September 29,
2015. On November 2, 2015, we completed our exchange offer which exchanged the Notes for the registered notes, as well as all related guarantees.   

          We
were in compliance with the covenants relating to the Notes as of September 30, 2016.   

URS Senior Notes     

In connection with the URS acquisition, we assumed URS's 3.85% Senior Notes due 2017 (2017 URS Senior Notes) and its 5.00% Senior Notes due 2022
(2022 URS Senior Notes), totaling $1.0 billion (URS Senior Notes). The URS acquisition triggered change in control provisions in the URS Senior Notes that allowed the holders of the URS Senior
Notes to redeem their URS Senior Notes at a cash price equal to 101% of the principal amount and, accordingly, we redeemed $572.3 million of the URS Senior Notes on October 24, 2014. The
URS Senior Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of AECOM Global II, LLC (as successor in interest to URS) and URS
Fox US LP and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint-and-several basis by certain former URS domestic subsidiary guarantors.   

          As
of September 30, 2016, the estimated fair market value of the URS Senior Notes was approximately $180.1 million for the 2017 URS Senior Notes and $243.6 million
for the 2022 URS Senior Notes. The carrying value of the URS Senior Notes on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 was $180.1 million for the 2017 URS Senior Notes and
$247.6 million for the 2022 URS Senior Notes. The fair value of the URS Senior Notes as of September 30, 2016 was derived by taking the mid-point of the trading prices from an observable
market input (Level 2) in the secondary bond market and multiplying it by the outstanding balance of the URS Senior Notes.   

          As
of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the covenants relating to the URS Senior Notes.   

Other Debt     

Other debt consists primarily of obligations under capital leases and loans, and unsecured credit facilities. Our unsecured credit facilities
are primarily used for standby letters of credit issued for payment of performance guarantees. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, these outstanding standby letters of credit totaled
$382.2 million and $344.0 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had $546.2 million available under these unsecured credit facilities.   

Effective Interest Rate     

Our average effective interest rate on our total debt, including the effects of the interest rate swap agreements, during the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was 4.4%, 4.2% and 2.8%, respectively.   

  62  

Table of Contents    

Joint Venture Arrangements and Other Commitments     

We enter into various joint venture arrangements to provide architectural, engineering, program management, construction management and
operations and maintenance services. The ownership percentage of these joint ventures is typically representative of the work to be performed or the amount of risk assumed by each joint venture
partner. Some of these joint ventures are considered variable interest. We have consolidated all joint ventures for which we have control. For all others, our portion of the earnings is recorded in
equity in earnings of joint ventures. See Note 6 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements.   

Other
than normal property and equipment additions and replacements, expenditures to further the implementation of our Enterprise Resource Planning system, commitments under our
incentive compensation programs, amounts we may expend to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program and acquisitions from time to time, we currently do not have any significant capital
expenditures or outlays planned except as described below. However, if we acquire additional businesses in the future or if we embark on other capital-intensive initiatives, additional working capital
may be required.   

          Under
our secured revolving credit facility and other facilities discussed in Other Debt above, as of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $474.5 million outstanding
under standby letters of credit issued primarily in connection with general and professional liability insurance programs and for contract performance guarantees. For those projects for which we have
issued a performance guarantee, if the project subsequently fails to meet guaranteed performance standards, we may either incur significant additional costs or be held responsible for the costs
incurred by the client to achieve the required performance standards.   

          We
recognized on our balance sheet the funded status (measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation) of our pension benefit plans.
The total amounts of employer contributions paid for the year ended September 30, 2016 were $18.5 million for U.S. plans and $20.2 million for non-U.S. plans. Funding requirements
for each plan are determined based on the local laws of the country where such plan resides. In certain countries, the funding requirements are mandatory while in other countries, they are
discretionary. There is a required minimum contribution for one of our domestic plans; however, we may make additional discretionary contributions. In the future, such pension funding may increase or
decrease depending on changes in the levels of interest rates, pension plan performance and other factors. In addition, we have collective bargaining agreements with unions that require us to
contribute to various third party multiemployer pension plans that we do not control or manage.   

Commitments and Contingencies      

We record amounts representing our probable estimated liabilities relating to claims, guarantees, litigation, audits and investigations. We rely
in part on qualified actuaries to assist us in determining the level of reserves to establish for insurance-related claims that are known and have been asserted against the Company, and for
insurance-related claims that are believed to have been incurred based on actuarial analysis, but have not yet been reported to our claims administrators as of the respective balance sheet dates. We
include any adjustments to such insurance reserves in our consolidated results of operations. Our reasonably possible loss disclosures are presented on a gross basis prior to the consideration of
insurance recoveries. We do not record gain contingencies until they are realized. In the ordinary course of business, we may not be aware that we or our affiliates are under investigation and may not
be aware of whether or not a known investigation has been concluded.   

          In
the ordinary course of business, we may enter into various arrangements providing financial or performance assurance to clients, lenders, or partners. Such arrangements include
standby letters of credit, surety bonds, and corporate guarantees to support the creditworthiness or the project execution commitments of our affiliates, partnerships and joint ventures. Performance
arrangements typically have   

  63  

Table of Contents   

  various
expiration dates ranging from the completion of the project contract and extending beyond contract completion in certain circumstances such as for warranties. We may also guarantee that a
project, when complete, will achieve specified performance standards. If the project subsequently fails to meet guaranteed performance standards, we may incur additional costs, pay liquidated damages
or be held responsible for the costs incurred by the client to achieve the required performance standards. The potential payment amount of an outstanding performance arrangement is typically the
remaining cost of work to be performed by or on behalf of third parties. Generally, under joint venture arrangements, if a partner is financially unable to complete its share of the contract, the
other partner(s) may be required to complete those activities.   

          At
September 30, 2016 and 2015, we were contingently liable in the amount of $474.5 million and $436.5 million, respectively, in issued standby letters of credit and
$3.3 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively, in issued surety bonds primarily to support project execution.   

          In
connection with the investment activities of AECOM Capital, we provide guarantees of certain obligations, including guarantees for completion of projects, repayment of debt,
environmental indemnity obligations and acts of willful misconduct.   

DOE Deactivation, Demolition, and Removal Project      

Washington Group International, an Ohio company (WGI Ohio), an affiliate of URS, executed a cost-reimbursable task order with the Department of
Energy (DOE) in 2007 to provide deactivation, demolition and removal services at a New York State project site that, during 2010, experienced contamination and performance issues and remains
uncompleted. In February 2011, WGI Ohio and the DOE executed a Task Order Modification that changed some cost-reimbursable contract provisions to at-risk. The Task Order Modification, including
subsequent amendments, requires the DOE to pay all project costs up to $106 million, requires WGI Ohio and the DOE to equally share in all project costs incurred from $106 million to
$146 million, and requires WGI Ohio to pay all project costs exceeding $146 million.   

          Due
to unanticipated requirements and permitting delays by federal and state agencies, as well as delays and related ground stabilization activities caused by Hurricane Irene in 2011,
WGI Ohio has been required to perform work outside the scope of the Task Order Modification. In December 2014, WGI Ohio submitted claims against the DOE pursuant to the Contracts Disputes Acts seeking
recovery of $103 million, including additional fees on changed work scope.   

          Due
to significant delays and uncertainties about responsibilities for the scope of remaining work, final project completion costs and other associated costs may exceed
$100 million over the contracted amounts. In addition, WGI Ohio assets and liabilities, including the value of the above costs and claims, were also measured at their fair value on
October 17, 2014, the date AECOM acquired WGI Ohio's parent company, see Note 3, which is reevaluated to account for developments pertaining to this matter.   

WGI
Ohio can provide no certainty that it will recover the DOE claims and fees submitted in December 2014, as well as any other project costs after December 2014 that WGI Ohio may be
obligated to incur including the remaining project completion costs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations.   

AECOM Australia      

In 2005 and 2006, the Company's main Australian subsidiary, AECOM Australia Pty Ltd (AECOM Australia), performed a traffic forecast
assignment for a client consortium as part of the client's project to design, build, finance and operate a tolled motorway tunnel in Australia. To fund the motorway's design and construction, the
client formed certain special purpose vehicles (SPVs) that raised approximately $700 million Australian dollars through an initial public offering (IPO) of equity units in 2006 and   

  64  

Table of Contents   

  approximately
an additional $1.4 billion Australian dollars in long term bank loans. The SPVs went into insolvency administrations in February 2011.   

KordaMentha,
the receivers for the SPVs (the RCM Applicants), caused a lawsuit to be filed against AECOM Australia by the RCM Applicants in the Federal Court of Australia on
May 14, 2012. Portigon AG (formerly WestLB AG), one of the lending banks to the SPVs, filed a lawsuit in the Federal Court of Australia against AECOM Australia on May 18,
2012. Separately, a class action lawsuit, which has been amended to include approximately 770 of the IPO investors, was filed against AECOM Australia in the Federal Court of Australia on
May 31, 2012.   

          All
of the lawsuits claim damages that purportedly resulted from AECOM Australia's role in connection with the above described traffic forecast. On July 10, 2015, AECOM Australia,
the RCM Applicants and Portigon AG entered into a Deed of Release settling the respective lawsuits for $205 million (U.S. dollars).   

          On
May 31, 2016, AECOM Australia and other parties to the class action lawsuit entered into a conditional settlement aggregating to $91 million (U.S. Dollars) with the
class action applicants on a "no admissions" basis. The Federal Court of Australia conducted a hearing on August 10, 2016 and approved the settlement amount and all claims among the parties
have been released. The class action settlement did not have a material impact on the Company's financial results.   

DOE Hanford Nuclear Reservation      

URS Energy and Construction, Washington River Protection Solutions LLC and Washington Closure Hanford LLC (collectively the URS
Affiliates) perform services under multiple contracts (including under the Waste Treatment Plant contract, the Tank Farm contract and the River Corridor contract) at the DOE's Hanford nuclear
reservation that have been subject to various government investigations or litigation matters:  

Waste Treatment Plant government investigation: The federal government is conducting an investigation into the Company's affiliate, URS
Energy   Construction, a subcontractor on the Waste Treatment Plant, regarding contractual compliance and various technical issues in the design, development and construction of the Waste
Treatment Plant. The federal government and URS Energy   Construction have engaged in settlement discussions towards the resolution of this matter.   
            Tank Farms government investigation: The federal government is conducting an investigation regarding the time keeping of employees at the
Company's joint venture, Washington River Protection Solutions LLC, when the joint venture took over as the prime contractor from another federal contractor. The federal government and
Washington River Protection Solutions LLC have engaged in advanced settlement discussions and Washington River Protection Solutions LLC reassessed its estimate of the matter, which is
not expected to have a material impact.   
            River Corridor litigation: The federal government has partially intervened with a relator in a Qui Tam complaint filed in the Eastern District
of Washington in December 2013 against the Company's joint venture, Washington Closure Hanford LLC, alleging that its contracting procedures under the Small Business Act violated the False
Claims Act. On October 2015, Washington Closure Hanford LLC's motion to dismiss the claim was partially denied.    

The
URS Affiliates periodically reevaluate the estimated fair value of liabilities assumed from URS Corporation, including the legal related liabilities described above and in
Note 3, to account for developments related to the Hanford matters. The URS Affiliates dispute the Waste Treatment Plant and River Corridor matters and intend to continue to defend these
ongoing matters vigorously, although the URS Affiliates are engaging in the settlement discussions noted above. The URS Affiliates cannot provide assurances that they will be successful in these
defense or settlement efforts. The potential range of loss   

  65  

Table of Contents   

  and
any difference from the current accrual cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, primarily due to the fact that these matters involve complex and unique environmental and regulatory issues;
each project site contains multiple parties, including various local, state and federal government agencies; conflicts of law between local, state and federal regulations; substantial uncertainty
regarding any alleged damages; and the various stages of the government investigations or litigation matters.   

Securities Litigation Matter      

On September 1, 2016, William Graves, an AECOM stockholder, filed a securities class action complaint in the United States District Court
for the Central District of California alleging
that the Company and its senior executives made materially false and misleading statements in violation of the federal securities laws. The Company believes the complaint is without merit and intends
to vigorously defend against it. While no assurance can be given as to the ultimate outcome of this action, the Company believes that the final resolution of this action will not have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or our ability to conduct business.   

Contractual Obligations and Commitments      

          The following summarizes our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of September 30, 2016:   

(1)    Represents
expected fiscal 2017 contributions to fund our defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. Contributions beyond one year have not been
included as amounts are not determinable.     

New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting     

          In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued new accounting guidance which amended the existing accounting standards for
revenue recognition. The new accounting guidance establishes principles for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected
consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as
of the date of initial application. We continue to evaluate the impact and method of the adoption of the new accounting guidance on our consolidated financial statements and expect to adopt the new
guidance at October 1, 2018.   

          In
February 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance to the consolidation standard which updates the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should
consolidate certain types of legal entities. The amendment modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar
legal entities are variable interest entities (VIEs) or voting interest entities and affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have
fee arrangements and related party relationships, among other provisions. This amended guidance will be effective for our fiscal year beginning October 1, 2016. We do not expect the adoption of
this amended guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.   

  66  

Table of Contents   

          In
April 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the
associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount. Prior to the issuance of the standard, debt issuance costs were required to be presented in the balance sheet as an
asset. The guidance requires retrospective application and represents a change in accounting principle. We do not expect the guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements, as the application of this guidance affects classification only. This guidance will be effective for our fiscal year beginning October 1, 2016.   

          In
April 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which provides the use of a practical expedient that permits the entity to measure defined benefit plans assets and obligations
using the month-end date that is closest to the entity's fiscal year-end date and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The adoption of this guidance will not have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements. This guidance will be effective for our fiscal year beginning October 1, 2016.   

          In
September 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which simplifies the accounting for measurement-period adjustments in connection with business combinations. The new guidance
requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement-period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amount is determined and,
therefore, eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for the adjustment in prior periods presented. This guidance was effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after
December 15, 2015 and was to be applied prospectively to measurement-period adjustments that occur after the effective date. Early adoption was permitted. We early adopted this guidance for the
quarter ended December 31, 2015, which did not have a material impact on our financial statements.   

          In
the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we adopted new accounting guidance which raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures of
both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. This adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements.   

          In
November 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes. This guidance requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be
classified as non-current in the balance sheet. We elected early adoption of this standard on a prospective basis in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. This resulted in a reclassification of our net
current deferred tax asset and net current deferred tax liability to the net non-current deferred tax asset and to our net non-current deferred tax liability in our consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2015. Prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated results of income or comprehensive income.   

In
February 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which changes accounting for leases. The new guidance requires lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from all
leases, including those classified as operating leases under previous accounting guidance, on the balance sheet. It also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements to increase
transparency and comparability among organizations. The guidance will be effective for our fiscal year beginning October 1, 2019 with early adoption permitted. The new guidance must be adopted
using a modified retrospective transition approach and provides for certain practical expedients. We are currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on our consolidated financial
statements.   

          In
March 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which simplifies the accounting for employee share-based payments. The new guidance will require all income tax effects of awards
to be recognized in the statement of operations when the awards vest or are settled. It will also allow an employer to repurchase more of an employee's shares for tax withholding purposes without
triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. This guidance   

  67  

Table of Contents   

  will
be effective for our fiscal year beginning October 1, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements.   

          In
June 2016, the FASB issued a new credit loss standard that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. The new guidance will replace the
current "incurred loss" approach with an "expected loss" model for instruments measured at amortized cost. It also simplifies the accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and
loans. We are currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.   

In
August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance clarifying how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The guidance also clarifies
how the predominance principle should be applied when cash receipts and cash payments have aspects of more
than one class of cash flows. The guidance will be effective for us in our fiscal year beginning October 1, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the new
guidance will have on our consolidated statement of cash flows.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     

          We enter into various joint venture arrangements to provide architectural, engineering, program management, construction management and
operations and maintenance services. The ownership percentage of these joint ventures is typically representative of the work to be performed or the amount of risk assumed by each joint venture
partner. Some of these joint ventures are considered variable interest entities. We have consolidated all joint ventures for which we have control. For all others, our portion of the earnings are
recorded in equity in earnings of joint ventures. See Note 6 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. We do not believe that we have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or
capital resources that would be material to investors.    

ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK            

Financial Market Risks      

We are exposed to market risk, primarily related to foreign currency exchange rates and interest rate exposure of our debt obligations that bear
interest based on floating rates. We actively monitor these exposures. Our objective is to reduce, where we deem appropriate to do so, fluctuations in earnings and cash flows associated with changes
in foreign exchange rates and interest rates. In order to accomplish this objective, we sometimes enter into derivative financial instruments, such as forward contracts and interest rate hedge
contracts. It is our policy and practice to use derivative financial instruments only to the extent necessary to manage our exposures. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading
purposes.   

Foreign Exchange Rates      

We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk resulting from our operations outside of the U.S. We use foreign currency forward
contracts from time to time to mitigate foreign currency risk. We limit exposure to foreign currency fluctuations in most of our contracts through provisions that require client payments in currencies
corresponding to the currency in which costs are incurred. As a result of this natural hedge, we generally do not need to hedge foreign currency cash flows for contract work performed. The functional
currency of our significant foreign operations is the respective local currency.   

Interest Rates      

Our Credit Agreement and certain other debt obligations are subject to variable rate interest which could be adversely affected by an increase
in interest rates. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had   

  68  

Table of Contents   

  $1,954.9 million
and $2,414.3 million, respectively, in outstanding borrowings under our term credit agreements and our revolving credit facility. Interest on amounts borrowed under
these agreements is subject to adjustment based on certain levels of financial performance. The applicable margin that is added to the borrowing's base rate can range from 0.50% to 3.00%. For the year
ended September 30, 2016, our weighted average floating rate borrowings were $2,685.1 million, or $2,085.1 million excluding borrowings with effective fixed interest rates due to
interest rate swap agreements. If short term floating interest rates had increased or decreased by 0.125%, our interest expense for the year ended September 30, 2016 would have increased or
decreased by $2.6 million. We invest our cash in a variety of financial instruments, consisting principally of money market securities or other highly liquid, short-term securities that are
subject to minimal credit and market risk.   

  69  

Table of Contents    

           ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA            

           AECOM   Index to Consolidated Financial Statements   September 30, 2016            

70  

Table of Contents    

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm            

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of AECOM     

          We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AECOM (the "Company") as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016. Our audits also
included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.   

          We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.   

          In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of AECOM at September 30, 2016 and 2015,
and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the
information set forth therein.   

          We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), AECOM's internal control over financial reporting as of
September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) and our report dated November 15, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   

/s/
ERNST   YOUNG LLP   

  Los
Angeles, California 
November 15, 2016   

  71  

Table of Contents   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm            

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of AECOM     

          We have audited AECOM's (the "Company") internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the "COSO criteria"). AECOM's management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.   

          We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.   

          A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

          Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   

          In
our opinion, AECOM maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the COSO criteria.   

          We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of AECOM as of
September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended September 30, 2016 and our report dated November 15, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   

  /s/
ERNST   YOUNG LLP   

  Los
Angeles, California 
November 15, 2016   

  72  

Table of Contents    

AECOM              Consolidated Balance Sheets              (in thousands, except share data)            

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  73  

Table of Contents    

AECOM              Consolidated Statements of Operations              (in thousands, except per share data)            

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  74  

Table of Contents    

AECOM              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)              (in thousands)            

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  75  

Table of Contents    

AECOM              Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity              (in thousands)            

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  76  

Table of Contents    

AECOM              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows              (in thousands)            

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

  77  

Table of Contents    

AECOM              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            

1. Significant Accounting Policies     

             Organization     Effective January 5, 2015, the name of the Company changed from AECOM Technology Corporation to AECOM. AECOM and its
consolidated
subsidiaries design, build, finance
and operate infrastructure assets for governments, businesses and organizations around the world. The Company provides planning, consulting, architectural and engineering design services to commercial
and government clients worldwide in major end markets such as transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, water and government markets. The Company also provides construction services,
including building construction and energy, infrastructure and industrial construction. In addition, the Company provides program and facilities management and maintenance, training, logistics,
consulting, technical assistance, and systems integration and information technology services, primarily for agencies of the U.S. government and also for national governments around the world.   

Fiscal Year     The Company reports results of operations based on 52 or 53-week periods ending on the Friday nearest September 30. For clarity of
presentation, all periods are presented as if the year ended on September 30. Fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 contained 52, 52 and 53 weeks, respectively, and ended on
September 30, October 2, and October 3, respectively.   

             Use of Estimates     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP)
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The more significant estimates affecting amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements relate to
revenues under long-term contracts and self-insurance accruals. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   

             Principles of Consolidation and Presentation     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all majority-owned subsidiaries and
joint
ventures in which the Company is the primary beneficiary. All inter-company accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Also see Note 6 regarding joint ventures and variable interest
entities.   

            Revenue Recognition     The Company generally utilizes a cost-to-cost approach in applying the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition.
Under this approach, revenue is earned in proportion to total costs incurred, divided by total costs expected to be incurred. Recognition of revenue and profit is dependent upon a number of factors,
including the accuracy of a variety of estimates made at the balance sheet date, engineering progress, materials quantities, the achievement of milestones, penalty provisions, labor productivity and
cost estimates made at the balance sheet date. Due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, actual completion costs may vary from estimates. If estimated total costs on contracts indicate
a loss, the Company recognizes that estimated loss within cost of revenues in the period the estimated loss first becomes known. Liabilities recorded related to accrued contract losses were not
material as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

          In
the course of providing its services, the Company routinely subcontracts for services and incurs other direct costs on behalf of its clients. These costs are passed through to clients
and, in accordance with industry practice and GAAP, are included in the Company's revenue and cost of revenue. Because subcontractor services and other direct costs can change significantly from
project to project and period to period, changes in revenue may not be indicative of business trends. These other direct costs for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were
$8.4 billion, $8.3 billion and $3.5 billion, respectively.   

  78  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

Cost-Reimbursable Contracts      

Cost-reimbursable contracts consists of two similar contract types: (1) cost-plus contracts and (2) time-and-materials price
contracts.   

             Cost-Plus Contracts.        The Company enters into two major types of cost-plus contracts:   

            Cost-Plus Fixed Fee.       Under cost-plus fixed fee contracts, the Company charges clients for its costs, including both direct and indirect
costs, plus a
fixed negotiated fee. The total estimated cost plus the fixed negotiated fee represents the total contract value. The Company recognizes revenue based on the actual labor and other direct costs
incurred, plus the portion of the fixed fee it has earned to date.   

            Cost-Plus Fixed Rate.       Under the Company's cost-plus fixed rate contracts, the Company charges clients for its direct and indirect costs
based upon a
negotiated rate. The Company recognizes revenue based on the actual total costs it has expended and the applicable fixed rate.   

          Certain
cost-plus contracts provide for award fees or a penalty based on performance criteria in lieu of a fixed fee or fixed rate. Other contracts include a base fee component plus a
performance-based
award fee. In addition, the Company may share award fees with subcontractors. The Company records accruals for fee-sharing as fees are earned. The Company generally recognizes revenue to the extent of
costs actually incurred plus a proportionate amount of the fee expected to be earned. The Company takes the award fee or penalty on contracts into consideration when estimating revenue and profit
rates, and it records revenue related to the award fees when there is sufficient information to assess anticipated contract performance. On contracts that represent higher than normal risk or
technical difficulty, the Company may defer all award fees until an award fee letter is received. Once an award fee letter is received, the estimated or accrued fees are adjusted to the actual award
amount.   

          Certain
cost-plus contracts provide for incentive fees based on performance against contractual milestones. The amount of the incentive fees varies, depending on whether the Company
achieves above, at, or below target results. The Company originally recognizes revenue on these contracts based upon expected results. These estimates are revised when necessary based upon additional
information that becomes available as the contract progresses.   

Time-and-Materials Price Contracts      

Time-and-Materials Price Contracts.       Under time-and-materials contracts, the Company negotiates hourly billing rates and charges its
clients based on
the actual time that it expends on a project. In addition, clients reimburse the Company for its actual out-of-pocket costs of materials and other direct incidental expenditures that it incurs in
connection with its performance under the contract. Profit margins on time-and-materials contracts fluctuate based on actual labor and overhead costs that it directly charges or allocates to contracts
compared to negotiated billing rates. Many of the Company's time-and-materials contracts are subject to maximum contract values and, accordingly, revenue relating to these contracts is recognized as
if these contracts were a fixed-price contract.   

Guaranteed Maximum Price Contracts      

Guaranteed Maximum Price.       Guaranteed maximum price contracts (GMP) are common for design-build and commercial and residential projects.
GMP contracts
share many of the same contract provisions as cost-plus and fixed-price contracts. A contractor performing work pursuant to a cost-plus, GMP or   

  79  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

  fixed-price
contract will all enter into trade contracts directly. Both cost-plus and GMP contracts generally include an agreed lump sum or percentage fee which is called out and separately identified
and the contracts are considered 'open' book providing the owner with full disclosure of the project costs. A fixed-price contract provides the owner with a single lump sum amount without specifically
identifying the breakdown of fee or costs and is typically 'closed' book thereby providing the owner with little detail as to the project costs. In a GMP contract, unlike the cost-plus contract, the
Company provides the owner with a guaranteed price for the overall construction (adjusted for change orders issued by the owner) and with a schedule which includes a completion date for the project.
In addition, cost overruns in a GMP contract would generally be the Company's responsibility and in the event the Company's actions or inactions result in delays to the project, the Company may be
responsible to the owner for costs associated with such delay. For many of the Company's commercial and residential GMP contracts, the final price is generally not established until the Company have
awarded a substantial percentage of the trade contracts and it has negotiated additional contractual limitations, such as mutual waivers of consequential damages as well as aggregate caps on
liabilities and liquidated damages.   

Fixed-Price Contracts      

Fixed-Price.       Fixed-price contracting is the predominant contracting method outside of the United States. There are typically two types
of fixed-price
contracts. The first and more common type, lump-sum, involves performing all of the work under the contract for a specified lump-sum fee. Lump-sum contracts are typically subject to price adjustments
if the scope of the project changes or unforeseen conditions arise. The second type, fixed-unit price, involves performing an estimated number of units of work at an agreed price per unit, with the
total payment under the contract determined by the actual number of units delivered. The Company recognizes revenue on fixed-price contracts using the percentage-of-completion method described above.
Prior to completion, recognized profit margins on any fixed-price contract depend on the accuracy of the Company's estimates and will increase to the extent that its actual costs are below the
estimated amounts. Conversely, if the Company's costs exceed these estimates, its profit margins will decrease and the Company may realize a loss on a project. The Company recognizes anticipated
losses on contracts in the period in which they become evident.   

          During
the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the types of contracts comprising the Company's revenue were as follows:   

Cost
reimburseable contracts include cost-plus and time-and-materials price contracts.   

            Contract Claims    Claims are amounts in excess of the agreed contract price (or amounts not included in the original contract price) that the Company
seeks to collect from customers or others for delays, errors in specifications and designs, contract terminations, change orders in dispute or unapproved as to both scope and price or other causes of
unanticipated additional costs. The Company
records contract revenue related to claims only if it is probable that the claim will result in additional contract revenue and if the   

  80  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

  amount
can be reliably estimated. In such cases, the Company records revenue only to the extent that contract costs relating to the claim have been incurred. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the Company had no significant net receivables related to contract claims.   

             Government Contract Matters     The Company's federal government and certain state and local agency contracts are subject to, among other regulations,
regulations issued under the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR). These regulations can limit the recovery of certain specified indirect costs on contracts and subjects the Company to ongoing
multiple audits by government agencies such as the Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA). In addition, most of the Company's federal and state and local contracts are subject to termination at the
discretion of the client.   

          Audits
by the DCAA and other agencies consist of reviews of the Company's overhead rates, operating systems and cost proposals to ensure that the Company accounted for such costs in
accordance with the Cost Accounting Standards of the FAR (CAS). If the DCAA determines the Company has not accounted for such costs consistent with CAS, the DCAA may disallow these costs. There can be
no assurance that audits by the DCAA or other governmental agencies will not result in material cost disallowances in the future.   

             Cash and Cash Equivalents     The Company's cash equivalents include highly liquid investments which have an initial maturity of three months or less.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts     The Company records its accounts receivable net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. This allowance for doubtful
accounts is estimated based on management's evaluation of the contracts involved and the financial condition of its clients. The factors the Company considers in its contract evaluations include, but
are not limited to:  

Client type federal or state and local government or commercial client;   
            Historical contract performance;   
            Historical collection and delinquency trends;   
            Client credit worthiness; and   
            General economic conditions.    

Derivative Financial Instruments     The Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and carries them at fair
value.   

          For
derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the
derivative instrument is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity and reclassified into income in the same period or periods during which the hedged
transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recognized in current income. To receive hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges
must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on hedged transactions.   

          The
net gain or loss on the effective portion of a derivative instrument that is designated as an economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure generated by the
re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in a non-functional currency in a foreign operation is reported in the   

  81  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

  same
manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment. Accordingly, any gains or losses related to these derivative instruments are recognized in current income.   

          Derivatives
that do not qualify as hedges are adjusted to fair value through current income.   

             Fair Value of Financial Instruments     The Company determines the fair values of its financial instruments, including short-term investments, debt
instruments and derivative instruments, and pension and post-retirement plan assets based on inputs or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. The Company
categorizes its instruments using a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows:
Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument; Level 3 inputs
are unobservable inputs based on the Company's assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. The classification of a financial asset or liability within the hierarchy is determined
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.   

The
carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the short maturities of these instruments. The carrying
amount of the revolving credit facility approximates fair value because the interest rates are based upon variable reference rates.   

          The
Company's fair value measurement methods may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Although the
Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with those used by other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine fair value could
result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date.   

            Property and Equipment     Property and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
method. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Typically, estimated useful lives range from three to ten years for equipment, furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements
are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the remaining terms of the underlying lease agreement.   

             Long-lived Assets     Long-lived assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the assets may
be
impaired. For assets to be held and used, impairment losses are recognized based upon the excess of the asset's carrying amount over the fair value of the asset. For long-lived assets to be disposed,
impairment losses are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.   

             Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets     Goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid over the fair value of net assets acquired from an
acquisition.
In order to determine the amount of goodwill resulting from an acquisition, the Company performs an assessment to determine the value of the acquired company's tangible and identifiable intangible
assets and liabilities. In its assessment, the Company determines whether identifiable intangible assets exist, which typically include backlog and customer relationships. Intangible assets are
amortized over the period in which the contractual or economic benefits of the intangible assets are expected to be realized.   

  82  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

          The
Company tests goodwill for impairment annually for each reporting unit in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year, and between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change
which suggest that goodwill should be evaluated. Such events or circumstances include significant changes in legal factors and business climate, recent losses at a reporting unit, and industry trends,
among other factors. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. The Company's impairment tests are performed at the operating segment level as they
represent the Company's reporting units.   

          The
impairment test is a two-step process. During the first step, the Company estimates the fair value of the reporting unit using income and market approaches, and compares that amount
to the carrying value of that reporting unit. In the event the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be less than the carrying value, a second step is required. The second step requires
the Company to perform a hypothetical purchase allocation for that reporting unit and to compare the resulting current implied fair value of the goodwill to the current carrying value of the goodwill
for that reporting unit. In the event that the current implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge is recognized. See also Note 3.   

             Pension Plans     The Company has certain defined benefit pension plans. The Company calculates the market-related value of assets, which is used to
determine the return-on-assets component of annual pension expense and the cumulative net unrecognized gain or loss subject to amortization. This calculation reflects the Company's anticipated
long-term rate of return and amortization of the difference between the actual return (including capital, dividends, and interest) and the expected return over a five-year period. Cumulative net
unrecognized gains or losses that exceed 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market related value of plan assets are subject to amortization.   

             Insurance Reserves     The Company maintains insurance for certain insurable business risks. Insurance coverage contains various retention and
deductible
amounts for which the Company accrues a liability based upon reported claims and an actuarially determined estimated liability for certain claims incurred but not reported. It is generally the
Company's policy not to accrue for any potential legal expense to be incurred in defending the Company's position. The Company believes that its accruals for estimated liabilities associated with
professional and other liabilities are sufficient and any excess liability beyond the accrual is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations or financial
position.   

             Foreign Currency Translation     The Company's functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Results of operations for foreign entities are translated to
U.S.
dollars using the average exchange rates during the period. Assets and liabilities for foreign entities are translated using the exchange rates in effect as of the date of the balance sheet. Resulting
translation adjustments are recorded as a foreign currency translation adjustment into other accumulated comprehensive income/(loss) in stockholders' equity.   

The
Company uses foreign currency forward contracts from time to time to mitigate foreign currency risk. The Company limits exposure to foreign currency fluctuations in most of its
contracts through provisions that require client payments in currencies corresponding to the currency in which costs are incurred. As a result of this natural hedge, the Company generally does not
need to hedge foreign currency cash flows for contract work performed. The functional currency of all significant foreign operations is the respective local currency.   

  83  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

1. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)    

            Noncontrolling Interests     Noncontrolling interests represent the equity investments of the minority owners in the Company's joint ventures and other
subsidiary entities that the Company consolidates in its financial statements.   

             Income Taxes     The Company files a consolidated U.S. federal corporate income tax return and combined / consolidated state tax returns and
separate company state tax returns. The Company accounts for certain income and expense items differently for financial reporting and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities, applying enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
expected to reverse. In determining the need for a valuation allowance, management reviews both positive and negative evidence, including the nature, frequency, and severity of cumulative financial
reporting losses in recent years, the future reversal of existing temporary differences, predictability of future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences of the character necessary
to realize the asset, relevant carryforward periods, taxable income in carry-back years if carry-back is permitted under tax law, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that would be
implemented, if necessary, to protect against the loss of the deferred tax asset that would otherwise expire. Based upon management's assessment of all available evidence, the Company has concluded
that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance, will be realized.   

2. New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting     

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued new accounting guidance which amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. The new accounting
guidance establishes principles for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for
those goods or services. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application.
The Company
continues to evaluate the impact and method of the adoption of the new accounting guidance on its consolidated financial statements and expects to adopt the new guidance on October 1, 2018.   

          In
February 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance to the consolidation standard which updates the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should
consolidate certain types of legal entities. The amendment modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities (VIEs) or voting interest
entities and affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships, among other
provisions. This amended guidance will be effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning October 1, 2016. The Company does not expect the adoption of this amended guidance will have a
material impact on its consolidated financial statements.   

          In
April 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the
associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount. Prior to the issuance of the standard, debt issuance costs were required to be presented in the balance sheet as an
asset. The guidance requires retrospective application and represents a change in accounting principle. The Company does not expect the guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements, as the application of this guidance affects classification only. This guidance will be effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning October 1, 2016.   

  84  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2. New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting (Continued)    

          In
April 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which provides the use of a practical expedient that permits the entity to measure defined benefit plans assets and obligations
using the month-end date that is closest to the entity's fiscal year-end date and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The adoption of this guidance will not have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. This guidance will be effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning October 1, 2016.   

          In
September 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which simplifies the accounting for measurement-period adjustments in connection with business combinations. The new guidance
requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement-period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amount is determined and,
therefore, eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for the adjustment in prior periods presented. This guidance was effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after
December 15, 2015 and was to be applied prospectively to measurement-period adjustments that occur after the effective date. Early adoption was permitted. The Company early adopted this
guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, which did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.   

          In
the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company adopted new accounting guidance which raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new
disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. This adoption did not have a material impact on the Company's
consolidated financial statements.   

          In
November 2015, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes. This guidance requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be
classified as non-current in the balance sheet. The Company has elected early adoption of this standard on a prospective basis in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. This resulted in a reclassification
of the Company's net current deferred tax asset and net current deferred tax liability to the net non-current deferred tax asset and to its net non-current deferred tax liability in the Company's
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015. Prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on the Company's consolidated results of income
or comprehensive income.   

          In
February 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which changes accounting for leases. The new guidance requires lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from all
leases, including those classified as operating leases under previous accounting guidance, on the balance sheet. It also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements to increase
transparency and comparability among organizations. The guidance will be effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning October 1, 2019 with early adoption permitted. The new guidance must
be adopted using a modified retrospective transition approach and provides for certain practical expedients. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on its
consolidated financial statements.   

          In
March 2016, the FASB issued new accounting guidance which simplifies the accounting for employee share-based payments. The new guidance will require all income tax effects of awards
to be recognized in the statement of operations when the awards vest or are settled. It will also allow an employer to repurchase more of an employee's shares for tax withholding purposes without
triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. This guidance will be effective for the Company in its fiscal year beginning October 1,
2017 and early adoption is   

  85  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

2. New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting (Continued)    

  permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.   

          In
June 2016, the FASB issued a new credit loss standard that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. The new guidance will replace the
current "incurred
loss" approach with an "expected loss" model for instruments measured at amortized cost. It also simplifies the accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.   

In
August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance clarifying how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The guidance also clarifies
how the predominance principle should be applied when cash receipts and cash payments have aspects of more than one class of cash flows. The guidance will be effective for the Company in its fiscal
year beginning October 1, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on its consolidated statement of cash flows.   

3. Business Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets     

On October 17, 2014, the Company completed the acquisition of the U.S. headquartered URS Corporation (URS), an international provider of engineering, construction, and technical
services, by purchasing 100% of the outstanding shares of URS common stock. The purpose of the acquisition was to further diversify the Company's market presence and accelerate the Company's strategy
to create an integrated delivery platform for customers. The Company paid total consideration of approximately $2.3 billion in cash and issued approximately $1.6 billion of AECOM common
stock to the former stockholders and certain equity award holders of URS. In connection with the acquisition, the Company also assumed URS's senior notes totaling $1.0 billion, and upon the
occurrence of a change in control of URS, the URS senior noteholders had the right to redeem their notes at a cash price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the notes. Accordingly, on
October 24, 2014, the Company purchased $0.6 billion of URS's senior notes from the noteholders. See also Note 8, Debt. Additionally, the Company repaid in full URS's
$0.6 billion 2011 term loan and $0.1 billion of URS's revolving line of credit.   

  86  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

3. Business Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets (Continued)    

          The
following summarizes the estimated fair values of URS assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in millions), as of the acquisition date:   

Backlog
and customer relationships represent the fair value of existing contracts and the underlying customer relationships, and have lives ranging from 1 to 11 years (weighted
average lives of approximately 3 years). Other intangible assets primarily consist of the fair value of office leases. Goodwill recognized largely results from a substantial assembled
workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition, as well as expected future synergies from combining operations. Accrued expenses
and other current liabilities above include URS project liabilities and approximately $240 million related to estimated URS legal settlements and uninsured legal damages; see Note 18,
Commitments and Contingencies including legal matters related to former URS affiliates.   

          The
following presents summarized unaudited pro forma operating results assuming that the Company had acquired URS at October 1, 2013. These pro forma operating results are
presented for   

  87  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

3. Business Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets (Continued)    

  illustrative
purposes only and are not indicative of the operating results that would have been achieved had the related events occurred.   

Amortization
of intangible assets relating to URS was $183.3 million and $361.6 million during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Additionally, included in equity in earnings of joint ventures and noncontrolling interests was intangible amortization expense of $23.0 million and $(13.8) million, respectively, during the
twelve months ended September 30, 2016 and $37.3 million and $(26.6) million, respectively, during the twelve months ended September 30, 2015 related to joint venture fair value
adjustments.   

          Billings
in excess of costs on uncompleted contracts includes a margin fair value liability associated with long-term contracts acquired in connection with the acquisition of URS on
October 17, 2014. This margin fair value liability was $149.1 million at the acquisition date, and its carrying value was $14.9 million at September 30, 2016, and is
recognized as revenue on a percentage-of-completion basis as
the applicable projects progress. The Company anticipates the remaining liability will be recognized as revenue over five years, with the majority over the first two years. Revenue and the related
income from operations related to the margin fair value liability recognized during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $37.2 million and $96.9 million,
respectively.   

          Acquisition
and integration expenses, resulting from the acquisition of URS, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations comprised of the following (in millions):   

Included
in severance and personnel costs for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $21.8 million and $101.9 million of severance expenses,
respectively, of which $19.3 million and $83.6 million was paid as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. All acquisition and integration expenses are classified within
Corporate, as presented in Note 19.   

  88  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

3. Business Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets (Continued)    

Interest
expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the twelve months ended September 30, 2015 included a $55.6 million penalty from the prepayment of the
Company's unsecured senior notes and $9.0 million related to the write-off of capitalized debt issuance costs from its unsecured senior notes, and 2014 Credit Agreement.   

          The
Company completed one, one and two business acquisitions during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. These other business acquisitions did not meet
the quantitative thresholds to require pro forma disclosures of operating results, either individually or in the aggregate, based on the Company's consolidated assets, investments and net income. The
Company also obtained control of an unconsolidated joint venture that resulted in its consolidation during the year ended September 30, 2014, as further discussed in Note 6.   

          Business
acquisitions during the year ended September 30, 2014 included Hunt Construction Group, a United States-based commercial construction management firm which serves clients
in both the public and private sectors, and Spain-based ACE International Consultants S.L., a leading consulting firm specializing in economic and social development cooperation and private sector
development.   

          Excluding
URS, the aggregate value of all consideration for acquisitions consummated during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $5.5 million,
$27.3 million and $88.5 million, respectively. The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
as of the acquisition dates, from acquisitions consummated during the fiscal years presented, excluding URS:   

89  

Table of Contents    

AECOM     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

3. Business Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets (Continued)     

Consideration for acquisitions above, excluding URS, includes the following:   

All
of the above acquisitions were accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. As such, the purchase consideration of each acquired company was allocated to acquired tangible
and intangible assets and liabilities based upon their fair values. The excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was
recorded as goodwill. The determination of fair values of assets and liabilities acquired requires the Company to make estimates and use valuation techniques when market value is not readily
available. The results of operations of each company acquired have been included in the Company's financial statements from the date of acquisition. Transaction costs associated with business
acquisitions are expensed as they are incurred.   

          At
the time of acquisition, the Company preliminarily estimates the amount of the identifiable intangible assets acquired based upon historical valuations of similar acquisitions and the
facts and circumstances available at the time. The Company determines the final value of the identifiable intangible assets as soon as information is available, but not more than 12 months from
the date of acquisition. Post-acquisition adjustments primarily relate to project related liabilities.   

Loss
on disposal activities of $42.6 million in the accompanying statements of operations for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 included losses on the disposition
of non-core energy related businesses, equipment and other assets acquired with URS and reported within the Construction Services segment. Net assets related to the loss on disposal activities were
$112.8 million. Income from operations included losses incurred by non-core businesses of $36.9 million during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016.   

The
changes in the carrying value of goodwill by reportable segment for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:   

90  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

3. Business Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets (Continued)    

The
gross amounts and accumulated amortization of the Company's acquired identifiable intangible assets with finite useful lives as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, included in
intangible assets net, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, were as follows:   

Amortization
expense of acquired intangible assets included within cost of revenue was $202.4 million, $391.0 million, and $24.0 million for the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The following table presents estimated amortization expense of existing intangible assets for the succeeding years:   

91  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

4. Accounts Receivable     

Accounts receivable consisted of the following:   

Billed
accounts receivable represent amounts billed to clients that have yet to be collected. Unbilled accounts receivable represents the contract revenue recognized but not yet billed
pursuant to contract terms or accounts billed after the period end. Substantially all unbilled receivables as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 are expected to be billed and collected within
twelve months. Contract retentions represent amounts invoiced to clients where payments have been withheld pending the completion of certain milestones, other contractual conditions or upon the
completion of the project. These retention agreements vary from project to project and could be outstanding for several months or years.   

          Allowances
for doubtful accounts have been determined through specific identification of amounts considered to be uncollectible and potential write-offs, plus a non-specific allowance
for other amounts for which some potential loss has been determined to be probable based on current and past experience.   

          Other
than the U.S. government, no single client accounted for more than 10% of the Company's outstanding receivables at September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

The
Company sold trade receivables to financial institutions, of which $356.3 million and $240.8 million were outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The Company does not retain financial or legal obligations for these receivables that would result in material losses. The Company's ongoing involvement is limited to the remittance of
customer payments to the financial institutions with respect to the sold trade receivables.   

  92  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

5. Property and Equipment     

Property and equipment, at cost, consists of the following:   

Depreciation
expense for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $171.7 million, $191.3 million, and $69.1 million, respectively.
Depreciation is calculated using primarily the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, or in the case of leasehold improvements and capitalized leases, the lesser of the
remaining term of the lease or its estimated useful life. Included in payments for capital expenditures presented within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, were proceeds from disposals of
property and equipment of $54.6 million, $44.9 million, and $4.4 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.   

6. Joint Ventures and Variable Interest Entities     

The Company's joint ventures provide architecture, engineering, program management, construction management and operations and maintenance services. Joint ventures, the combination of
two or more partners, are generally formed for a specific project. Management of the joint venture is typically controlled by a joint venture executive committee, comprised of representatives from the
joint venture partners. The joint venture executive committee normally provides management oversight and controls decisions which could have a significant impact on the joint venture.   

          Some
of the Company's joint ventures have no employees and minimal operating expenses. For these joint ventures, the Company's employees perform work for the joint venture, which is then
billed to a third-party customer by the joint venture. These joint ventures function as pass through entities to bill the third-party customer. For consolidated joint ventures of this type, the
Company records the entire amount of the services performed and the costs associated with these services, including the services provided by the other joint venture partners, in the Company's result
of operations. For certain of these joint ventures where a fee is added by an unconsolidated joint venture to client billings, the Company's portion of that fee is recorded in equity in earnings of
joint ventures.   

          The
Company also has joint ventures that have their own employees and operating expenses, and to which the Company generally makes a capital contribution. The Company accounts for these
joint ventures either as consolidated entities or equity method investments based on the criteria further discussed below.   

          The
Company follows guidance on the consolidation of variable interest entities (VIEs) that requires companies to utilize a qualitative approach to determine whether it is the primary
beneficiary of a VIE. The process for identifying the primary beneficiary of a VIE requires consideration of the factors that   

  93  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

6. Joint Ventures and Variable Interest Entities (Continued)    

  indicate
a party has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the joint ventures' economic performance, including powers granted to the joint venture's program manager, powers
contained in the joint venture governing board and, to a certain extent, a company's economic interest in the joint venture. The Company analyzes its joint ventures and classifies them as
either:  

a VIE that must be consolidated because the Company is the primary beneficiary or the joint venture is not a VIE and the Company holds the
majority voting interest with no significant participative rights available to the other partners; or   
            a VIE that does not require consolidation and is treated as an equity method investment because the Company is not the primary beneficiary or
the joint venture is not a VIE and the Company does not hold the majority voting interest.    

As
part of the above analysis, if it is determined that the Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the joint venture's economic performance, the
Company considers whether or not it has the obligation to absorb losses or rights to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.   

          Contractually
required support provided to the Company's joint ventures is discussed in Note 18.   

          Summary
of financial information of the consolidated joint ventures is as follows:   

Total
revenue of the consolidated joint ventures was $1,935.2 million, $2,368.0 million, and $614.5 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively. The assets of the Company's consolidated joint ventures are restricted for use only by the particular joint venture and are not available for the general operations of the Company.   

  94  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

6. Joint Ventures and Variable Interest Entities (Continued)    

          Summary
of financial information of the unconsolidated joint ventures, as derived from their unaudited financial statements, is as follows:   

Summary
of AECOM's equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures is as follows:   

Included
in equity in earnings above is a $37.4 million gain recognized upon change in control ($23.4 million, net of tax) of an unconsolidated joint venture in the year
ended September 30, 2014. The Company obtained control of the joint venture through modifications to the joint venture's operating agreement, which required the Company to consolidate the joint
venture. The acquisition date fair value of the previously held equity interest was $58.0 million, excluding the control premium. The measurement of the fair value of the equity interest
immediately before obtaining control of the joint venture resulted in the pre-tax gain of $37.4 million. The Company utilized income and market approaches, in addition to obtaining an
independent third party valuation, in determining the joint venture's fair value, which includes making assumptions about variables such as revenue growth rates, profitability, discount rates,   

  95  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

6. Joint Ventures and Variable Interest Entities (Continued)    

  and
industry market multiples. These assumptions are subject to a high degree of judgment. Total assets and liabilities of this entity included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at the
acquisition date were $207.8 million and $48.1 million, respectively. This acquisition did not meet the quantitative thresholds to require pro forma disclosures of operating results
based on the Company's consolidated assets, investments and net income. This joint venture performs engineering and program management services in the Middle East and is included in the Company's DCS
segment.   

7. Pension Benefit Obligations     

In the U.S., the Company sponsors various qualified defined benefit pension plans. The legacy AECOM defined benefit plan covers substantially all permanent AECOM employees hired as of
March 1, 1998. The other recently acquired plans cover employees of URS and the Hunt Corporation at the time of their acquisition. Benefits under these plans generally are based on the
employee's years of creditable service and compensation. The Company adopted an amendment to freeze benefits under the URS Federal Services, Inc. Employees Retirement Plan during the three
months ended December 31, 2015, which resulted in the curtailment gain listed below. All defined benefit plans are closed to new participants and all defined benefit plans have frozen accruals.   

          The
Company also sponsors various non-qualified plans in the U.S.; all of these plans are frozen. Outside the U.S., the Company sponsors various pension plans, which are appropriate to
the country in which the Company operates, some of which are government mandated.   

The
following tables provide reconciliations of the changes in the U.S. and international plans' benefit obligations, reconciliations of the changes in the fair value of assets for the
last three years ended September 30, and reconciliations of the funded status as of September 30 of each year.   

96  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)    

The
following table sets forth the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014:   

97  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)    

          The
following table details the reconciliation of amounts in the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014:   

The
following table details the components of net periodic benefit cost for the Company's pension plans for years ended 2016, 2015 and 2014:   

The
amount, net of applicable deferred income taxes, included in other comprehensive income arising from a change in net prior service cost and net gain/loss was $26.2 million,
$6.9 million, and $7.6 million in the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.   

Amounts
included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of September 30, 2016 that are expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost during fiscal 2017
are (in millions):   

98  

Table of Contents    

AECOM     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)     

The table below provides additional year-end information for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets.   

Funding
requirements for each pension plan are determined based on the local laws of the country where such pension plan resides. In certain countries, the funding requirements are
mandatory while in other countries, they are discretionary. The Company currently intends to contribute $24.0 million to the international plans in fiscal 2017. There is a required minimum
contribution of $0.4 million for one of the U.S. plans. In addition, the Company may make discretionary contributions. The Company currently intends to contribute $9.8 million to U.S.
plans in fiscal 2017.   

          The
table below provides the expected future benefit payments, in millions:   

The
underlying assumptions for the pension plans are as follows:   

99  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)    

          Pension
costs are determined using the assumptions as of the beginning of the plan year. The funded status is determined using the assumptions as of the end of the plan year.   

The
following table summarizes the Company's target allocation for 2016 and pension plan asset allocation, both U.S. and international, as of September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

The
Company's domestic and foreign plans seek a competitive rate of return relative to an appropriate level of risk depending on the funded status and obligations of each plan and
typically employ both active and passive investment management strategies. The Company's risk management practices include diversification across asset classes and investment styles and periodic
rebalancing toward asset allocation targets. The target asset allocation selected for each plan reflects a risk/return profile that the Company believes is appropriate relative to each plan's
liability structure and return goals.   

          To
develop the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption, the Company considered the historical returns and the future expectations for returns for each asset class, as well
as the target asset allocation of the pension portfolio and the diversification of the portfolio. This resulted in the selection of a 6.72% and 5.74% weighted-average long-term rate of return on
assets assumption for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 for U.S. and non-U.S. plans, respectively.   

  100  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)    

          As
of September 30, 2016, the fair values of the Company's post-retirement benefit plan assets by major asset categories were as follows:   

As
of September 30, 2015, the fair values of the Company's post-retirement benefit plan assets by major asset categories are as follows:   

101  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)    

          Changes
for the year ended September 30, 2016, in the fair value of the Company's recurring post-retirement plan Level 3 assets are as follows:   

September 30, 
2015 
Beginning 
balance    
     
   Actual return 
on plan assets, 
relating to 
assets still held 
at reporting 
date    
     
   Actual return 
on plan assets, 
relating to 
assets sold 
during the 
period    
     
   Purchases, 
sales and 
settlements    
     
   Transfer 
into / 
(out of) 
Level 3    
     
   Change 
due to 
exchange 
rate 
changes    
     
   September 30, 
2016 
Ending 
balance    

(in millions)    

Investment funds  

Hedge funds  

$  
  13.6  

$  
  0.5  

$  

$  

$  

$  

$  
  14.1  

Changes
for the year ended September 30, 2015, in the fair value of the Company's recurring post-retirement plan Level 3 assets are as follows:   

September 30, 
2014 
Beginning 
balance    
     
   Actual return 
on plan assets, 
relating to 
assets still held 
at reporting 
date    
     
   Actual return 
on plan assets, 
relating to 
assets sold 
during the 
period    
     
   Purchases, 
sales 
and 
settlements    
     
   Transfer 
into / 
(out of) 
Level 3    
     
   Change 
due to 
exchange 
rate 
changes    
     
   September 30, 
2015 
Ending 
balance    

(in millions)    

Investment funds  

Hedge funds  

$  
  13.7  

$  
  (0.1  
  )  

$  

$  

$  

$  

$  
  13.6  

Cash
equivalents are mostly comprised of short-term money-market instruments and are valued at cost, which approximates fair value.   

          For
equity investment funds not traded on an active exchange, or if the closing price is not available, the trustee obtains indicative quotes from a pricing vendor, broker, or investment
manager. These funds are categorized as Level 2 if the custodian obtains corroborated quotes from a pricing vendor or categorized as Level 3 if the custodian obtains uncorroborated
quotes from a broker or investment manager.   

          Fixed
income investment funds categorized as Level 2 are valued by the trustee using pricing models that use verifiable observable market data (e.g., interest rates and
yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals), bids provided by brokers or dealers, or quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics.   

          Hedge
funds categorized as Level 3 are valued based on valuation models that include significant unobservable inputs and cannot be corroborated using verifiable observable market
data. Hedge funds are valued by independent administrators. Depending on the nature of the assets, the general partners or independent administrators use both the income and market approaches in their
models. The market approach consists of analyzing market transactions for comparable assets while the income approach uses earnings or the net present value of estimated future cash flows adjusted for
liquidity and other risk factors. As of September 30, 2016, there were no material changes to the valuation techniques.   

Multiemployer Pension Plans     

          The Company participates in over 200 construction-industry multiemployer pension plans. Generally, the plans provide defined benefits to
substantially all employees covered by collective bargaining   

  102  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

7. Pension Benefit Obligations (Continued)    

  agreements.
Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, a contributor to a multiemployer plan is liable, upon termination or withdrawal from a plan, for its proportionate share of a plan's
unfunded vested liability. The Company's aggregate contributions to these multiemployer plans were $49.5 million and $54.5 million for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, none of the plans in which the Company participates are individually significant to its consolidated financial statements.   

8. Debt     

Debt consisted of the following:   

The
following table presents, in millions, scheduled maturities of the Company's debt as of September 30, 2016:   

2014 Credit Agreement     

The Company entered into a credit agreement (Credit Agreement) on October 17, 2014, as amended, consisting of (i) a term loan A
facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.925 billion, (ii) a term loan B facility in an aggregate principal amount of $0.76 billion and (iii) a revolving credit
facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.05 billion. These facilities under the Credit Agreement may be increased by an additional amount of up to $500 million. The Credit
Agreement's term extends to September 29, 2021 with respect to the revolving credit facility and the term loan A facility and October 17, 2021 with respect to the term loan B facility.
Some subsidiaries of the Company (Guarantors) have guaranteed the obligations of the borrowers under the Credit Agreement. The borrowers' obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a lien
on substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors pursuant to a   

  103  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

8. Debt (Continued)    

  security
and pledge agreement (Security Agreement). The collateral under the Security Agreement is subject to release upon fulfillment of certain conditions specified in the Credit Agreement and
Security Agreement.   

          The
Credit Agreement contains covenants that limit the Company's ability and certain of its subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist
liens; (ii) incur or guarantee indebtedness; (iii) pay dividends or repurchase stock; (iv) enter into transactions with affiliates; (v) consummate asset sales, acquisitions
or mergers; (vi) enter into certain types of burdensome agreements; or (vii) make investments.   

On
July 1, 2015, the Credit Agreement was amended to revise the definition of "Consolidated EBITDA" to increase the allowance for acquisition and integration expenses related to
the acquisition of URS.   

          On
December 22, 2015, the Credit Agreement was amended to further revise the definition of "Consolidated EBITDA" by further increasing the allowance for acquisition and
integration expenses related to the acquisition of URS and to allow for an internal corporate restructuring primarily involving its international subsidiaries.   

          On
September 29, 2016, the Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement were amended to (1) lower the applicable interest rate margins for the term loan A and the revolving
credit facilities, and lower
the applicable letter of credit fees and commitment fees to the revised consolidated leverage levels; (2) extend the term of the term loan A and the revolving credit facility to
September 29, 2021; (3) add a new delayed draw term loan A facility tranche in the amount of $185.0 million; (4) replace the then existing $500 million performance
letter of credit facility with a $500 million basket to enter into secured letters of credit outside the Credit Agreement; and (5) revise certain covenants, including the Maximum
Consolidated Leverage Ratio so that the step down from a 5.00 to a 4.75 leverage ratio is effective as of March 31, 2017 as well as the investment basket for its AECOM Capital business.   

Under
the Credit Agreement, the Company is subject to a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio at the end of each fiscal quarter. The
Company's Consolidated Leverage Ratio was 4.3 at September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the covenants of the Credit Agreement.   

          At
September 30, 2016 and 2015, outstanding standby letters of credit totaled $92.3 million and $92.5 million, respectively, under the Company's revolving credit
facilities. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had $888.4 million and $947.6 million, respectively, available under its revolving credit facility.   

2014 Senior Notes     

On October 6, 2014, the Company completed a private placement offering of $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.750% Senior
Notes due 2022 (2022 Notes) and $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.875% Senior Notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes and, together with the 2022 Notes, the 2014 Senior Notes or Notes).   

As
of September 30, 2016, the estimated fair value of its 2014 Senior Notes was approximately $838.0 million for the 2022 Notes and $850.0 million for the 2024
Notes. The fair value of the Notes as of   

  104  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

8. Debt (Continued)    

  September 30,
2016 was derived by taking the mid-point of the trading prices from an observable market input (Level 2) in the secondary bond market and multiplying it by the outstanding
balance of its Notes.   

          At
any time prior to October 15, 2017, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2022 Notes, at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus a "make whole"
premium as of the redemption date, and accrued and unpaid interest (subject to the rights of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment
date). In addition, at any time prior to October 15, 2017, the Company may redeem up to 35% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes with the proceeds of one or more equity
offerings, at a redemption price equal to 105.750%, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Furthermore, at any time on or after October 15, 2017, the Company may redeem the 2022 Notes, in whole or
in part, at once or over time, at the specified redemption prices plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. At any time prior to July 15, 2024, the Company may redeem on
one or more occasions all or part of the 2024 Notes at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus (ii) a "make-whole" premium as of the date of
the redemption, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. In addition, on or after July 15, 2024, the 2024 Notes may be redeemed at a redemption price of 100% of the
principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption.   

          The
indenture pursuant to which the 2014 Senior Notes were issued contains customary events of default, including, among other things, payment default, exchange default, failure to
provide certain notices thereunder and certain provisions related to bankruptcy events. The indenture also contains customary negative covenants.   

          In
connection with the offering of the Notes, the Company and the Guarantors entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2014 to exchange the Notes for
registered notes having terms substantially identical in all material respects (except certain transfer restrictions, registration rights and additional interest provisions relating to the Notes will
not apply to the registered notes). The Company filed an initial registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC on July 6, 2015 that was declared effective by the SEC on
September 29, 2015. On November 2, 2015, the Company completed its exchange offer which exchanged the Notes for the registered notes, as well as all related guarantees.   

          The
Company was in compliance with the covenants relating to the Notes as of September 30, 2016.   

URS Senior Notes     

In connection with the URS acquisition, the Company assumed URS's 3.85% Senior Notes due 2017 (2017 URS Senior Notes) and its 5.00% Senior Notes
due 2022 (2022 URS Senior Notes), totaling $1.0 billion (URS Senior Notes). The URS acquisition triggered change in control provisions in the URS Senior Notes that allowed the holders of the
URS Senior Notes to redeem their URS Senior Notes at a cash price equal to 101% of the principal amount and, accordingly, the Company redeemed $572.3 million of the URS Senior Notes on
October 24, 2014. The
URS Senior Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of AECOM Global II, LLC (as successor in interest to URS) and URS Fox US LP and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a
joint-and-several basis by certain former URS domestic subsidiary guarantors.   

          As
of September 30, 2016, the estimated fair value of the URS Senior Notes was approximately $180.1 million for the 2017 URS Senior Notes and $243.6 million for the
2022 URS Senior Notes. The carrying value of the URS Senior Notes on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   

  105  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

8. Debt (Continued)    

  September 30,
2016 was $180.1 million for the 2017 URS Senior Notes and $247.6 million for the 2022 URS Senior Notes. The fair value of the URS Senior Notes as of
September 30, 2016 was derived by taking the mid-point of the trading prices from an observable market input (Level 2) in the secondary bond market and multiplying it by the outstanding
balance of the URS Senior Notes.   

          As
of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the covenants relating to the URS Senior Notes.   

Other Debt     

Other debt consists primarily of obligations under capital leases and loans, and unsecured credit facilities. The Company's unsecured credit
facilities are primarily used for standby letters of credit issued for payment of performance guarantees. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, these outstanding standby letters of credit totaled
$382.2 million and $344.0 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $546.2 million available under these unsecured credit facilities.   

Effective Interest Rate     

The Company's average effective interest rate on its total debt, including the effects of the interest rate swap agreements, during the year
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 4.4% and 4.2%, respectively.   

9. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements     

The Company uses certain interest rate derivative contracts to hedge interest rate exposures on the Company's variable rate debt. The Company enters into foreign currency derivative
contracts with financial institutions to reduce the risk that its cash flows and earnings will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The Company's hedging program is
not designated for trading or speculative purposes.   

          The
Company recognizes derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The Company records changes in the fair value
(i.e., gains or losses) of the derivatives that have been designated as accounting hedges in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as cost of revenue, interest expense or to
accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.   

Cash Flow Hedges      

The Company uses interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges to fix the variable interest rates on portions of the Company's
debt. The Company also uses foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges to hedge forecasted revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company
initially reports any gain on the effective portion of a cash flow hedge as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. Depending on the type of cash flow hedge, the gain is subsequently
reclassified to either interest expense when the interest expense on the variable rate debt is recognized, or to cost of revenue when the hedged revenues are recorded. If the hedged transaction
becomes probable of not occurring, any gain or loss related to interest rate swap agreements or foreign currency contracts would be recognized in other income (expense). Further, the Company excludes
the change in the time value of the foreign currency contracts from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The   

  106  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

9. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements (Continued)    

  Company
records the premium paid or time value of a contract on the date of purchase as an asset. Thereafter, the Company recognizes any change to this time value in cost of revenue.   

The
notional principal, fixed rates and related expiration dates of the Company's outstanding interest rate swap agreements were as follows:   

The
notional principal of outstanding foreign currency contracts to purchase Australian dollars (AUD) was AUD 58.6 million (or $43.4 million) at September 30, 2016.
The notional principal of outstanding foreign currency contracts to purchase Australian dollars with U.S. dollars was AUD 98.1 million (or $74.1 million) at September 30,
2015.   

Other Foreign Currency Forward Contracts      

The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts which are not designated as accounting hedges to hedge intercompany transactions and other
monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. Gains and losses on these contracts were not material for the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.   

Fair Value Measurements      

The Company's non-pension financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair values relate to derivative instruments and were not material at
September 30, 2016 or 2015.   

          See
Note 17 for accumulated balances and reporting period activities of derivatives related to reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss for the
years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss from the Company's foreign currency options were immaterial for all years presented.
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into income from the foreign currency options were immaterial for all years presented. Additionally, there were no losses recognized in
income due to amounts excluded from effectiveness testing from the Company's interest rate swap agreements.   

          During
the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company entered into two contingent consideration arrangements in connection with business acquisitions. Under the
arrangements, the Company agreed to pay cash to the sellers if certain financial performance thresholds are achieved in the future. The fair value of the contingent consideration liability as of
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $39 million and $39 million, respectively, and is a Level 3 fair value measurement recorded within other   

  107  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

9. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements (Continued)    

  accrued
liabilities. It was valued based on estimated future net cash flows. After the initial recording of this liability as a part of purchase accounting, there were no material subsequent changes
in fair value through September 30, 2016. Any future changes in the fair value of this contingent consideration liability will be recognized in earnings during the applicable period.   

10. Concentration of Credit Risk     

Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash investments and trade receivables. The Company's cash balances
and short-term investments are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located primarily in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Australia, Middle East and Hong Kong. If the Company
extends significant credit to clients in a specific geographic area or industry, the Company may experience disproportionately high levels of default if those clients are adversely affected by factors
particular to their geographic area or industry. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited due to the large number of customers comprising the Company's customer
base, including, in large part, governments, government agencies and quasi-government organizations, and their dispersion across many different industries and geographies. See Note 19 regarding
the Company's foreign revenues. In order to mitigate credit risk, the Company continually reviews the credit worthiness of its major private clients.   

11. Leases     

The Company and its subsidiaries are lessees in non-cancelable leasing agreements for office buildings
and equipment. The related payments are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term, including, as applicable, any free-rent period during which the Company has the right to use the asset.
For leases with renewal options where the renewal is reasonably assured, the lease term, including the renewal period is used to determine the appropriate lease classification and to compute periodic
rental expense. The following table presents, in millions, amounts payable under non-cancelable operating lease commitments during the following fiscal years:   

Rent
expense for leases for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was approximately $383.7 million, $395.9 million, and $210.4 million,
respectively. When the Company is required to restore leased facilities to original condition, provisions are made over the period of the lease.   

  108  

Table of Contents    

AECOM     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

12. Stockholders' Equity     

             Common Stock Units     Common stock units are only redeemable for common stock. In the event of liquidation of the Company, holders of stock units are
entitled to no greater rights than holders of common stock. See also Note 13.   

13. Share-Based Payments     

             Defined Contribution Plans     Substantially all permanent employees are eligible to participate in defined contribution plans provided by the
Company.
Under these plans, participants may make contributions into a variety of funds, including a fund that is fully invested in Company stock. Employees are not required to allocate any funds to Company
stock. Employees may generally reallocate their account balances on a daily basis; however, employees classified as insiders are restricted under the Company's insider trading policy. Compensation
expense relating to these employer contributions under defined contribution plans for fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $26.8 million, $13.3 million, and
$14.4 million, respectively.   

             Stock Incentive Plans     Under the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, the Company has up to 10.9 million securities remaining available for future
issuance as of September 30, 2016. Stock options may be granted to employees and non-employee directors with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of
grant. Unexercised options expire seven years after date of grant.   

          During
the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, option activity was as follows:   

109  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

13. Share-Based Payments (Continued)    

          The
following table summarizes information concerning outstanding and exercisable options as of September 30, 2016:   

The
remaining contractual life of options outstanding at September 30, 2016 range from 0.76 to 6.72 years and have a weighted average remaining contractual life of
5.65 years. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $0.6 million, $2.1 million, and
$4.3 million, respectively.   

          The
fair value of the Company's employee stock option awards is estimated on the date of grant. The expected term of awards granted represents the period of time the awards are expected
to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury bond rates with maturities equal to the expected term of the option on the grant date. The Company uses historical data as a
basis to estimate the probability of forfeitures. No stock options were granted during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

          The
Company grants stock units to employees under its Performance Earnings Program (PEP), whereby units are earned and issued dependent upon meeting established cumulative performance
objectives and vesting over a three-year period. Additionally, the Company issues restricted stock units to employees which are earned based on service conditions. The grant date fair value of PEP
awards and restricted stock unit awards is that day's closing market price of the Company's common stock. The weighted average grant date fair value of PEP awards was $29.91, $32.32, and $29.32 during
the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock unit awards was $29.82, $31.05, and $29.60 during the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Included in the restricted stock unit grants during the twelve months ended
September 30, 2015 were 2.6 million restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of $30.04 per share that were converted from unvested URS service based restricted stock awards
assumed by the Company in connection with the acquisition of URS. Total compensation expense related to these share-based payments including stock options was $73.4 million,
$112.2 million, and $34.4 million during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Included in total compensation expense during the twelve months ended
September 30, 2015 was $43.9 million related to the settlement of accelerated URS equity awards with $17.6 million of Company stock and $26.3 million in cash which was
classified as acquisition and integration expense. Unrecognized compensation expense related to total share-based payments outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $91.8 million
and $115.5 million, respectively, to be recognized on a straight-line basis over the awards' respective vesting periods which are generally three years.   

  110  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

13. Share-Based Payments (Continued)    

          Cash
flow attributable to tax benefits resulting from tax deductions in excess of compensation cost recognized for those stock options (excess tax benefits) is classified as financing
cash flows. Excess tax benefits of $0.0 million, $3.6 million, and $0.7 million for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, have been classified as
financing cash inflows in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.   

14. Income Taxes     

Income before income taxes included income (loss) from domestic operations of $51.6 million, $(214.6) million, and $138.2 million for fiscal years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and income from foreign operations of $74.0 million, $63.1 million, and $176.6 million for fiscal years ended September 30, 2016,
2015 and 2014.   

          Income
tax (benefit) expense was comprised of:   

111  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14. Income Taxes (Continued)    

          The
major elements contributing to the difference between the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35.0% and the effective tax rate are as follows:   

During
the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized a $10.1 million and $19.4 million tax benefit related to U.S. tax incentives and credits
that previously expired on December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and were subsequently extended due to a change in tax law.   

  112  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14. Income Taxes (Continued)    

          The
deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows:   

As
a result of certain realization requirements of ASC 718, the table of deferred tax assets and liabilities does not include certain deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016,
that arose directly from tax deductions related to equity compensation that are greater than the compensation recognized for financial reporting. Equity will be increased by $3.8 million if and
when such deferred tax assets are ultimately realized.   

          As
of September 30, 2016, the Company has available unused federal, state and foreign net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of $503.8 million, $960.1 million and
$789.6 million, respectively, which expire at various dates over the next several years; some foreign NOL carryforwards never expire. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, the Company
has unused federal and state research and development credits of $67.4 million and $19.2 million, respectively, and California Enterprise Zone Tax Credits of $6.2 million.   

          As
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, gross deferred tax assets were $1,084.7 million and $896.7 million, respectively. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance
of approximately $183.8 million and $239.4 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily related to state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards and
credits and deferred tax assets related to certain pension obligations (primarily in the United Kingdom and Canada). The Company has performed an assessment of positive and negative evidence,
including the nature, frequency, and severity of cumulative financial reporting losses in recent years, the future reversal of existing temporary differences, predictability of future taxable income
exclusive of reversing temporary differences of the character necessary to realize the asset, relevant   

  113  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14. Income Taxes (Continued)    

  carryforward
periods, taxable income in carry-back years if carry-back is permitted under tax law, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that would be implemented, if necessary, to protect
against the loss of the deferred tax asset that would otherwise expire. Although realization is not assured, based on the Company's assessment, the Company has concluded that it is more likely than
not that the remaining gross deferred tax asset (exclusive of deferred tax liabilities) of $900.9 million will be realized and, as such, no additional valuation allowance has been provided. The
net decrease in the valuation allowance of $55.6 million is primarily attributable to the release of $36.2 million of valuation allowances for the United Kingdom and Australia, $27.2
million impact from the change in the United Kingdom tax rate and the utilization of $10.7 million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards in the current year, partially offset by increases
in valuation allowances for unbenefitable losses.   

          Upon
the acquisition of URS in October 2014, the Company had previously recorded a valuation allowance primarily against foreign net operating losses and deferred tax assets related to
the pension obligation, consistent with those described above. Tax jurisdictions largely contributing to the URS related valuation allowance included $92.8 million recorded for the United
Kingdom, $22.5 million recorded for Canada, $9.3 million recorded for the United States and $2.9 million recorded for Australia. In its determination of the realizability of its
deferred tax assets, the Company evaluated positive evidence consisting of positive earnings trends over a sustainable period, positive economic conditions in the industries we operate in, possible
prudent and feasible tax planning strategies (net of costs to implement the tax planning strategies) and actual usage of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company also evaluated
negative evidence consisting of significant net operating loss carryforwards, the cumulative history of losses in recent years, restriction on usage of losses under relevant tax laws, projections of
future operations and economic downturns in the industries that we operate in. This evaluation was conducted on a tax jurisdictional basis or legal entity basis, as applicable, and based on the
weighing of all positive and negative evidence, a determination was made as to the realizability of the deferred tax assets on that same basis.   

          Certain
valuation allowances in the amount of $23.3 million in the United Kingdom have been released due to sufficient positive evidence obtained during the year ended
September 30, 2016. We evaluated the new positive evidence against any negative evidence and determined the valuation allowance was no longer necessary. This new positive evidence includes
reaching a position of cumulative income over a
three year period and the use of net operating losses on a taxable basis. In addition, the Company's United Kingdom affiliate has strong projected earnings in the United Kingdom.   

          During
the third quarter of 2016, the Company's Australian affiliate made an election in Australia to combine the tax results of the URS Australia business with the AECOM Australia
business. This election resulted in the ability to utilize the URS Australia businesses' deferred tax assets against the combined future earnings of the Australian group and accordingly, the valuation
allowance of $12.9 million was released.   

          Generally,
the Company would reverse its valuation allowance in a particular tax jurisdiction if the positive evidence examined, such as projected and sustainable earnings or a
tax-planning strategy that allows for the usage of the deferred tax asset, is sufficient to overcome significant negative evidence, such as large net operating loss carryforwards or a cumulative
history of losses in recent years. Given the current and forecasted earnings trend in the United Kingdom, sufficient positive evidence in the form of sustained earnings may become available in 2017 to
release all or a portion of the related valuation allowance. Certain operations in Canada continue to forecast losses and the valuation allowances could be reduced if   

  114  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14. Income Taxes (Continued)    

  the
earnings trends reverse. In the United States, the valued deferred tax assets have a restricted life or use under relevant tax law and, therefore, it is unlikely that the valuation allowance
related to these assets will reverse. In addition, the Company is continually investigating tax planning strategies that, if prudent and feasible, may be implemented to realize a deferred tax asset
that would otherwise expire unutilized. The identification and internal/external approval (as relevant) of such a prudent and feasible tax planning strategy could cause a reduction in the valuation
allowance.   

          As
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company has remaining tax-deductible goodwill of $210.8 million and $261.2 million, respectively, resulting from acquisitions.
The amortization of this goodwill is deductible over various periods ranging up to 15 years.   

Generally,
the Company does not provide for U.S. taxes or foreign withholding taxes on gross book-tax differences in its non-U.S. subsidiaries because such basis differences of
approximately $1.6 billion are able to and intended to be reinvested indefinitely. If these basis differences were distributed, foreign tax credits could become available under current law to
partially or fully reduce the resulting U.S. income tax liability. There may also be additional US or foreign income tax liability upon repatriaton, although the calculation of such additional taxes
is not practicable. The Company has recorded a deferred tax liability in the amount of $113.2 million relating to certain foreign subsidiaries for which the basis differences are not intended
to be reinvested indefinitely.   

          As
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, including potential interest and penalties, net of related tax benefit, totaling
$96.8 million and $107.6 million, respectively. The gross unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $87.9 million and $95.2 million,
respectively, excluding interest, penalties, and related tax benefit. Of the $87.9 million, approximately $71.6 million would be included in the effective tax rate if recognized. A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:   

The
Company classifies interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As of
September 30, 2016, the accrued interest and penalties were $12.5 million and $2.6 million, respectively, excluding any related income tax benefits. At September 30, 2015,
the accrued interest and penalties, including balances acquired in the URS acquisition, were $13.9 million and $3.5 million, respectively, excluding any related income tax benefits.   

  115  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

14. Income Taxes (Continued)    

          The
Company files income tax returns in numerous tax jurisdictions, including the U.S., and numerous U.S. states and non-U.S. jurisdictions around the world. The statute of limitations
varies by jurisdiction in which the Company operates. Because of the number of jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns, in any given year the statute of limitations in certain
jurisdictions may expire without examination within the 12-month period from the balance sheet date.   

The
Company concluded its examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2010 and September 30, 2011 in the fourth quarter of
2016, with no material adjustments. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service initiated an examination of URS for the years ended December 31, 2012, December 31, 2013 and October 17, 2014
in August 2016. With a few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. state or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before fiscal 2011.   

          While
it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months, an estimate of the range of
possible change cannot be made.   

15. Earnings Per Share     

Basic earnings per share (EPS) excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net income available for common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for
the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and potential common shares for the period. The Company includes as potential
common
shares the weighted average dilutive effects of outstanding stock options and restricted stock units using the treasury stock method. For the periods presented, options excluded from the calculation
of potential common shares were not significant. The computation of diluted loss per share for the year ended September 30, 2015 excludes 1.7 million of potential common shares due to
their antidilutive effect.   

          The
following table sets forth a reconciliation of the denominators of basic and diluted earnings per share:   

116  

Table of Contents    

AECOM     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

16. Other Financial Information     

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following:   

Accrued
contract costs above included professional liability accruals of $611.0 million as of September 30, 2016. The remaining accrued contract costs primarily relate to
costs for services provided by subcontractors and other non-employees. Liabilities recorded related to accrued contract losses were not material as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company
did not have material revisions to estimates for contracts where revenue is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016.   

During
the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded revenue and a noncurrent asset related to the expected accelerated recovery of a pension related
entitlement from the federal government of approximately $50 million. The actual amount of reimbursement may vary from the Company's expectation.   

17. Reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss     

The accumulated balances and reporting period activities for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 related to reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive
loss are summarized as follows (in millions):   

117  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

17. Reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Continued)    

18. Commitments and Contingencies     

The Company records amounts representing its probable estimated liabilities relating to claims, guarantees, litigation, audits and investigations. The Company relies in part on qualified
actuaries to assist it in determining the level of reserves to establish for insurance-related claims that are known and have been asserted against it, and for insurance-related claims that are
believed to have been incurred based on actuarial analysis, but have not yet been reported to the Company's claims administrators as of the respective balance sheet dates. The Company includes any
adjustments to such insurance reserves in its consolidated results of operations. The Company's reasonably possible loss disclosures are presented on a gross basis prior to the consideration of
insurance recoveries. The Company does not record gain contingencies until they are realized. In the ordinary course of business, the Company may not be aware that it or its affiliates are under
investigation and may not be aware of whether or not a known investigation has been concluded.   

          In
the ordinary course of business, the Company may enter into various arrangements providing financial or performance assurance to clients, lenders, or partners. Such arrangements
include standby letters of credit, surety bonds, and corporate guarantees to support the creditworthiness or the project execution commitments of its affiliates, partnerships and joint ventures.
Performance arrangements typically have various expiration dates ranging from the completion of the project contract and extending beyond contract completion in certain circumstances such as for
warranties. The Company may also   

  118  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

18. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)    

  guarantee
that a project, when complete, will achieve specified performance standards. If the project subsequently fails to meet guaranteed performance standards, the Company may incur additional
costs, pay liquidated damages or be held responsible for the costs incurred by the client to achieve the required performance standards. The potential payment amount of an outstanding performance
arrangement is typically the remaining cost of work to be performed by or on behalf of third parties. Generally, under joint venture arrangements, if a partner is financially unable to complete its
share of the contract, the other partner(s) may be required to complete those activities.   

          At
September 30, 2016, the Company was contingently liable in the amount of approximately $474.5 million in issued standby letters of credit and $3.3 billion in
issued surety bonds primarily to support project execution.   

          In
the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into various agreements providing financial or performance assurances to clients on behalf of certain unconsolidated partnerships,
joint ventures and other jointly executed contracts. These agreements are entered into primarily to support the project execution commitments of these entities.   

          In
addition, in connection with the investment activities of AECOM Capital, the Company provides guarantees of certain obligations, including guarantees for completion of projects,
repayment of debt, environmental indemnity obligations and acts of willful misconduct.   

DOE Deactivation, Demolition, and Removal Project      

Washington Group International, an Ohio company (WGI Ohio), an affiliate of URS, executed a cost-reimbursable task order with the Department of
Energy (DOE) in 2007 to provide deactivation, demolition and removal services at a New York State project site that, during 2010, experienced contamination and performance issues and remains
uncompleted. In February 2011, WGI Ohio and the DOE executed a Task Order Modification that changed some cost-reimbursable contract provisions to at-risk. The Task Order Modification, including
subsequent amendments, requires the DOE to pay all project costs up to $106 million, requires WGI Ohio and the DOE to equally share in all project costs incurred from $106 million to
$146 million, and requires WGI Ohio to pay all project costs exceeding $146 million.   

Due
to unanticipated requirements and permitting delays by federal and state agencies, as well as delays and related ground stabilization activities caused by Hurricane Irene in 2011,
WGI Ohio has been required to perform work outside the scope of the Task Order Modification. In December 2014, WGI Ohio submitted claims against the DOE pursuant to the Contracts Disputes Acts seeking
recovery of $103 million, including additional fees on changed work scope.   

          Due
to significant delays and uncertainties about responsibilities for the scope of remaining work, final project completion costs and other associated costs may exceed
$100 million over the contracted amounts. In addition, WGI Ohio assets and liabilities, including the value of the above costs and claims, were also measured at their fair value on
October 17, 2014, the date AECOM acquired WGI Ohio's parent company, see Note 3, which is reevaluated to account for developments pertaining to this matter.   

          WGI
Ohio can provide no certainty that it will recover the DOE claims and fees submitted in December 2014, as well as any other project costs after December 2014 that WGI Ohio may be
obligated to incur including the remaining project completion costs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations.   

  119  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

18. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)    

AECOM Australia      

In 2005 and 2006, the Company's main Australian subsidiary, AECOM Australia Pty Ltd (AECOM Australia), performed a traffic forecast
assignment for a client consortium as part of the client's project to design, build, finance and operate a tolled motorway tunnel in Australia. To fund the motorway's design and construction, the
client formed certain special purpose vehicles (SPVs) that raised approximately $700 million Australian dollars through an initial public offering (IPO) of equity units in 2006 and
approximately an additional $1.4 billion Australian dollars in long term bank loans. The SPVs went into insolvency administrations in February 2011.   

          KordaMentha,
the receivers for the SPVs (the RCM Applicants), caused a lawsuit to be filed against AECOM Australia by the RCM Applicants in the Federal Court of Australia on
May 14, 2012. Portigon AG (formerly WestLB AG), one of the lending banks to the SPVs, filed a lawsuit in the Federal Court of Australia against AECOM Australia on May 18,
2012. Separately, a class action lawsuit, which has been amended to include approximately 770 of the IPO investors, was filed against AECOM Australia in the Federal Court of Australia on
May 31, 2012.   

          All
of the lawsuits claim damages that purportedly resulted from AECOM Australia's role in connection with the above described traffic forecast. On July 10, 2015, AECOM Australia,
the RCM Applicants and Portigon AG entered into a Deed of Release settling the respective lawsuits for $205 million (U.S. dollars).   

          On
May 31, 2016, AECOM Australia and other parties to the class action lawsuit entered into a conditional settlement aggregating to $91 million (U.S. Dollars) with the
class action applicants on a "no admissions" basis. The Federal Court of Australia conducted a hearing on August 10, 2016 and approved the settlement amount and all claims between the parties
have been released. The class action settlement did not have a material impact on the Company's financial results.   

DOE Hanford Nuclear Reservation      

URS Energy and Construction, Washington River Protection Solutions LLC and Washington Closure Hanford LLC (collectively the URS
Affiliates) perform services under multiple contracts (including under the Waste Treatment Plant contract, the Tank Farm contract and the River Corridor contract) at the DOE's Hanford nuclear
reservation that have been subject to various government investigations or litigation matters:  

Waste Treatment Plant government investigation: The federal government is conducting an investigation into the Company's affiliate, URS
Energy   Construction, a subcontractor on the Waste Treatment Plant, regarding contractual compliance and various technical issues in the design, development and construction of the Waste
Treatment Plant. The federal government and URS Energy   Construction have engaged in settlement discussions towards a resolution of this matter.   
            Tank Farms government investigation: The federal government is conducting an investigation regarding the time keeping of employees at the
Company's joint venture, Washington River Protection Solutions LLC, when the joint venture took over as the prime contractor from another federal contractor. The federal government and
Washington River Protection Solutions LLC have engaged in advanced settlement discussions and Washington River Protection Solutions LLC reassessed its estimate of the matter, which is
not expected to have a material impact.    
 
  120  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

18. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)    

River Corridor litigation: The federal government has partially intervened with a relator in a Qui Tam complaint filed in the Eastern District
of Washington in December 2013 against the Company's joint venture, Washington Closure Hanford LLC, alleging that its contracting procedures under the Small Business Act violated the False
Claims Act. On October 2015, Washington Closure Hanford LLC's motion to dismiss the claim was partially denied.    

The
URS Affiliates periodically reevaluate the estimated fair value of liabilities assumed from URS Corporation, including the legal related liabilities described above and in
Note 3, to account for developments related to the Hanford matters. The URS Affiliates dispute the Waste Treatment Plant and River Corridor matters and intend to continue to defend these
ongoing matters vigorously, although the URS Affiliates are engaging in the settlement discussions noted above. The URS Affiliates cannot provide assurances that they will be successful in these
defense or settlement efforts. The potential range of loss and any difference from the current accrual cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, primarily due to the fact that these matters involve
complex and unique environmental and regulatory issues; each project site contains multiple parties, including various local, state and federal government agencies; conflicts of law between local,
state and federal regulations; substantial uncertainty regarding any alleged damages; and the various stages of the government investigations or litigation matters.   

Securities Litigation Matter      

On September 1, 2016, William Graves, an AECOM stockholder, filed a securities class action complaint in the United States District Court
for the Central District of California alleging that the Company and its senior executives made materially false and misleading statements in violation of the federal securities laws. The Company
believes the complaint is without merit and intends to vigorously defend against it. While no assurance can be given as to the ultimate outcome of this action, the Company believes that the final
resolution of this action will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or ability to conduct business.   

19. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information     

The Company's operations are organized into three reportable segments: Design and Consulting Services (DCS), Construction Services (CS), and Management Services (MS). The Company's DCS
reportable segment delivers planning, consulting, architectural, environmental, and engineering design services to commercial and government clients worldwide. The Company's CS reportable segment
provides construction services primarily in the Americas. The Company's MS reportable segment provides program and facilities management and maintenance, training, logistics, consulting, and technical
assistance and systems integration services, primarily for agencies of the U.S. government. These reportable segments are organized by the types of services provided, the differing specialized needs
of the respective clients, and how the Company manages its business. The Company has aggregated various operating segments into its reportable segments based on their similar characteristics,
including similar long term financial performance, the nature of services provided, internal processes for delivering those services, and types of customers.   

  121  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

19. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information (Continued)    

          The
following tables set forth summarized financial information concerning the Company's reportable segments:   

122  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

19. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information (Continued)    

Geographic Information:     

The
Company attributes revenue by geography based on the external customer's country of origin. Long-lived assets consist of noncurrent assets excluding deferred tax assets.   

20. Major Clients     

Other than the U.S. federal government, no single client accounted for 10% or more of the Company's revenue in any of the past five fiscal years. Approximately 23%, 24%, and 15% of the
Company's revenue was derived through direct contracts with agencies of the U.S. federal government in the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. One of these contracts
accounted for approximately 3%, 2%, and 3% of the Company's revenue in the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.   

  123  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

21. Quarterly Financial Information Unaudited     

In the opinion of management, the following unaudited quarterly data reflects all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the results of operations. All such adjustments are of a
normal recurring nature.   

124  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

21. Quarterly Financial Information Unaudited (Continued)    

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information     

As discussed in Note 8, on October 6, 2014, AECOM issued $800.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 2022 Notes and $800.0 million aggregate principal
amount of its 2024 Notes in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). AECOM filed a Registration Statement on
Form S-4 relating to the offer to exchange the Notes for new 5.75% Senior Notes due 2022 and 5.875% Senior Notes due 2024 that was declared effective by the SEC on September 29, 2015.
The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by certain of AECOM's directly and indirectly 100% owned subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors). Other than customary
restrictions imposed by applicable statutes, there are no restrictions on the ability of the Subsidiary Guarantors to transfer funds to AECOM in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances.   

          In
connection with the registration of the exchange offer, AECOM became subject to the requirements of Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X regarding financial statements of
guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities registered or being registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The following condensed consolidating financial information, which is
presented for AECOM, the Subsidiary Guarantors on a combined basis and AECOM's non-guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis, is provided to satisfy the disclosure requirements of Rule 3-10 of
Regulation S-X.   

  125  

Table of Contents    

AECOM     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)     

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets   (in millions)   September 30, 2016            

126  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)    

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets   (in millions)   September 30, 2015            

127  

Table of Contents    

AECOM     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)     

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations   (in millions)            

128  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)    

Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (in millions)            

129  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)    

130  

Table of Contents    

AECOM     

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)     

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)     

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows   (in millions)            

131  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)    

132  

Table of Contents   

AECOM    

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    

22. Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)    

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows   (in millions)            

133  

Table of Contents    

AECOM Technology Corporation              Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts              (amounts in millions)            

(a)    Primarily
relates to accounts written-off and recoveries     

134  

Table of Contents    

ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE            

          None.    

ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES            

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures      

          Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, are responsible for establishing and maintaining "disclosure controls and procedures"
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) for our company. Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K was (i) recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.   

Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting      

          Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
company's principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   

          Our
management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, the end of our
fiscal year. Our management based its assessment on criteria established in    Internal Control Integrated Framework    (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our management's assessment included evaluation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting
controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment.   

          Based
on our management's assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016. Our management
communicated the results of its assessment to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.   

Our
independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst   Young LLP, audited our financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, and   

  135  

Table of Contents   

  has
issued an audit report with respect to the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, a copy of which is included earlier in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting      

          During the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls over accounting for the acquisition of
the URS Corporation related to (a) the alignment of accounting policies specific to forward loss reserves and (b) income tax accounts. To remediate the material weakness, we enhanced and
revised the design of existing controls and procedures to properly apply forward loss and income tax accounting. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we successfully completed the testing
necessary to conclude that the material weakness had been remediated.   

          Except
as noted above, our management, including our CEO and CFO, confirm that there were no other changes in our company's internal control over financial reporting during the last
fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our company's internal control over financial reporting.    

ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION            

None.   

PART III            

ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE            

          Incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of
our fiscal 2016 year end.    

ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION            

          Incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of
our fiscal 2016 year end.    

ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS            

Other than with respect to the information relating to our equity compensation plans, which is incorporated herein by reference to
Part II, Item 5, "Equity Compensation Plans" of this Form 10-K, the information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2016
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal 2016 year end.    

ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE            

Incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of
our fiscal 2016 year end.    

ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES            

          Incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed within 120 days of
our fiscal 2016 year end.   

  136  

Table of Contents   

PART IV            

ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES            

(a)    Documents
filed as part of this report:

(1)    The
company's Consolidated Financial Statements at September 30, 2016 and 2015 and for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016
and the notes thereto, together with the report of the independent auditors on those Consolidated Financial Statements are hereby filed as part of this report.
      (2)    Financial
Statement Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
      (3)    See
Exhibits and Index to Exhibits, below.
     
   (b)    Exhibits.    

137  

Table of Contents   

138  

Table of Contents   

139  

Table of Contents   

140  

Table of Contents   

141  

Table of Contents   

142  

Table of Contents   

Incorporated by 
Reference (Exchange Act 
Filings Located at File 
No. 0-52423)    

Exhibit 
Number    

Filed 
Herewith    

Exhibit Description    
     
   Form    
     
   Exhibit    
     
   Filing Date    

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  

X  

#    Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
      *    Document
has been furnished and not filed.
           Indicates
a material agreement previously filed by URS Corporation, a public company acquired by AECOM on October 17, 2014.     

143  

Table of Contents    

SIGNATURE            

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   

AECOM  

By:  
      
   /s/ W. TROY RUDD 

W. Troy Rudd     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)   

Date:  
      
   November 15, 2016  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the
date indicated.   

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ MICHAEL S. BURKE 

Michael S. Burke  
     
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  
     
  November 15, 2016  

/s/ W. TROY RUDD 

W. Troy Rudd  
     
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  
     
      November 15, 2016  

/s/ RONALD E. OSBORNE 

Ronald E. Osborne  
     
      Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)  
     
      November 15, 2016  

/s/ JAMES H. FORDYCE 

James H. Fordyce  
     
      Director  
     
      November 15, 2016  

144  

Table of Contents   

145  

<EX-10.12>
 2
 a2230294zex-10_12.htm
 EX-10.12

Exhibit 10.12   
     
   AECOM TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION   
   MANAGEMENT SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN   
     
    Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2005    
    Applicable to Benefits Earned or Vesting after December 31, 2004    

I.                                             ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE  
     
  1.1         Effective July 1, 1998, AECOM Technology Corporation (the  Company ) established the Management Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the  Plan ) to supplement the retirement benefits payable to certain employees under the AECOM Pension Plan. The Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan maintained by the Company primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees described in section 201(2) of ERISA.  
     
  1.2                                  The Plan has been amended and restated to read as set forth herein, effective as of January 1, 2005, to meet the requirements of section 409A of the Code. All benefits accrued and vested under the Plan on or before December 31, 2004 shall be payable under the terms of the Plan as in effect on December 31, 2004, and are intended to be subject to the grandfathering rules of section 409A of the Code. Benefits that accrued under the Plan prior to January 1, 2005 but that were not yet vested on December 31, 2004, as well as benefits accrued on and after January 1, 2005, are subject to section 409A of the Code, and shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the Plan as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2005. 
     
  1.3                                  During the period between January 1, 2005 (the effective date of section 409A of the Code) and the date of adoption of this Amendment and Restatement, the Company has administered the Plan with the intent of being in good faith compliance with section 409A of the Code. 
     
   II.                                        DEFINITIONS  
     
  2.1                                   Actuarial Equivalent  has the same meaning given that term under the AECOM Pension Plan. 
     
  2.2                                   AECOM Pension Plan  means the AECOM Technology Corporation Pension Plan, as amended from time to time. 
     
  2.3                                   AECOM SERP   means the (i) AECOM Technology Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, Dated October 1, 1992 (also known as the  1992 SERP ), or (ii) the AECOM Technology Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, Effective July 1, 1996 (also known as the  1996 SERP ), as applicable. 
     
  2.4                                   Beneficiary  means the person(s) designated by the Participant in writing to receive any death benefits payable under the AECOM Pension Plan. 
     
 2   

2.5                                   Board  means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
     
  2.6                                   Code  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, including the regulations and rulings of general applicability issued thereunder. 
     
  2.7                                   Committee  means the Pension Committee or such other committee designated or appointed by the Board to administer the Plan. 
     
  2.8                                   Company  means AECOM Technology Corporation. 
     
  2.9                                   Early Retirement Date  means the later of the Participant s attainment of age 55 or his completion of five years of vesting service, as determined under the AECOM Technology Corporation Pension Plan. 
     
  2.10                            Effective Date  means July 1, 1998. The Effective Date of this amendment and restatement of the Plan is January 1, 2005. 
     
  2.11                            ERISA  means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
     
  2.12                            Excess Benefit Plan  means the AECOM Technology Corporation Excess Benefit Plan. 
     
  2.13                            Participant  means an employee of the Company who (a) is a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees (within the meaning of Section 201(2) of ERISA), and (b) has ceased to participate in the AECOM Pension Plan pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.1(a)(2) thereof. The Committee shall maintain a record of Participants. 
     
  2.14                            Plan Administrator  means the Committee. 
     
  2.15                            Plan Year  means the twelve consecutive month period ending on September 30. 
     
  2.16                            Retirement Date  means the first day of the month following the latest of (i) the Participant s Early Retirement Date (unless the Participant has elected to receive a lump sum distribution of his Plan benefit, in which case this clause (i) shall be inapplicable), (ii) the Participant s Separation from Service for any reason, including death, or (iii) the date as of which the Participant has elected to receive or commence receiving his benefits under the Plan. 
     
  2.17                            Separation from Service  shall mean the Participant s complete termination of employment with all Employers and other entities affiliated with the 
     
 3   

Company, voluntarily or involuntarily, for any reason other than on account of death, or as otherwise provided under section 409A of the Code. For purposes of the foregoing, whether an entity is affiliated with the Company shall be determined pursuant to the controlled group rules of section 414 of the Code, as modified by section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant s employment relationship with the Employer shall be treated as continuing intact while the individual is on a military leave, sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six months (or longer, if required by statute or contract). If the period of the leave exceeds six months and the Participant s right to reemployment is not provided either by statute or contract, the employment relationship is deemed to terminate on the first day immediately following such six-month period, solely for purposes of applying section 409A of the Code.  
     
  2.18                            Specified Employee  means a Participant who, as of the date of the Participant s Separation from Service, is a  key employee  of the Company (within the meaning of section 416(i) of the Code, as modified by section 409A of the Code) at any time within the preceding 12-month period. A  key employee  is generally an employee who at any time during the 12-month period is: 
     
  (a)                                    An officer of the Company having annual compensation greater than $130,000 (as adjusted for changes in the cost of living pursuant to section 416(i)(1) of the Code), but limited to the 50 highest-paid officers of the Company; 
     
  (b)                                    A five-percent owner of the Company; or 
     
  (c)                                     A one-percent owner of the Company having annual compensation from the Company of more than $500,000. 
     
  2.19                            Spouse  means the person to whom the Participant is married on his Retirement Date. 
     
  2.20                            Total AECOM Pension Plan Benefit  means the annual benefit the participant would have received under the AECOM Pension Plan, if the following amendments to the AECOM Pension Plan had not been adopted: 
     
  (a)                                    The amendments effective July 1, 1998 and January 1, 2002, terminating participation for Members eligible for the AECOM Technology Corporation Incentive Compensation Plan; and 
     
 4   

(b)                                    The amendments effective October 31, 2004, terminating participation for certain Members who received Presidential bonuses. 
     
  For this purpose, the Offset Amount shall be calculated without regard to Section 3.1(a)(2)(v) of the AECOM Pension Plan.  
     
  2.21                            Year of Service  means a year of  Credited Service,  as such term is defined in the AECOM Pension Plan. 
     
   III.                                   BENEFITS  
     
  3.1                                   Plan Benefits  
     
  A Participant shall be entitled to a Plan benefit that equals (a) minus (b) minus (c), where:  
     
  (a)                                    Equals the Participant s Total AECOM Pension Plan Benefit; 
     
  (b)                                    Equals the annual benefit payable to the Participant under the AECOM Pension Plan; and 
     
  (c)          Equals the Participant s annual benefit under the Plan as of December 31, 2004, determined under the terms of the Plan as in effect on that date.  
     
  3.2                                   Rules Regarding Reductions  
     
  For purposes of calculating the amounts payable under the AECOM Pension Plan under Section 3.1, any portion of the Participant s benefit under the AECOM Pension Plan that is payable (or has been paid) to another person pursuant to a court order shall be treated as payable to the Participant.  
     
  3.3                                   Form of Benefit and Date of Commencement  
     
  (a)                                    Unless a Participant makes an election pursuant to paragraph (b), below, the Participant s benefit under the Plan shall be paid in equal monthly installments over the Participant s life, ending with the last payment made before his death. 
     
  (b)                                    Subject to paragraph (d), below, the Participant may instead elect to receive his benefit in any of the optional forms of benefit provided under the AECOM Pension Plan. 
     
 5   

(c)                                     If the Participant is a Specified Employee, the payment or commencement of payment of the portion of the benefit that accrued and vested on or after January 1, 2005 shall be delayed until six months following his Retirement Date, and it shall include any payments that would have been made since his Retirement Date but for the six-month delay. If the Participant is not a Specified Employee, payment shall be made or commence as of the first of the month coinciding with or next following his Retirement Date. 
     
  (d)                                    The Participant s election as to the form of his benefit must be made in writing within 30 days of the date he is notified by the Company of his participation in the Plan (or, if later, by December 31, 2008, or such later date established by the Internal Revenue Service in relevant transition guidance under section 409A of the Code). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a newly eligible Participant previously commenced participation in the Excess Benefit Plan or the AECOM SERP, the election made by the Participant under the first of such plans by which he became covered shall also serve as his election under this Plan. A Participant may file a new election as to the time or form of payment, provided all of the following conditions are met: (a) the election is made at least 12 months prior to the prior commencement date; (b) the election does not take effect for at least 12 months, and (c) the new election specifies a commencement date that is at least 5 years later than the prior commencement date. A Participant s election solely to switch from one actuarially equivalent form of annuity to another, made prior to the commencement date, is not considered a new election. At any time during which a Participant does not have a valid election on file with the Committee, the Participant shall be deemed to have elected to commence benefits in the normal form of payment for such Participant under the Pension Plan at the later of (1) the Participant s Early Retirement Date or (2) the Participant s Separation from Service. 
     
  3.4                                   Pre-Retirement Death Benefit  
     
  If the Participant dies while employed by the Company (whether or not before his Early Retirement Date), his surviving Spouse (if any) shall receive a monthly benefit for life equal to the amount that the Spouse would have received under the AECOM Pension Plan, minus the amount received under the AECOM Pension Plan. Such benefit shall commence as of the first day of the month coinciding with or next following the date of the Participant s death.  
     
 6   

IV.                               AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION  
     
  4.1                                   Amendment  
     
  Subject to the requirements of section 409A of the Code, the Board reserves the right in its discretion to amend this Plan at any time in whole or in part; provided, however, that no amendment shall result in the forfeiture of any Participant s Plan benefits earned prior to the date the Board adopts the amendment. The Company shall notify Participants (and the Spouses of deceased Participants) of any amendments that affect the amount or timing of benefits within 90 days of the effective date of such amendments.  
     
  4.2                                   Termination  
     
  The Board may terminate the Plan at any time, but only in accordance with the provisions of section 409A of the Code. The termination shall not result in the forfeiture of any Participant s benefits earned prior to the date on which the Board adopts the resolution terminating the Plan. In any event:  
     
  (a)                                    A termination of the Plan may not occur in response to a downturn in the financial health of the Company; 
     
  (b)                                    The Company shall terminate all other plans or arrangements of the same type (as determined under section 409A of the Code) concurrently with the termination of this Plan; and 
     
  (c)                                     The Company shall not adopt any new plan of the same type (as determined under section 409A of the Code) for at least three years following the termination of this Plan. 
     
  Following the Plan s termination pursuant to this Article IV, each Participant shall receive a lump sum payment of his vested Plan benefit. Such payment shall be made no less than 13 months or more than 24 months after the termination date, as determined by the Committee.  
     
   V.                                    ADMINISTRATION  
     
  5.1             The Plan shall be adopted by the Company and shall be administered by the Committee. 
     
  5.2             The Committee shall have the sole authority, in its discretion, to adopt, amend and rescind such rules and regulations as it deems advisable in the administration of the Plan, to construe and interpret the Plan, and the rules 
     
 7   

and regulations, and to make all other determinations and interpretations of the Plan. All decisions, determinations, and interpretations of the Committee shall be final and binding on all persons, except as otherwise provided by law. Committee members who are Participants shall abstain from voting on any Plan matters that would cause them to be in constructive receipt of benefits under the Plan. The Committee may delegate its responsibilities as it sees fit.  
     
  5.3                                  If a Participant or Spouse believes that benefits have been incorrectly calculated or denied, such person may file a claim with the Committee. The Committee shall follow the claims procedures set forth in the AECOM Pension Plan. 
     
  5.4                                  All Plan administrative expenses shall be paid by the Company. 
     
  5.5                                  The Company shall indemnify the Committee and each Committee member against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses (including reasonable counsel fees), and liability arising from any action, failure to act, or other conduct in the member s official capacity, except when due to the individual s own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
     
   VI.                               GENERAL PROVISIONS  
     
  6.1                                   No Funding Obligation  
     
  The amounts accrued by a Participant hereunder are not held in a trust or escrow account and are not secured by any specific assets of the Company or in which the Company has an interest. This Plan shall not be construed to require the Company to fund any of the benefits provided hereunder nor to establish a trust for such purpose. The Company may make such arrangements as it desires to provide for the payment of benefits. Neither the Participant, the Spouse, nor the Participant s estate shall have any rights against the Company with respect to any portion of the Participant s benefits except as a general unsecured creditor of the Company. No Participant has an interest in his benefits until the Participant actually receives the payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may create and fund a  rabbi trust  (the  Trust ) with respect to the Plan. The creation and funding of said Trust shall not create a security interest in the property of such Trust in favor of the Participant, the Spouse or the Participant s estate, or otherwise cause a funding of the Plan or Trust in any manner inconsistent with the preceding provisions of this Section 6.1. The amount of any contributions to such Trust shall be totally discretionary as determined by the Company. Any amount paid from such Trust to the Participant shall reduce the amount to be paid pursuant to this Plan by the Participating Employer. In the event the amounts paid from  
     
 8   

the Trust are insufficient to provide the full benefits payable to the Participant under this Plan, the Participating Employer shall pay the remainder of such benefit in accordance with the terms of the Plan. It is the intention of the Participating Employers that this Plan and Trust be considered unfunded for purposes of the Code and Title I of ERISA.  
     
  6.2                              Non-alienation of Benefits  
     
  No benefit under the Plan may be sold, assigned, transferred, conveyed, hypothecated, encumbered, anticipated, or otherwise disposed of, and any attempt to do so shall be void. No such benefit shall, prior to receipt thereof by a Participant or Spouse, be in any manner subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of such Participant or Spouse.  
     
  6.3                              Limitation of Rights  
     
  Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to limit in any way the right of the Company to terminate a Participant s employment at any time for any reason whatsoever with or without cause; nor shall it be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Company (a) will employ a Participant in any particular position, (b) will ensure participation in any incentive programs, or (c) will grant any awards from such programs.  
     
  6.4                              Applicable Law  
     
  The Plan shall be construed and its provisions enforced and administered in accordance with the laws of the State of California, except to the extent preempted by ERISA or the Code.  
     
  This Plan is hereby adopted by the Company on the 4th day of December, 2008.  

9   

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 a2230294zex-10_13.htm
 EX-10.13

Exhibit 10.13   
     
   AMENDMENT 2009-1   
   to the   
   AECOM TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION   
   MANAGEMENT SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN   
     
  WHEREAS, AECOM Technology Corporation ( AECOM ) maintains the AECOM Technology Corporation Management Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the  MSERP ), as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2005;  
     
  WHEREAS, AECOM has the authority to amend the MSERP in accordance with the terms thereof;  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, the following amendments are adopted, effective as of October 9, 2009.  
     
  1.                                         Article III of the MSERP is amended by adding the following new Section 3.5 to the end thereof: 
     
   3.5         Cessation of Benefit Accruals   
     
  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a Participant s benefit under this Plan shall be calculated and frozen effective as of October 9, 2009 (the  Freeze Date ). No Participant shall accrue any additional benefits under this Plan after the Freeze Date.   
     
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, AECOM Technology Corporation has caused this Amendment to be executed on this 9th day of October, 2009 but to be effective as set forth above.  

AECOM TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION           

By:       
 
  /s/ Christina Ching           

Name:       
 
  Christina Ching           

Title:       
 
  VP, Corporate Secretary              

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 a2230294zex-10_19.htm
 EX-10.19

Exhibit 10.19   
     
   AECOM TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION   
   EXCESS BENEFIT PLAN   
     
    Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2005    
    Applicable to Benefits Earned or Vesting after December 31, 2004    

I.                                             ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE  
     
  1.1                                  Effective July 1, 1996, AECOM Technology Corporation (the  Company ) established the Excess Benefit Plan (the  Plan ) solely to restore benefits that are lost under the Company s Pension Plan due to the operation of sections 401(a)(17) and 415 of the Code. It has been amended and restated, as set forth herein, to reflect the requirements of section 409A of the Code, effective January 1, 2005. 
     
  All benefits accrued and vested under the Plan on or before December 31, 2004 shall be payable under the terms of the Plan as in effect on December 31, 2004, pursuant to the grandfather provisions of section 409A of the Code. Benefits that accrued under the Plan before January 1, 2005 but that were not yet vested on December 31, 2004 and benefits accruing on and after January 1, 2005 are subject to section 409A of the Code, and shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the Plan as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2005.  
     
  During the period between January 1, 2005 and the date of adoption of this Amendment and Restatement, the Company has administered the Plan with the intent of being in good faith compliance with section 409A of the Code. The 401(a)(17) benefit restoration feature of this Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan maintained by the Company primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees described in section 201(2) of ERISA. The 415 benefit restoration feature of the Plan is intended to be an  excess benefit plan  within the meaning of Title I of ERISA.  
     
   II.                                        DEFINITIONS  
     
  2.1                                   Actuarial Equivalent  means a benefit of equivalent value, calculated using the assumptions used in the AECOM Pension Plan; however, when calculating an Actuarial Equivalent lump sum benefit under Section 3.5(b)(1) or the guaranteed installment options under Section 3.5(b)(2), mortality shall be determined using the 1983 GAM table and the interest rate shall be equal to the sum of the rate on 10-year U.S. treasury notes in effect on the first day of the Plan Year preceding or coincident with the Retirement Date plus 50 basis points. 
     
  2.2                                   AECOM Pension Plan  means the AECOM Technology Corporation Pension Plan, as amended from time to time. 
     
  2.3                                   AECOM Pension Plan Benefit  means the annual benefit payable to the Participant under the AECOM Pension Plan determined as though benefits 
     
 2   

were being paid as a single life annuity commencing on the Participant s Retirement Date.  
     
  2.4                                   AECOM MSERP  means the AECOM Technology Corporation Management Supplemental Executive Retirement. 
     
  2.5                                   AECOM MSERP Benefit  means the annual benefit payable to the Participant under the AECOM MSERP, determined as though benefits were being paid as a single life annuity commencing on the Participant s Retirement Date. 
     
     2.6                                   AECOM SERP  means the (i) AECOM Technology Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, Dated October 1, 1992 (also known as the  1992 SERP ), or (ii) the AECOM Technology Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, Effective July 1, 1996 (also known as the  1996 SERP ), as applicable. 
     
  2.7                                   Beneficiary  means the person(s) designated by the Participant in writing to receive the remaining installments under the five- or ten-year guaranteed installment option, if the Participant dies before receiving all installments, or to receive the Pre-Retirement Death Benefit described in Section 3.6. The Participant may change the Beneficiary at any time by submitting a signed written designation to the Committee. If the designated Beneficiary fails to survive the Participant and the Participant has not designated a successor Beneficiary, the remaining installment payments shall be paid to the Participant s surviving spouse, or if there is no spouse, his surviving descendants by right of representation or if there are none, his estate. If the Beneficiary survives the Participant, but dies before receiving all remaining installments, the remaining installments shall be paid to the Beneficiary s estate. 
     
  2.8                                   Board  means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
     
  2.9                                   Code  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, including the regulations and rulings of general applicability issued thereunder. 
     
  2.10                            Committee  means the Pension Committee or such other committee designated or appointed by the Board to administer the Plan. 
     
  2.11                            Company  means AECOM Technology Corporation. 
     
  2.12                            Effective Date  means July 1, 1996. The Effective Date of this amendment and restatement of the Plan is January 1, 2005. 
     
 3   

2.13                            ERISA  means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
     
  2.14                            Normal Retirement Age  means age 65. 
     
  2.15                            Participant  means an employee of the Company who is credited with an Hour of Service under the AECOM Pension Plan on or after the Effective Date, whose AECOM Pension Plan Benefit is limited by Code section 401(a)(17) and/or 415, and who has been selected by the Board for participation in the Plan. 
     
  2.16                            Plan Administrator  means the Committee. 
     
  2.17                            Plan Year  means the twelve-month period ending on September 30. 
     
  2.18                            Retirement Date  means the first day of the month following the later of (a) the Participant s attainment of age 55 or completion of five years of vesting service (determined under the AECOM Technology Corporation Pension Plan and (b) the Participant s Separation from Service for any reason, including death. 
     
  2.19                            Separation from Service  shall mean the Participant s complete termination of employment with all Employers and other entities affiliated with the Company, voluntarily or involuntarily, for any reason other than on account of death, or as otherwise provided under section 409A of the Code. For purposes of the foregoing, whether an entity is affiliated with the Company shall be determined pursuant to the controlled group rules of section 414 of the Code, as modified by section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant s employment relationship with the Employer shall be treated as continuing intact while the individual is on a military leave, sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence, if the period of such leave does not exceed six months (or longer, if required by statute or contract). If the period of the leave exceeds six months and the Participant s right to reemployment is not provided either by statute or contract, the employment relationship is deemed to terminate on the first day immediately following such six-month period, solely for purposes of section 409A of the Code. 
     
  2.20                            Spouse  means the person to whom the Participant is married on his Retirement Date. 
     
  2.21                            Unlimited Pension Plan Benefit  means a Participant s AECOM Pension Plan Benefit: 
     
  (a)                                    Calculated without regard to sections 401(a)(17) or 415 of the Code; 
     
 4   

(b)          Calculated without regard to the $200,000 limitation on compensation in Section 2.11(a) of the AECOM Pension Plan; and  
     
  (c)          Calculated without regard to Section 3.1(a)(2) of the AECOM Pension Plan, which excludes from participation certain individuals who are eligible for the AECOM Technology Corporation Incentive Compensation Plan.  
     
  2.22                            Vested  means that the Participant has a vested employer-provided accrued benefit under the AECOM Pension Plan. 
     
   III.                                   RETIREMENT AND DEATH BENEFITS  
     
  3.1                                   Normal Retirement Benefits  
     
  A Participant who terminates employment with the Company on or after attaining Normal Retirement Age shall be entitled to an annual benefit that is equal to:  
     
  (a)                                    The Participant s Unlimited Pension Plan Benefit, minus 
     
  (b)                                    The sum of (1), (2) and (3): 
     
  (1)                                    The Participant s AECOM Pension Plan Benefit; 
     
  (2)                                    The Participant s AECOM MSERP Benefit, if any; 
     
  (3)                                    The Participant s benefit under the Plan as of December 31, 2004, determined under the terms of the Plan as in effect on that date. 
     
  3.2                                   Early Retirement Benefits  
     
  A Participant who terminates employment before attaining Normal Retirement Age and who is Vested shall be entitled to an annual benefit that is equal to the benefit under Section 3.1, reduced 1/144th for each calendar month (up to 36 months) by which the Participant s age on his Retirement Date is less than 65 and reduced by 1/128th for each calendar month (up to 84 months) by which the Participant s age on his Retirement Date is less than 62.  
     
  3.3                                   Separation from Service  
     
  (a)                                    A Participant who terminates employment with the Company prior 
     
 5   

to his attaining Normal Retirement Age and who is not Vested shall not be entitled to any benefits under the Plan.  
     
  (b)                                    A Participant whose employment is terminated for cause shall not be entitled to any benefits under the Plan. A Separation from Service is  for cause  if the Participant is terminated for reasons related to the commission by the Participant in the course of employment of any material act of dishonesty, the disclosure by the Participant of any confidential information or the commission by the Participant of any act of gross carelessness or willful misconduct. 
     
  3.4                                   Rules Regarding Reductions  
     
  For purposes of calculating the amounts under Section 3.1, the following rules shall apply:  
     
  (a)                                    Any portion of the Participant s benefits under this Plan or the AECOM Pension Plan that is payable (or has been paid) to another person pursuant to a court order shall be treated as payable to the Participant. 
     
  (b)                                    The Participant s benefit under the AECOM Pension Plan shall be determined without regard to whether benefits have or have not commenced and without regard to the actual form of payment elected by the Participant. 
     
  3.5                                   Form of Benefit and Date of Commencement  
     
  (a)                                    Unless a Participant makes an election pursuant to paragraph (b), below, the Participant s benefit under Section 3.1, 3.2 or 3.3, as the case may be, shall be paid in equal monthly installments over the Participant s life, ending with the last payment made before his death. 
     
  (b)                                    Subject to paragraph (d), below, the Participant may elect to receive his benefit in one of the following forms: 
     
  (1)                                    A lump sum that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit described in paragraph (a); or 
     
  (2)                                    A five- or ten-year term certain, as the Participant elects, that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit described in paragraph (a), paid in approximately equal annual installments. If the Participant dies after installments commence but before receiving all installment payments, 
     
 6   

the remaining installments will be paid as they come due to the Participant s Beneficiary.  
     
  (c)                                     The payment (or commencement of payment) of the portion of a Participant s Plan benefit that accrued and vested on or after January 1, 2005 shall be delayed until six months following his Retirement Date, and it shall include any payments that would have been made since his Retirement Date but for the six-month delay. If the Participant is receiving annual installments, subsequent installments shall be made on or as soon as administratively practicable following the anniversary of the Participant s Retirement Date. 
     
  (d)             The Participant s election must be made in writing within 30 days of the date he is notified by the Company of his participation in the Plan. The election is irrevocable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a newly eligible Participant previously commenced participation in the AECOM SERP or the AECOM MSERP, the election made by the Participant under the first of such plans by which he became covered shall also serve as his election under this Plan. 
     
  3.6                                   Pre-Retirement Death Benefits  
     
  If the Participant dies while employed by the Company and after becoming Vested, his surviving Spouse shall receive a monthly benefit for life commencing as of the Participant s Retirement Date, equal to the amount that the Spouse would have received if the Participant s Plan benefits had commenced on his date of death, paid as an Actuarial Equivalent 50% joint and survivor annuity, and he had died the next day.  
     
   IV.                                    AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION  
     
  4.1                                   Amendment  
     
  Subject to the requirements of section 409A of the Code, the Board reserves the right in its discretion to amend this Plan at any time in whole or in part; provided, however, that no amendment shall result in the forfeiture of any Participant s Plan benefits earned prior to the date the Board adopts the amendment. The Company shall notify Participants (and the Spouses of deceased Participants) of any amendments that affect the amount or timing of benefits within 90 days of the effective date of such amendments.  
     
 7   

4.2                                   Termination  
     
  The Board may terminate the Plan at any time, but only in accordance with the provisions of section 409A of the Code. The termination shall not result in the forfeiture of any Participant s benefits earned prior to the date on which the Board adopts the resolution terminating the Plan. In any event:  
     
  (a)                                    A termination of the Plan may not occur in response to a downturn in the financial health of the Company; 
     
  (b)                                    The Company shall terminate all other plans or arrangements of the same type (as determined under section 409A of the Code) concurrently with the termination of this Plan; and 
     
  (c)                                     The Company shall not adopt any new plan of the same type (as determined under section 409A of the Code) for at least three years following the termination of this Plan. 
     
  Following the Plan s termination pursuant to this Article IV, each Participant shall receive a lump sum payment of his vested Plan benefit. Such payment shall be made no less than 13 months or more than 24 months after the termination date, as determined by the Committee.  
     
   V.                                         ADMINISTRATION  
     
  5.1                                  The Plan shall be adopted by the Company and shall be administered by the Committee. 
     
  5.2                                  The Committee shall have the sole authority, in its discretion, to adopt, amend and rescind such rules and regulations as it deems advisable in the administration of the Plan, to construe and interpret the Plan, and the rules and regulations, and to make all other determinations and interpretations of the Plan. All decisions, determinations, and interpretations of the Committee shall be final and binding on all persons, except as otherwise provided by law. Committee members who are Participants shall abstain from voting on any Plan matters that would cause them to be in constructive receipt of benefits under the Plan. The Committee may delegate its responsibilities as it sees fit. 
     
  5.3                                  If a Participant or Spouse believes that benefits have been incorrectly calculated or denied, such person may file a claim with the Committee. The Committee shall follow the claims procedures set forth in the AECOM Pension Plan. 
     
 8   

5.4                                  All Plan administrative expenses shall be paid by the Company. 
     
  5.5                                  The Company shall indemnify the Committee and each Committee member against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses (including reasonable counsel fees), and liability arising from any action, failure to act, or other conduct in the member s official capacity, except when due to the individual s own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
     
   VI.                                    GENERAL PROVISIONS  
     
  6.1                                   No Funding Obligation  
     
  The amounts accrued by a Participant hereunder are not held in a trust or escrow account and are not secured by any specific assets of the Company or in which the Company has an interest. This Plan shall not be construed to require the Company to fund any of the benefits provided hereunder nor to establish a trust for such purpose. The Company may make such arrangements as it desires to provide for the payment of benefits. Neither the Participant, the Spouse, nor the Participant s estate shall have any rights against the Company with respect to any portion of the Participant s benefits except as a general unsecured creditor of the Company. No Participant has an interest in his benefits until the Participant actually receives the payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may create and fund a  rabbi trust  (the  Trust ) with respect to the Plan. The creation and funding of said Trust shall not create a security interest in the property of such Trust in favor of the Participant, the Spouse or the Participant s estate, or otherwise cause a funding of the Plan or Trust in any manner inconsistent with the preceding provisions of this Section 6.1. The amount of any contributions to such Trust shall be totally discretionary as determined by the Company. Any amount paid from such Trust to the Participant shall reduce the amount to be paid pursuant to this Plan by the Participating Employer. In the event the amounts paid from the Trust are insufficient to provide the full benefits payable to the Participant under this Plan, the Participating Employer shall pay the remainder of such benefit in accordance with the terms of the Plan. It is the intention of the Participating Employers that this Plan and Trust be considered unfunded for purposes of the Code and Title I of ERISA.  
     
  6.2                                   Non-alienation of Benefits  
     
  No benefit under the Plan may be sold, assigned, transferred, conveyed, hypothecated, encumbered, anticipated, or otherwise disposed of, and any attempt to do so shall be void. No such benefit shall, prior to receipt thereof by a Participant or Spouse, be in any manner subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of such Participant or Spouse.  
     
 9   

6.3                                   Limitation of Rights  
     
  Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to limit in any way the right of the Company to terminate a Participant s employment at any time for any reason whatsoever with or without cause; nor shall it be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Company (a) will employ a Participant in any particular position, (b) will ensure participation in any incentive programs, or (c) will grant any awards from such programs.  
     
  6.4                                   Applicable Law  
     
  The Plan shall be construed and its provisions enforced and administered in accordance with the laws of the State of California, except to the extent preempted by ERISA or the Code.  
     
  This Plan is hereby adopted by the Company on the 4th day of December, 2008.  

10   

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 5
 a2230294zex-10_20.htm
 EX-10.20

Exhibit 10.20   
     
   AMENDMENT 2009-1   
   to the   
   AECOM TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION   
   EXCESS BENEFIT PLAN   
     
  WHEREAS, AECOM Technology Corporation ( AECOM ) maintains the AECOM Technology Corporation Excess Benefit Plan (the  Excess Benefit Plan ), as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2005;  
     
  WHEREAS, AECOM has the authority to amend the Excess Benefit Plan in accordance with the terms thereof;  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, the following amendments are adopted, effective as of October 9, 2009.  
     
  1.                                         Article III of the Excess Benefit Plan is amended by adding the following new Section 3.7 to the end thereof: 
     
   3.7                             Cessation of Benefit Accruals  
     
  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a Participant s annual benefit under this Plan shall be calculated and frozen effective as of October 9, 2009 (the  Freeze Date ). No Participant shall accrue any additional benefits under this Plan after the Freeze Date.   
     
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, AECOM Technology Corporation has caused this Amendment to be executed on this 9th day of October, 2009 but to be effective as set forth above.  

AECOM TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION           

By:       
 
  /s/ Christina Ching           

Name:       
 
  Christina Ching           

Title:       
 
  VP, Corporate Secretary              

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 a2230294zex-21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 21.1            

  AECOM
Global, Inc., a Delaware Corporation 
AECOM, C E, Inc., a Delaware Corporation 
AECOM Technical Services, Inc., a California Corporation 
AECOM USA, Inc., a New York Corporation 
AECOM Asia Company Limited* 
AECOM Government Services, Inc., a Delaware Corporation 
AECOM Canada Ltd* 
AECOM South Africa Group Holdings Pty Ltd 
AECOM Design Build Ltd* 
AECOM Global Ireland Services Limited* 
AECOM Energy   Construction, Inc., an Ohio Corporation 
AECOM Infrastructure   Environment UK Limited* 
Flint Energy Services, Inc., a Delaware Corporation 
Flint Field Services Ltd* 
Hunt Construction Group Inc., an Indiana Corporation 
Oscar Faber PLC* 
URS Corporation, a Nevada Corporation 
URS Group Inc. a Delaware Corporation 
URS Federal Services, Inc., a Delaware Corporation 
URS Luxembourg LLP* 
URS Corporation Ohio, an Ohio Corporation 
URS Global Holdings Inc., a Nevada Corporation 
AECOM Intercontinental Holdings UK Limited* 
URS E C UK Limited* 
Sellafield Limited* 
Tishman Construction Corporation, a Delaware Corporation 
Tishman Construction Corporation of New York, a Delaware Corporation   

*    Foreign    

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 21.1   

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 a2230294zex-23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 23.1            

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm            

  We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-167047, 333-142070, 333-199453, 333-208964 and 333-209890) pertaining to various
stock incentive, purchase and retirement plans of AECOM of our reports dated November 15, 2016, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of AECOM and to the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of AECOM included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of AECOM for the year ended September 30, 2016.   

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 23.1   
 
  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 a2230294zex-31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 31.1            

Certification Pursuant to   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)            

  I,
Michael S. Burke, certify that:   

1.    I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AECOM;
      2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
      3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
      4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;
      (b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
      (c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
      (d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and
     
   5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
      (b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.    

Dated:
November 15, 2016   

/s/ MICHAEL S. BURKE 

Michael S. Burke     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer)   

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 31.1   
 
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 a2230294zex-31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 31.2            

Certification Pursuant to   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)            

  I,
W. Troy Rudd, certify that:   

1.    I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AECOM;
      2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
      3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
      4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;
      (b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
      (c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
      (d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and
     
   5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
      (b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.    

Dated:
November 15, 2016   

/s/ W. TROY RUDD 

W. Troy Rudd     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer)   

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 31.2   
 
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 10
 a2230294zex-32.htm
 EX-32

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32            

Certification Pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350            

          In connection with the Annual Report of AECOM (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), we, Michael S. Burke, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and W. Troy Rudd, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to our knowledge:   

1.    The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
      2.    The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ MICHAEL S. BURKE 

Michael S. Burke     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer    
November 15, 2016  

/s/ W. TROY RUDD 

W. Troy Rudd     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    
November 15, 2016  

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 32   
 
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350   

</EX-32>

<EX-95>
 11
 a2230294zex-95.htm
 EX-95

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

EXHIBIT 95            

          Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act requires domestic mine operators to disclose violations and
orders issued under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act) by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA). We do not act as the owner of any mines but we may act as
a mining operator as defined under the Mine Act where we may be a lessee of a mine, a person who operates, controls or supervises such mine, or as an independent contractor performing services or
construction of such mine.   

          The
following table provides information for the year ended September 30, 2016.   

(1)    United
States mines.
      (2)    The
total number of violations received from MSHA under  104 of the Mine Act, which includes citations for health or safety standards that could
significantly and substantially contribute to a serious injury if left unabated.
      (3)    The
total number of orders issued by MSHA under  104(b) of the Mine Act, which represents a failure to abate a citation under  104(a) within
the period of time prescribed by MSHA.
      (4)    The
total number of citations and orders issued by MSHA under  104(d) of the Mine Act for unwarrantable failure to comply with mandatory health or safety
standards.
      (5)    The
total number of flagrant violations issued by MSHA under  110(b)(2) of the Mine Act.
      (6)    The
total number of orders issued by MSHA under  107(a) of the Mine Act for situations in which MSHA determined an imminent danger existed.
      (7)    A
written notice from the MSHA regarding a pattern of violations, or a potential to have such pattern under  104(e) of the Mine Act.
      (8)    The
following Pending Legal Action Table provides information for the three months ended September 30, 2016.    

Mine

Number 
Pending Legal 
Actions    
     
   Contests of 
Penalty 
Assessments    
     
   Legal Action 
Initiated    
     
   Legal Action 
Resolved    

Black Thunder Project  

0  

0  

0  

0  

Monsanto Quarry  

0  

0  

0  

0  

Morenci Mine  

0  

0  

0  

0  

Questa Mine  

0  

0  

0  

0  

QuickLinks    
 
  EXHIBIT 95   

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 12
 acm-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 acm-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 acm-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 acm-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 acm-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 acm-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

