<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1669779_0001558370-16-009958_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11289348</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1046414</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>336338</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4048164</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3204396</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1571666</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-009958.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110171132
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-009958
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Camping World Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001669779
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		IRS NUMBER:				811737145
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37908
		FILM NUMBER:		161989084

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 PARKWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 270
		CITY:			LINCOLNSHIRE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60048
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(847) 808-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 PARKWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 270
		CITY:			LINCOLNSHIRE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60048

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CWGS, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-009958.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 cwh-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

cwh_Current_Folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,  D.C.  20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30  , 2016 

OR 

For the transition period from _____________ to _______________ 

Commission file number:  001-37908 

CAMPING WORLD HOLDINGS, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(847) 808-3000 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer       

Accelerated filer                        

Non-accelerated filer       

Smaller reporting company       

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes         No    

As of November 10, 2016, the registrant had 18,935,916 shares of Class A common stock, 62,002,729 shares of Class B common stock and one share of Class C common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

Camping World Holdings, Inc. 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

Item 1    

Financial Statements (unaudited)   

3  

Camping World Holdings, Inc. Balance Sheets (unaudited)   

Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 and March 8, 2016   

3  

Notes to Balance Sheets   

4  

CWGS Enterprises, LLC Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   

9  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

10  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Members  Deficit   

11  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

12  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

14  

Item 2    

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

25  

Item 3    

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

48  

Item 4    

Controls and Procedures   

49  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION      

Item 1    

Legal Proceedings   

49  

Item 1A    

Risk Factors   

49  

Item 2    

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

81  

Item 3    

Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

81  

Item 4    

Mine Safety Disclosures   

81  

Item 5    

Other Information   

82  

Item 6    

Exhibits   

84  

Signatures    

85  

Exhibit Index    

86  

Table of Contents  

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be forward-looking statements. Statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, including, among others, statements regarding expected new retail location openings, including greenfield locations and acquired locations; profitability of new retail locations; future capital expenditures and debt service obligations; refinancing, retirement or exchange of outstanding debt; expectations regarding consumer behavior and growth; our comparative advantages and our plans and ability to expand consumer base; our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions; volatility in sales; our ability to drive growth; and expectations regarding increase of certain expenses are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as   may,     will,     should,     expects,     plans,     anticipates,     could,     intends,     targets,     projects,     contemplates,     believes,     estimates,     predicts,     potential   or   continue   or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We believe that these important factors include, but are not limited to, the following:  

the availability of financing to us and our customers;     

fuel shortages, or high prices for fuel;     

the well-being, as well as the continued popularity and reputation for quality, of our manufacturers;     

general economic conditions in our markets, and ongoing economic and financial uncertainties;     

our ability to attract and retain customers;     

competition in the market for services, protection plans, products and resources targeting the RV lifestyle or RV enthusiast;     

our expansion into new, unfamiliar markets presents as well as delays in opening or acquiring new retail locations;     

unforeseen expenses, difficulties, and delays frequently encountered in connection with expansion through acquisitions;     

our failure to maintain the strength and value of our brands;     

our ability to successfully order and manage our inventory to reflect consumer demand in a volatile market and anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends;     

fluctuations in our same store sales and whether they will be a meaningful indicator of future performance;     

the cyclical and seasonal nature of our business;     

our ability to operate and expand our business and to respond to changing business and economic conditions, which depends on the availability of adequate capital;     

the restrictive covenants in our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Floor Plan Facility;     

our reliance on two fulfillment and distribution centers for our retail, e-commerce and catalog businesses;     

natural disasters, whether or not caused by climate change, unusual weather condition, epidemic outbreaks, terrorist acts and political events;     

1 

Table of Contents  

our dependence on our relationships with third party providers of services, protection plans, products and resources and a disruption of these relationships or of these providers  operations;     

whether third party lending institutions and insurance companies will continue to provide financing for RV purchases;     

our inability to retain senior executives and attract and retain other qualified employees;     

our ability to meet our labor needs;     

our inability to maintain the leases for our retail locations or locate alternative sites for our stores in our target markets and on terms that are acceptable to us;     

our business being subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations;     

regulations applicable to the sale of extended service contracts;     

our dealerships  susceptibility to termination, non-renewal or renegotiation of dealer agreements if state dealer laws are repealed or weakened;     

our failure to comply with certain environmental regulations;     

climate change legislation or regulations restricting emission of   greenhouse gases;       

a failure in our e-commerce operations, security breaches and cybersecurity risks;     

our inability to enforce our intellectual property rights and accusations of our infringement on the intellectual property rights of third parties;     

our inability to maintain or upgrade our information technology systems or our inability to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner;     

disruptions to our information technology systems or breaches of our network security;     

Marcus Lemonis, through his beneficial ownership of our shares directly or indirectly held by ML Acquisition Company, LLC and ML RV Group, LLC, will have substantial control over us and may approve or disapprove substantially all transactions and other matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including, but not limited to, the election of directors;      

the exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that we will qualify for, and intend to rely on, due to the fact that we are a   controlled company   within the meaning of the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, listing requirements;     

whether we are able to realize any tax benefits that may arise from our organizational structure and any redemptions or exchanges of CWGS Enterprises, LLC common units for cash or stock, including in connection with our initial public offering; and      

the other factors set forth under   Risk Factors   In Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.     

We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. For a further discussion of the risks relating to our business, see  Item 1A Risk Factors  in Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

2 

Table of Contents  

Part I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   

Camping World Holdings, Inc. 

Balance Sheets (unaudited)     

September 30,   

March 8,  

2016  

2016  

Assets  

$  

$  

Commitments and Contingencies  

Stockholder's Equity  

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, 100 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding  

Total Stockholder's Equity  

$  

$  

See accompanying Notes to Balance Sheets. 

3 

Table of Contents  

Camping World Holdings, Inc. 

Notes to   Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1: Organization 

CWGS, Inc. was formed as a Delaware corporation on March 8, 2016. On June 8, 2016, we effected a name change from CWGS, Inc. to Camping World Holdings, Inc. ( CWH ). CWH was formed for the purpose of completing an initial public offering and related transactions in order to carry on the business of CWGS Enterprises, LLC ( CWGS, LLC ). 

As described in more detail in Note 4: Subsequent Events, on October 13, 2016, we completed our initial public offering ( IPO ) of 11,363,636 shares of our Class A common stock at a public offering price of $22.00 per share, receiving $233.4 million in proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, which were used to purchase 11,363,636 newly-issued common units of CWGS, LLC from CWGS, LLC at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock sold in the IPO less underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition, on November 4, 2016, the underwriters exercised their option, in part, to purchase an additional 508,564 shares of Class A common stock. On November 9, 2016, we closed on the purchase of the additional 508,564 shares of Class A common stock and received $10.4 million in additional proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, which we used to purchase 508,564 newly-issued common units from CWGS, LLC at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock in the IPO less underwriting discounts and commissions. 

Subsequent to the IPO and related reorganization transactions, we became a holding company and our principal asset is the common units of CWGS, LLC that we own. As the sole managing member of CWGS, LLC, we have the sole voting interest in, and operate and control all of the business and affairs of, CWGS, LLC, and through its subsidiaries, conduct our business. As a result, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, we will consolidate the financial results of CWGS, LLC and will report a non-controlling interest representing the CWGS, LLC interests held by the  Continuing Equity Owners,  whom we define as collectively, ML Acquisition Company, a Delaware limited liability company, indirectly owned by each of Stephen Adams and our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Marcus Lemonis ("ML Acquisition ), funds controlled by Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. and, collectively, our named executive officers (excluding Marcus Lemonis), Andris A. Baltins and K. Dillon Schickli, who are members of our board of directors, and certain other current and former non-executive employees and former directors, in each case, who held profit units in CWGS, LLC pursuant to CWGS, LLC s equity incentive plan that was in existence prior to our IPO and who received common units of CWGS, LLC in exchange for their profit units in connection with the Transactions (as defined herein) (collectively, the  Former Profit Unit Holders ) and each of their permitted transferees that own common units in CWGS, LLC and who may redeem at each of their options their common units for, at our election (determined solely by our independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange) who are disinterested), cash or newly-issued shares of our Class A common stock. 

Note 2: Summary of Significant Account Policies 

Basis of Accounting     The Balance Sheets are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Separate statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholder s equity, and cash flows have not been presented because as of September 30, 2016, we had not engaged in any business or other activities except in connection with our formation. 

Income Taxes     We are treated as a subchapter C corporation, and therefore, are subject to both federal and state income taxes. CWGS Enterprises, LLC will continue to be recognized as a limited liability company, a pass-through entity for income tax purposes. 

Note 3: Stockholder s Equity 

On March 8, 2016, our board of directors authorized CWH to issue 100 shares of common stock, par value of $0.01 per share, none of which have been issued or are outstanding. 

4 

Table of Contents  

In connection with our IPO, our board of directors approved an amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the "Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), which became effective on October 6, 2016. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 250,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, up to 75,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, one share of Class C stock, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, having a par value of $0.01, $0.0001, $0.0001 and $0.0001 per share, respectively. Shares of our Class A common stock have both economic and voting rights. Shares of our Class B common stock and Class C common stock have no economic rights, but do have voting rights. Holders of shares of our Class A common stock, our Class B common stock and our Class C common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters presented to stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by law or our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters presented to our stockholders generally; provided that, for as long as ML Acquisition and its permitted transferees of common units (the "ML Related Parties ), directly or indirectly, beneficially own in the aggregate 27.5% or more of all of the outstanding common units of CWGS, LLC, the shares of Class B common stock held by the ML Related Parties will entitle the ML Related Parties to the number of votes necessary such that the ML Related Parties, in the aggregate, cast 47% of the total votes eligible to be cast by all of our stockholders on all matters presented to a vote of our stockholders generally. Additionally, the holder of our one share Class C common stock is entitled to the number of votes necessary such that the holder casts 5% of the total votes eligible to be cast by all of our stockholders on all matters presented to a vote of our stockholders generally. We issued our one share of Class C common stock to ML RV Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, wholly-owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Marcus Lemonis.  Upon a Class C Change of Control (as defined in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), our Class C common stock shall no longer have any voting rights, such share of our Class C common stock will be cancelled for no consideration and will be retired, and we will not reissue such share of Class C common stock. 

The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provide that our board of directors may consist of up to nine directors, and that our board of directors be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, with the directors in each class serving for a three-year term, and one class being elected each year by our stockholders. 

Note 4: Subsequent Events 

Reorganization Transactions 

On October 6, 2016, in connection with the completion of our IPO, we completed a series of reorganization transactions (the  Transactions ). The Transactions included the following: 

the amendment and restatement of CWGS, LLC's limited liability company agreement (the  CWGS LLC Agreement ) to, among other things, appoint us as its sole managing member and convert all existing membership interests (including existing vested profit unit interests and all unvested profit unit interests, which accelerated and vested in connection with the IPO) in CWGS, LLC into one class of common units;     

the amendment and restatement of our certificate of incorporation to, among other things, provide (i) for Class A common stock and Class B common stock, with each share of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock entitling its holders to one vote per share on all matters presented to our stockholders generally; provided that, for as long as the ML Related Parties, directly or indirectly, beneficially own in the aggregate 27.5% or more of all of the outstanding common units of CWGS, LLC, the shares of our Class B common stock held by the ML Related Parties will entitle the ML Related Parties to the number of votes necessary such that the ML Related Parties, in the aggregate, cast 47% of the total votes eligible to be cast by all of our stockholders on all matters presented to a vote of our stockholders generally, and (ii) for one share of Class C common stock entitling its holder to the number of votes necessary such that the holder casts 5% of the total votes eligible to be cast by all of our stockholders on all matters presented to a vote of our stockholders generally for as long as there is no Class C Change of Control (as defined in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation);     

5 

Table of Contents  

issued, for $0.0001 per share, 69,066,445 shares of Class B common stock to certain existing holders of common units of CWGS, LLC on a one-to-one basis with the number of common units of CWGS, LLC that they owned;     

issued, for $0.01 per share, one share of Class C common stock to ML RV Group, LLC;     

the merger of certain Original Equity Owners controlled by Crestview Partners II GP, L.P., as defined below, with and into CWH or a wholly owned subsidiary of CWH, for which CWH issued 7,063,716 shares of Class A common stock as consideration for the 7,063,716 common units held by such entities and canceled a corresponding number of Class B common stock; and     

we entered into (i) a voting agreement with ML Acquisition, ML RV Group, CVRV Acquisition LLC and CVRV Acquisition II LLC, (ii) a registration rights agreement with the direct and certain indirect owners of interests in CWGS, LLC, collectively, prior to the Transactions, which includes ML Acquisition, funds controlled by Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. and the Former Profit Unit Holders (collectively, the  Original Equity Owners ) and (iii) a tax receivable agreement (the   Tax Receivable Agreement  ) with CWGS, LLC, each of the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P.     

The Transactions were effected on October 6, 2016, prior to the time our Class A common stock was registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and prior to the completion of our IPO. 

CWGS, LLC Recapitalization 

As noted above, the CWGS LLC Agreement, among other things, appointed us as CWGS, LLC s sole managing member and reclassified all outstanding membership interests in CWGS, LLC as non-voting common units. Although we have a minority economic interest in CWGS, LLC, as the sole managing member, we have the sole voting power in, and control the management of, CWGS, LLC. As a result, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, we will consolidate CWGS, LLC's financial results and report a non-controlling interest related to the portion of CWGS, LLC not owned by us. 

The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation discussed in Note 3 and the CWGS LLC Agreement noted above requires CWGS, LLC and us to, at all times, maintain (i) a one-to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class A common stock issued by us and the number of common units owned by us and (ii) a one-to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class B common stock owned by the Continuing Equity Owners (other than the Former Profit Unit Holders) and the number of common units owned by the Continuing Equity Owners (other than the Former Profit Unit Holders). We may issue shares of Class B common stock only to the extent necessary to maintain the one-to-one ratio between the number of common units of CWGS, LLC held by the Continuing Equity Owners (other than the Former Profit Unit Holders) and the number of shares of Class B common stock issued to the Continuing Equity Owners (other than the Former Profit Unit Holders). Shares of Class B common stock are transferable only together with an equal number of common units of CWGS, LLC. Only permitted transferees of common units held by the Continuing Equity Owners (other than the Former Profit Unit Holders) will be permitted transferees of Class B common stock.  

The Continuing Equity Owners may from time to time at each of their options require CWGS, LLC to redeem all or a portion of their common units in exchange for, at our election (determined solely by our independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the  NYSE ) who are disinterested), newly-issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis or a cash payment equal to a volume weighted average market price of one share of Class A common stock for each common unit redeemed, in each case in accordance with the terms of the CWGS LLC Agreement; provided that, at our election (determined solely by our independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE) who are disinterested), we may effect a direct exchange of such Class A common stock or such cash, as applicable, for such common units. The Continuing Equity Owners may exercise such redemption right for as long as their common units remain outstanding. Simultaneously with the payment of cash or shares of Class A common stock, as applicable, in connection with a redemption or exchange of common units pursuant to the terms of the CWGS LLC Agreement, a number of shares of our Class B common stock registered in the name of the redeeming or exchanging Continuing Equity Owner (other than Former Profit Unit Holders) will   

6 

Table of Contents  

be cancelled for no consideration on a one-for-one basis with the number of common units so redeemed or exchanged. 

Reorganization Mergers 

In connection with the IPO, the Original Equity Owners merged with and into CWH or a wholly owned subsidiary of CWH, for which CWH issued an aggregate of 7,063,716 shares of Class A common stock as consideration for the 7,063,716 aggregate common units held by such entities and canceled a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock. Upon consummation of the mergers, we recognized the 7,063,716 common units at carrying value, as these transactions are considered to be between entities under common control. 

We also acquired the tax attributes of the Original Equity Owners, which are recorded generally as deferred tax assets at the time for certain of the mergers. These attributes include the original basis adjustments arising from the original acquisition of common units by the Original Equity Owners, as described below. 

Tax Receivable Agreement 

On October 6, 2016, CWH entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement that provides for the payment by Camping World Holdings, Inc. to the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. of 85% of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that Camping World Holdings, Inc. actually realizes, or in some circumstances is deemed to realize, as a result of (i) increases in tax basis resulting from the purchase of common units from Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. in exchange for Class A common stock in connection with the consummation of the IPO and the related Transactions and any future redemptions that are funded by CWH and any future redemptions or exchanges of common units by Continuing Equity Owners as described above and (ii) certain other tax benefits attributable to payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. CWGS, LLC intends to have in effect an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code effective for each taxable year in which a redemption or exchange (including deemed exchange) of common units for cash or stock occurs. These tax benefit payments are not conditioned upon one or more of the Continuing Equity Owners or Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. maintaining a continued ownership interest in CWGS, LLC. In general, the Continuing Equity Owner s and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. s rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement are assignable, including to transferees of its common units in CWGS, LLC (other than Camping World Holdings, Inc. as transferee pursuant to a redemption or exchange of common units in CWGS, LLC). We expect to benefit from the remaining 15% of the tax benefits, if any, that we may actually realize. 

Initial Public Offering 

As noted above, on October 13, 2016, we completed our IPO of 11,363,636 shares of Class A common stock at a public offering price of $22.00 per share. We received $233.4 million in proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, which we used to purchase 11,363,636 newly-issued common units from CWGS, LLC at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock in the IPO less underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition, on November 4, 2016, the underwriters exercised their option, in part, to purchase an additional 508,564 shares of Class A common stock. On November 9, 2016, we closed on the purchase of the additional 508,564 shares of Class A common stock and received $10.4 million in additional proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, which we used to purchase 508,564 newly-issued common units from CWGS, LLC at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock in the IPO less underwriting discounts and commissions. Immediately following the completion of the IPO and the underwriters  exercise of their option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock, there were 62,002,729 shares of Class B common stock outstanding, one share of Class C common stock outstanding, and 18,935,916 shares of Class A common stock outstanding, comprised of 11,872,200 shares issued as part of the IPO and the underwriters  exercise of their option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock and 7,063,716 shares issued in connection with the mergers described above. 

7 

Table of Contents  

Equity-Based Compensation  

In connection with the IPO, on September 24, 2016, CWH adopted the Camping World Holdings, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ), which became effective on October 6, 2016 upon the effectiveness of the registration statement on form S-1 (File No. 333-211977), as amended.  

We reserved a total of 14,693,518 shares of Class A common stock for issuance pursuant to the 2016 Plan. In connection with the IPO, we granted to certain of our directors and certain of our employees Class A common stock issuable pursuant to 1,134,809 stock options and 145,282 restricted stock units. 

8 

Table of Contents  

CWGS ENTERPRISES, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)   

(In thousands except per unit amounts) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

9 

Table of Contents  

CWGS Enterprises, LLC and Subsidiaries 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited)   

(In thousands except per unit amounts) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

10 

Table of Contents  

CWGS Enterprises, LLC and Subsidiaries 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Members' Deficit (unaudited)   

(In thousands) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

11 

Table of Contents  

CWGS Enterprises, LLC and Subsidiaries 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)   

(In thousands) 

12 

Table of Contents  

CWGS Enterprises, LLC and Subsidiaries 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 

(In thousands) 

See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

13 

Table of Contents  

CWGS ENTERPRISES, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

(In thousands, except member data) 

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Business and Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of CWGS Enterprises, LLC and its subsidiaries (the  Company  or  CWGS, LLC ), have been prepared accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) and include all information and footnotes required for interim financial statements presentation but do not include all disclosures required under GAAP for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, the interim condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments necessary, which are of a normal and recurring nature, for the fair presentation of the Company s financial position and of the results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.  

The Company was formed in March 2011 when its then ultimate parent, AGI Holding Corp, indirectly contributed all of the membership interests of Affinity Group Holding, LLC ( AGH ) and FreedomRoads Holding Company, LLC ( FreedomRoads ) to CWGS Holding, LLC, CWGS, LLC s immediate parent, which in turn, contributed the interest of AGH and FreedomRoads to CWGS, LLC. All material intercompany transactions and balances of the Company have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The Company does not have any components of other comprehensive income recorded within its consolidated financial statements, and, therefore, does not separately present a statement of comprehensive income in its consolidated financial statements. 

Camping World Holdings, Inc. ( CWH ) was incorporated on March 8, 2016 for the purpose of facilitating an initial public offering and other related transactions in order to carry on our business. On October 13, 2016, CWH completed an initial public offering of 11,363,636 shares of Class A common stock at a public offering price of $22.00 per share (the  IPO ), receiving $233.4 million in proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, which were used to purchase 11,363,636 newly-issued common units of the Company at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock sold in the IPO less underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition, on November 4, 2016, the underwriters exercised their option, in part, to purchase an additional 508,564 shares of Class A common stock. On November 9, 2016, CWH closed on the purchase of the additional 508,564 shares of Class A common stock and received $10.4 million in additional proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, which CWH used to purchase 508,564 newly-issued common units from CWGS, LLC at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock in the IPO less underwriting discounts and commissions. 

Subsequent to the IPO, CWH became a holding company and its principal asset is the common units of CWGS, LLC that it owns. As the sole managing member of CWGS, LLC, CWH has the sole voting interest in, and operates and controls all of our business and affairs, and through us and our subsidiaries, conducts our business. Our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our prospectus, dated October 6, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in accordance with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on October 11, 2016. 

Description of the Business 

CWGS, LLC is a holding company and operates through its subsidiaries. The operations of the Company consist of two primary businesses: (i) Consumer Services and Plans, and (ii) Retail. The Company provides consumer services and plans offerings through its Good Sam brand and the Company provides its retail offerings through its Camping World brand. Within the Consumer Services and Plans segment, the Company primarily derives revenue from the sale of the following offerings: emergency roadside assistance; property and casualty insurance programs; travel assist programs; extended vehicle service contracts; co-  

14 

Table of Contents  

branded credit cards; vehicle financing and refinancing; club memberships; and publications and directories. Within the Retail segment, the Company primarily derives revenues from the sale of the following products: new vehicles; used vehicles; parts and service, including recreational vehicle ( RV ) accessories and supplies; and finance and insurance. The Company primarily operates in various regions throughout the United States and markets its products and services to RV owners and camping enthusiasts. At September 30, 2016, the Company operated 120 Camping World retail locations, of which 103 locations sell new and used RVs, and offer financing, and other ancillary services, protection plans, and products for the RV purchaser. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Recent Accounting Policies 

In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The amendments in this update require, among other things, that lessees recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (1) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (2) a right-to-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. We expect to adopt the amendments in the first quarter of 2019 and are currently evaluating the impacts of the amendments to our financial statements and accounting practices for leases.  

In November 2015, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement ( FASB ASU 2015-17 ) which simplifies the balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. This pronouncement requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in the classified balance sheet, rather than separating such deferred taxes into current and noncurrent amounts, as is required under current guidance. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016, and may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently in the process of evaluating the effects of the pronouncement on our consolidated financial statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU update No. 2015-16, Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments in Business Combinations ( ASU 2015-16 ) which eliminates the requirement for an acquirer in a business combination to account for measurement period adjustments retrospectively. Instead, an acquirer will recognize a measurement period adjustment during the period which it determines the amount of the adjustment. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory ( ASU 2015-11 ). Under ASU 2015-11, entities should measure inventory that is not measured using last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) or the retail inventory method, including inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) or average cost, at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and is to be applied prospectively. The adoption of ASU 2015-11 is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 supersedes the existing revenue recognition guidance and clarifies the   

15 

Table of Contents  

principles for recognizing revenue. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is that the entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. In August 2015, the FASB issued an update to ASU 2014-09 deferring the effective date for public entities, on a retrospective basis, to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within that reporting period for a public company. Early adoption is permitted, subject to certain conditions. We are currently evaluating the adoption method and impact ASU 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2: Inventories, Net and Floor Plan Payable 

Inventories consisted of the following (in thousands): 

New and used vehicles are primarily financed by floor plan arrangements through a syndication of banks. The floor plan notes are collateralized by substantially all of the assets of FreedomRoads, LLC ( FR ), a wholly owned subsidiary of FreedomRoads, which operates the Camping World dealerships, and bear interest at one month London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus 2.05% as of September 30, 2016 and 2.40% as of December 31, 2015. LIBOR, as defined, was 0.52% at September 30, 2016 and 0.36% as of December 31, 2015. Principal is due upon the sale of the related vehicle. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the principal amount outstanding under its floor plan financing facility (the "Floor Plan Facility") was $532.5 million and $598.4 million, respectively. Outstanding letters of credit under the Floor Plan Facility were $7.3 million at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Floor plan interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $14.9 million and $9.4 million, respectively. 

On July 1, 2016, FR entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement for the Floor Plan Facility to, among other things, increase the available amount under the Floor Plan Facility from $880.0 million to $1.18 billion, amend the applicable borrowing rate margin on LIBOR and Base Rate Loans ranging from 2.05% to 2.50% and 0.55% and 1.00%, respectively, based on the consolidated current ratio at FR, and extend the maturity date to June 30, 2019. The letter of credit commitment within the Floor Plan Facility remained at $15.0 million. 

The credit agreement governing the Floor Plan Facility contains certain financial covenants. FR was in compliance with all debt covenants at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Note 3: Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 

The following is a summary of changes in the Company s goodwill by reportable segments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

16 

Table of Contents  

The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the Company s goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets might be impaired. The Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the Company determines it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then it is required to perform the first step of a two-step impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then the Company is required to perform the second step of the two-step goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment loss based on qualitative assessments.  

Intangible Assets 

Finite-lived intangible assets and related accumulated amortization consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

Our principal identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are membership and customer lists with weighted-average useful lives of approximately five years each.  

Note 4: Long-Term Debt 

Long-term debt consists of the following: 

CWGS Credit Facility 

On November 20, 2013, CWGS Group, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of CWGS, LLC, entered into a $545.0 million senior secured credit facility (the  Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities ) consisting of a $525.0 million term loan facility (the  Existing Term Loan Facility ), at an original issue discount of $5.3 million or 1.00%, and a $20.0 million revolving credit facility (the  Existing Revolving Credit Facility ). In December 2014 and December 2015, CWGS Group, LLC secured an additional $117.0 million and $55.0 million, respectively, of term loan borrowings under the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities for which the proceeds were primarily used to purchase dealerships within FreedomRoads. In June 2015, CWGS Group, LLC secured an additional $95.0 million of term loan borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities for which the proceeds were primarily used to pay distributions to the CWGS, LLC members.   On September 21, 2016, the Company amended the Senior Secured Credit Facilities to, among other things, amend the change of control definition and other technical changes to  facilitate its transition to a public company, provide additional borrowings of $135.0 million under the   Existing   Term Loan Facility, increasing the   Existing   Term Loan Facility to $828.2 million, net of original issue discount and finance costs totaling $16.5 million, and to permit a distribution of a portion of the proceeds to the members of CWGS, LLC. The net proceeds were used to fund a $100.0 million special cash distribution to the members of CWGS, LLC on September 21, 2016, and the remainder of the proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, including the potential acquisition of dealerships.  

17 

Table of Contents  

Interest on the Existing Term Loan Facility floats at the Company s option at a) LIBOR, subject to a 1.00% floor, plus an applicable margin of 4.75%, or b) an Alternate Base Rate ( ABR ) equal to 3.75% per annum plus the greater of the Prime Rate, Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1/2 of 1.00%, LIBOR, or 2.00%. Interest on borrowings under the Existing Revolving Credit Facility is at the Company s option of a) 4.25% to 4.50% per annum subject to a 1.00% floor in the case of a Eurocurrency loan, or b) 3.25% to 3.50% per annum plus the greater of the Prime Rate, Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1/2 of 1.00%, LIBOR, or 2.00% in the case of an ABR loan, based on the Company s ratio of net debt to consolidated earnings as defined in the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The Company also pays a commitment fee of 0.5% per annum on the unused amount of the Existing Revolving Credit Facility. Reborrowings under the Existing Term Loan Facility are not permitted. The quarterly scheduled principal prepayments on the term loan borrowings are $8.9 million. CWGS Group, LLC is required to prepay the term loan borrowings in an aggregate amount equal to 50% of excess cash flow, as defined in the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities, for such fiscal year. The required percentage prepayment of excess cash flow is reduced to 25% if the total leverage ratio, as defined, is 2.00 to 1.00 or greater but less than 2.50 to 1.00. If the total leverage ratio is less than 2.00 to 1.00, no prepayment of excess cash flow is required. As of December 31, 2015, CWGS Group, LLC s excess cash flow offer, as defined, was $16.1 million and was presented to the term loan holders. The holders accepted $12.0 million of the prepayment offer and a principal payment in that amount was made on May 9, 2016. 

The Existing Revolving Credit Facility matures on November 20, 2018, and the Existing Term Loan Facility matures on February 20, 2020. The funds available under the Revolving Credit Facility may be utilized for borrowings or letters of credit; however, a maximum of $10.0 million may be allocated to such letters of credit. As of September 30, 2016, the interest rate on the term debt was 5.75%, and permitted borrowings under the undrawn revolving credit facility were $20.0 million. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had available borrowings of $16.3 million and letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $3.7 million outstanding under the Existing Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2016, $828.2 million was outstanding under the Existing Term Loan Facility and no amounts were outstanding on the Existing Revolving Credit Facility. 

CWGS, LLC and CWGS Group, LLC have no revenue-generating operations of their own. Their ability to meet the financial obligations associated with the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities is dependent on the earnings and cash flows of its operating subsidiaries, primarily Good Sam Enterprises, LLC and FR, and their ability to upstream dividends. The Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured basis by each of the Company s existing and future domestic restricted subsidiaries with the exception of FR and its subsidiaries. The Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain certain restrictive covenants including, but not limited to, mergers, changes in the nature of the business, acquisitions, additional indebtedness, sales of assets, investments, and the prepayment of dividends subject to certain limitations and minimum operating covenants. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants at September 30, 2016. 

Note 5: Right to Use Liabilities 

The Company leases operating facilities throughout the United States. The Company analyzes all leases in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 840   Leases. In the first nine months of 2016, three leases were accounted for as operating leases after the completion of construction or the reduction in lease deposits to less than two month s rent as they qualified for asset derecognition under the sale-leaseback accounting rules. This derecognition resulted in the removal of $20.0 million of right to use assets, and $20.1 million of right to use liabilities. 

The Company has included the right to use assets in property and equipment, net, as follows (in thousands): 

18 

Table of Contents  

The following is a schedule by year of the future changes in the right to use liabilities as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

(1) 

Includes $5.0 million of scheduled derecognition of right to use liabilities upon the reduction in lease deposits to less than two months  rent.     

Note 6: Fair Value Measurements 

The fair value of a financial instrument represents the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of judgment. 

Accounting standards define fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Accounting standards establish a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of  observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value and also establishes the following three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1  

Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities  

Level 2  

Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted market prices in markets that are not active; or model-derived valuations or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities  

Level 3  

Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities  

The following methods and assumptions were used by us in estimating fair value disclosures for financial instruments: 

Cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other assets, Notes Payable-floor plan, accounts payable, other current liabilities  : The amounts reported in the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. 

Fixed rate debt:   Our fixed rate debt consists of amounts outstanding under our Existing Term Loan Facility. We estimate the fair value of our senior unsecured notes using quoted prices for the identical liability (Level 1). A summary of the aggregate carrying value and fair value of our fixed rate debt is as follows: 

19 

Table of Contents  

Non-financial assets such as goodwill, other intangible assets, and long-lived assets held and used are measured at fair value when there is an indicator of impairment and recorded at fair value only when impairment is recognized or for a business combination. 

Note 7: Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company is obligated under various real estate operating leases for retail locations, distribution centers and office space, expiring in various years through February 2036. 

On April 25, 2016 and May 1, 2016, Camping World entered into sponsorship agreements. The sponsorship agreements expire on January 1, 2025 and October 1, 2019, respectively. The aggregate sponsorship fees payable for each fiscal year are as follows as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation arising in the normal course of business operations. The Company does not believe it is involved in any litigation that requires disclosure or will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial position.  

Note 8: Statement of Cash Flows 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information for the nine months ended September 30 (in thousands): 

2016: 

In September 2016, FreedomRoads acquired the assets of an RV dealership for an aggregate purchase price of $8.2 million. 

In September 2016, the Company assumed $0.2 million of customer deposits and paid $1.4 million in connection with the acquisition of five RV shows from M   P Productions, Inc. 

In September 2016, a tenant improvement in the amount of $0.7 million was delivered by a lessor upon the construction completion date. 

In June 2016, the Company assigned its equity interest in AutoMatch USA, LLC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, in the form of a $38.8 million non-cash distribution (See Note 11   AutoMatch Distribution). Included in the non-cash distribution were contracts in transit of $1.0 million, accounts receivable of $0.3 million, inventories of $20.3 million, property and equipment of $17.1 million, and prepaid expenses and other assets of $0.1 million. 

In January 2016, the Company acquired equipment through third party capital lease arrangements totaling $2.0 million. 

20 

Table of Contents  

In the first quarter of 2016, the Company derecognized $15.4 million of fixed assets and right to use liabilities for two leases that qualified as operating leases after completion of construction in 2016.  In the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company derecognized $4.6 million of fixed assets and $4.7 million of right to use liabilities for our lease that qualified as an operating lease after the reduction in lease deposits to less than two month s rent. 

In January 2016, FreedomRoads acquired the assets of an RV dealership group comprised of four locations for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $58.9 million plus real property of $9.5 million (see Note 9   Acquisitions). The purchase was funded through $22.6 million of borrowings under the Floor Plan Facility and the balance through a capital contribution provided by the net proceeds of the incremental debt issuance in December 2015 under the Company s Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities. 

In January 2016, Camping World acquired the assets of a wholesale parts dealer for $1.4 million, comprised of inventory of $1.2 million, intangible assets of $1.3 million, receivables of $1.0 million, prepaid expenses of $0.1 million, and accrued liabilities of $2.2 million. 

2015: 

Certain real estate lease agreements were capitalized in accordance with ASC 840   Leases. The value of the real property, other than land of $15.3 million, was capitalized as a right to use asset with a corresponding $15.3 million included as a right to use liabilities. 

Note 9: Acquisitions 

In the first quarter of 2016 and 2015, a subsidiary of the Company acquired the assets or stock of multiple dealership locations. The Company used its working capital, a combination of cash and floor plan financing and member s capital contributions to complete the acquisitions. The acquired businesses were recorded at their preliminary estimated fair values under the purchase method of accounting. The balance of the purchase prices in excess of fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill. 

In 2016, concurrent with the acquisition of dealership businesses, the Company purchased real properties for $12.9 million from related parties of the sellers. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold other real properties to a third party in sale-leaseback transactions for $7.3 million. In 2015, the Company purchased real property of $44.5 million related to the acquisition of dealership assets In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company sold other real properties to a third party in sale-leaseback transactions for $33.6 million. 

A summary of the purchase price allocations for the acquisitions consists of the following: 

21 

Table of Contents  

Included in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 Consolidated Financial results were $258.6 million and $179.4 million of revenue, respectively, and $6.7 million and $6.0 million of pre-tax income, respectively, of the acquired dealerships from the applicable acquisition dates. 

Note 10: Member Unit Redemption 

On April 4, 2016, the Company s board of directors approved a Profits Units redemption by Mr. Lemonis in the amount of 1,763 Profits Units for $17.0 million. The Company remitted the proceeds to Mr. Lemonis through, (i) a cash distribution in the amount of $13.0 million; and (ii) a $4.0 million note. The note bears interest at 3.0% per annum and has scheduled principal amortization of (a) $1.5 million plus all accrued and unpaid interest as of May 1, 2016, (b) $1.5 million plus all accrued and unpaid interest on June 1, 2016, and (c) all outstanding principal plus all accrued and unpaid interest on July 1, 2016. The note was paid in full in April 2016. As part of the transaction, the Company recorded equity based compensation expense of $60,200, equal to the fair value of the 1,763 Profits Units as of the grant date. 

Note 11: AutoMatch Distribution 

On June 13, 2016, the board of directors of CWGS, LLC declared a $42.7 million distribution comprising of (i) the assignment of its equity interest in AutoMatch USA, LLC (  AutoMatch  ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CWGS, LLC, to CWGS Holding, LLC and CVRV Acquisition LLC, each a member of CWGS, LLC, in the form of a $38.8 million non-cash distribution, and (ii) a $3.8 million cash distribution to the Profits Units of which $3.6 million was paid on June 17, 2016 and $0.2 million was paid on September 7, 2016. In connection with the AutoMatch distribution, AutoMatch and FreedomRoads, LLC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CWGS, LLC, entered into a Transition Services Agreement (the "Transition Services Agreement") whereby, for a period of up to one hundred twenty days following the distribution of AutoMatch, FreedomRoads, LLC will continue to provide administrative, employee and operational support to AutoMatch in the same manner as provided prior to such distribution and AutoMatch will be operated and managed by employees of FreedomRoads, LLC, in exchange for reimbursement by AutoMatch of all expenses incurred by FreedomRoads, LLC in connection therewith.  On September 7, 2016, the board of directors of CWGS, LLC declared a $1.6 million distribution, representing the final net settlement amount under the Transition Services Agreement, which was paid on the same day. 

Note 12: Segments Information 

We have two reportable segments: (1) Consumer Services and Plans, and (2) Retail. Our Consumer Services and Plans segment is comprised of emergency roadside assistance; property and casualty insurance programs; travel assist programs; extended vehicle service contracts; co-branded credit cards; vehicle financing and refinancing; membership clubs; and publications and directories. Our Retail segment is comprised of new vehicles; used vehicles; parts and service; and finance and insurance. Corporate and other is comprised of the corporate operations of the Company. 

The reportable segments identified above are the business activities of the Company for which discrete financial information is available and for which operating results are regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker to allocate resources and assess performance. Our chief operating decision maker is our Chief Executive Officer. Segment income is defined as income from operations before depreciation and amortization plus floor plan interest expense. 

Reportable segment revenue, segment income, floor plan interest expense, depreciation and amortization, other interest expense, total assets, and capital expenditures are as follows (in thousands):    

22 

Table of Contents  

Note 13: Earnings Per Unit 

On October 6, 2016, our limited liability company agreement was amended and restated to, among other things, (i) provide for a new single class of common membership interests in CWGS, LLC, and (ii) exchange all of the existing membership interests of the Continuing Equity Owners of CWGS, LLC into 71,899,630 common units of CWGS, LLC, and (iii) appoint Camping World Holdings, Inc. as the sole managing member of CWGS, LLC upon its acquisition of common units in connection with the IPO. See Note 14 - Subsequent Events. For the purposes of calculating pro forma earnings per unit, we have adjusted the number of outstanding membership units retroactively for all periods presented to give effect to the above-mentioned amendment and resulting recapitalization. 

Pro forma basic earnings per unit is computed by dividing net income by the pro forma weighted-average number of units outstanding during the period. Pro forma diluted earnings per unit is computed by dividing net income by the pro forma weighted-average number of units outstanding adjusted to give effect to potentially dilutive securities. There are no potentially dilutive securities at September 30, 2016. 

23 

Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators used to compute pro forma basic and diluted earnings per unit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Note 14: Subsequent Events 

On October 13, 2016, CWH completed its IPO of 11,363,636 shares of Class A common stock at a public offering price of $22.00 per share and received $233.4 million in proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions. CWH used the net proceeds to purchase 11,363,636 newly-issued common units from CWGS, LLC at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock in the IPO less underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition, on November 4, 2016, the underwriters exercised their option, in part, to purchase an additional 508,564 shares of Class A common stock. On November 9, 2016, we closed on the purchase of the additional 508,564 shares of Class A common stock and received $10.4 million in additional proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, which we used to purchase 508,564 newly-issued common units from CWGS, LLC at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock in the IPO less underwriting discounts and commissions. Immediately following the completion of the IPO, the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock and the Transactions described in Note 5 of CWH s balance sheets, CWH and CWH BR, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of CWH, held 18,935,916 common units, representing an approximate 22.6% interest in us. 

We used the capital contribution received from CWH to repay $200.4 million of the outstanding borrowings under the Existing Term Loan Facility and the remainder of the proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, including the potential acquisition of dealerships. 

In connection with the IPO, on September 24, 2016, CWH adopted the Camping World Holdings, Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (the  2016 Plan ), which became effective on October 6, 2016 upon the effectiveness of the CWH s registration statement on form S-1 ( File No. 333-211977 ), as amended. CWH reserved a total of 14,693,518 shares of Class A common stock for issuance pursuant to the 2016 Plan. In connection with the IPO, we granted to certain of our directors and certain of our employees Class A common stock issuable pursuant to 1,134,809 stock options and 145,282 restricted stock units. 

On October 6, 2016, our limited liability company agreement was amended and restated to, among other things, (i) provide for a new single class of common membership interests in CWGS, LLC, (ii) exchange all of the existing membership interests of the Continuing Equity Owners of CWGS, LLC into 71,899,630 common units of CWGS, LLC, and (iii) appoint CWH as the sole managing member of CWGS, LLC upon its acquisition of common units in connection with the IPO. For the purposes of calculating pro forma earnings per unit, we have adjusted the number of outstanding membership units retroactively for all periods presented to give effect to the above-mentioned amendment and resulting recapitalization.  

On November 8, 2016, CWGS Group, LLC and CWGS, LLC (as parent guarantor) entered into a new $680.0 million senior secured credit facility with Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (the   New Senior Secured Credit Facilities  ) and used the proceeds to repay the CWGS Group, LLC Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The New Senior Secured Credit Facilities consists of a seven-year $645.0 million New Term Loan Facility and a five-year $35.0 million Revolving Credit Facility. The New Term Loan Facility bears interest at LIBOR plus 3.75% with a 0.75% LIBOR floor, and outstanding balances under the New Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 3.50%. The New Term Loan Facility includes mandatory amortization at 1% per annum in equal quarterly installments.   

24 

Table of Contents  

Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the discussion in the  Business  section of our prospectus, dated October 6, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) in accordance with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on October 11, 2016. This discussion and analysis reflects our historical results of operations and financial position, and, except as otherwise indicated below, does not give effect to the completion of our initial public offering or the reorganization transactions entered into in connection therewith. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the  Company,   we,   us  and  our  refer to CWGS Enterprises, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the reorganization transactions described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and to Camping World Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries following the reorganization transactions.   

For purposes of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we define an "Active Customer" as a customer who has transacted with us in any of the eight most recently completed fiscal quarters prior to the date of measurement. Unless otherwise indicated, the date of measurement is September 30, 2016, our most recently completed fiscal quarter.  Additionally, references herein to the approximately 9 million U.S. households that own a recreational vehicle ("RV") are based on The RV Consumer in 2011, an industry report published by the University of Michigan in 2011 (the "RV Survey"), which we believe to be the most recent such survey. 

Overview 

We believe we are the only provider of a comprehensive portfolio of services, protection plans, products and resources for RV enthusiasts. Approximately 9 million households in the U.S. own an RV, and of that installed base, we have approximately 3.3 million Active Customers. We generate recurring revenue by providing RV owners and enthusiasts the full spectrum of services, protection plans, products and resources that we believe are essential to operate, maintain and protect their RV and to enjoy the RV lifestyle. We provide these offerings through our two iconic brands: Good Sam and Camping World. 

We believe our Good Sam branded offerings provide the industry s broadest and deepest range of services, protection plans, products and resources, including: extended vehicle service contracts and insurance protection plans, roadside assistance, membership clubs and financing products. A majority of these programs are on a multi-year or annually renewable basis. We also operate the Good Sam Club, which we believe is the largest RV organization in the world, with approximately 1.7 million members as of September 30, 2016. Membership benefits include a variety of discounts, exclusive benefits, specialty publications and other membership benefits, all of which we believe enhance the RV experience, drive customer engagement and provide cross-selling opportunities for our other services, protection plans and products. 

Our Camping World brand operates the largest national network of RV-centric retail locations in the United States through our 120 retail locations in 36 states, as of September 30, 2016, and through our e-commerce platforms. We believe we are significantly larger in scale than our next largest competitor. We provide new and used RVs, repair parts, RV accessories and supplies, RV repair and maintenance services, protection plans, travel assistance plans, RV financing, and lifestyle products and services for new and existing RV owners. Our retail locations are staffed with knowledgeable local team members, providing customers access to extensive RV expertise. Our retail locations are strategically located in key national RV markets.  

25 

Table of Contents  

We attract new customers primarily through our retail locations, e-commerce platforms and direct marketing. Once we acquire our customers through a transaction, they become part of our customer database where we leverage customized customer relationship management ("CRM ) tools and analytics to actively engage, market and sell multiple products and services. Our goal is to consistently grow our customer database through our various channels to increasingly cross-sell our products and services. 

Segments 

We identify our reporting segments based on the organizational units used by management to monitor performance and make operating decisions. We have identified two reporting segments: (a) Consumer Services and Plans, and (b) Retail. We provide our consumer services and plans offerings through our Good Sam brand and we provide our retail offerings through our Camping World brand. Within the Consumer Services and Plans segment, we primarily derive revenue from the sale of the following offerings: emergency roadside assistance; property and casualty insurance programs; travel assist programs; extended vehicle service contracts; co-branded credit cards; vehicle financing and refinancing; club memberships; and publications and directories. Within the Retail segment, we primarily derive revenue from the sale of the following products: new vehicles; used vehicles; parts and service, including RV accessories and supplies; and finance and insurance. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we generated 4.7% and 4.8%, of our total revenue from our Consumer Services and Plans segment, respectively, and 95.3% and 95.2% of our total revenue from our Retail segment, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we generated 9.5% and 9.3% of our gross profit from our Consumer Services and Plans segment, respectively, and 90.5% and 90.7% of our gross profit from our Retail segment, respectively. See Note 12 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Growth Strategies and Outlook 

We believe RV trips remain the least expensive type of vacation and allow RV owners to travel more while spending less. RV trips offer savings on a variety of vacation costs, including, among others, airfare, lodging and dining. While fuel costs are a component of the overall vacation cost,     we believe fluctuations in fuel prices are not a significant factor affecting a family s decision to take RV trips. 

The RV owner installed base has benefited positively from the aging and the increased industry penetration of the baby boomer consumer demographic, those aged 52 to 70 years old. In addition to growth from baby boomers, the Recreational Vehicle Industry Association estimates the fastest growing RV owner age group includes Generation X consumers, those currently 35 to 54 years old. The U.S. Census Bureau estimates that approximately 84 million Americans were of the age 35 to 54 years old in 2014. 

In addition to positive age trends, according to the RV Survey, the typical RV customer has, on average, a household income of approximately $75,000. This is approximately 50% higher than the median household income of the broader United States population at the time of the RV survey, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. The higher average income has resulted in a more resilient RV consumer with greater buying power across economic cycles. 

Taken together, we believe the savings RVs offer on a variety of vacation costs, an increase in the pool of potential RV customers due to an aging baby boomer demographic, and the increased RV ownership among younger consumers should continue to grow the installed base of RV owners, and will have a positive impact on RV usage. 

We plan to take advantage of these positive trends in RV usage to pursue the following strategies to continue to grow our revenue and profits: 

Grow our Active Base of Customers.   We believe our strong brands, leading market position, ongoing investment in our service platform, broad product portfolio and full suite of resources will continue to provide us with competitive advantages in targeting and capturing a larger share of consumers with whom we do not currently transact in addition to the growing number of new RV      

26 

Table of Contents  

enthusiasts that will enter the market. We expect to continue to grow the Active Customer base primarily through three strategies:     

Targeted Marketing:    We continuously work to attract new customers to our existing retail and online locations through targeted marketing, attractive introductory offerings and access to our wide array of resources for RV enthusiasts.     

Greenfield Retail Locations:    We establish retail locations in new and existing markets to expand our customer base. Target markets and locations are identified by employing proprietary data and analytical tools.     

Retail Location Acquisitions:    The RV dealership industry is highly fragmented with a large number of independent RV dealers. We use acquisitions of independent dealers as a fast and capital efficient alternative to new retail location openings to expand our business and grow our customer base.     

Cross-Sell Products and Services.   We believe our customer database of over 12 million unique contacts provides us with the opportunity to continue our growth through the cross-selling of our products and services. We use our customized CRM system and database analytics to proactively market and cross-sell to Active Customers. We also seek to increase the penetration of our customers who exhibit higher multi-product attachment rates.     

New Products and Vertical Acquisitions.   Introduction of new products enhances our cross-selling effort, both by catering to evolving customer demands and by bringing in new customers. Through relationships with existing suppliers and through acquisitions, we will look to increase the new products we can offer to our customers. Similarly, an opportunistic vertical acquisition strategy allows us to earn an increased margin on our services, protection plans and products, and we evaluate such acquisitions that can allow us to capture additional sales from our customers at attractive risk-adjusted returns.     

As discussed below under     Liquidity and Capital Resources,   we believe that our sources of liquidity and capital will be sufficient to take advantage of these positive trends in RV usage and finance our growth strategy. However, the operation of our business, the rate of our expansion and our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions depend on the availability of adequate capital, which in turn typically depends on cash flow generated by our business and, if necessary, the availability of equity or debt capital. In addition, as we grow, we will face the risk that our existing resources and systems, including management resources, accounting and finance personnel and operating systems, may be inadequate to support our growth. Any inability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or raise additional equity or debt capital or retain the personnel or make the other changes in our systems that may be required to support our growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See   Risk Factors   Risks Related to our Business   Our ability to operate and expand our business and to respond to changing business and economic conditions will depend on the availability of adequate capital   and   Risk Factors   Risks Related to our Business   Our expansion into new, unfamiliar markets presents increased risks that may prevent us from being profitable in these new markets.  Delays in opening or acquiring new retail locations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

How We Generate Revenue 

Revenue across each of our two reporting segments is impacted by the following key revenue drivers: 

Number of Active Customers.    As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 we had approximately 3.3 million and 3.1 million Active Customers, respectively. Our Active Customer base is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our revenue. We attract new customers to our business primarily through our retail locations. Once we acquire our customers through a transaction, they become part of our customer database where we use CRM tools to cross-sell Active Customers additional products and services. 

27 

Table of Contents  

Consumer Services and Plans.     The majority of our consumer services and plans, such as our roadside assistance, extended service contracts, insurance programs, travel assist and our Good Sam and Coast to Coast clubs, are built on a recurring revenue model. A majority of these programs are on a multi-year or annually renewable basis and have annualized fees typically ranging from $20 to $5,200. We believe that many of these products and services are essential for our customers to operate, maintain and protect their RVs and to enjoy the RV lifestyle, resulting in attractive annual retention rates. As we continue to grow our consumer services and plans business, we expect to further enhance our visibility with respect to revenue and cash flow, and increase our overall profitability. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 we had, respectively, 1.8 million and 1.7 million club members in our Good Sam and Coast to Coast clubs. 

Retail Locations.    We open new retail locations through organic growth and acquisitions. Our new retail locations are one of the primary ways in which we attract new customers to our business. Our retail locations typically offer our full array of products and services, including new and used RVs, RV financing, protection plans, a selection of OEM and aftermarket repair parts, RV accessories, RV maintenance products, supplies and outdoor lifestyle products. 

The total number of new retail location openings in any period, including the mix of greenfield locations and acquired locations, the geographic location of the openings and the timing of the     incurrence of pre-opening costs, will continue to have an impact on our revenue and profitability. When we build or acquire new retail locations, we make capital investments in facilities, fixtures and equipment, which we amortize over time. Before we open new retail locations organically or through acquisitions, we incur pre-opening expenses, including advertising costs, payroll expenses, travel expenses, employee training costs, rent expenses and setup costs.  While acquired sites typically remain open following an acquisition, in certain instances we may close a location following an acquisition for remodeling for a period of time generally not in excess of eight weeks. A greenfield retail location typically takes five to 12 months to open from the time we sign a lease for the location and we typically begin to incur pre-opening expenses 60 to 90 days prior to opening. Our acquisitions are typically profitable within two full calendar months after an acquisition, with the exception of acquisitions we consider turn-around opportunities, which are typically profitable within two to four months. Our greenfield locations typically reach profitability within three months. When we enter new markets, we may be exposed to start up times that are longer and store revenue and contribution margins that are lower than reflected in our average historical experience. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we opened one and two greenfield locations, respectively, acquired five (of which four were opened during the period and one is scheduled to open in the fourth quarter of 2016) and six retail locations, respectively, and did not close any retail locations during either period.  

Same store sales.    Same store sales measures the performance of a retail location during the current reporting period against the performance of the same retail location in the corresponding period of the previous year. Same store sales calculations for a given period include only those stores that were open both at the end of corresponding period and at the beginning of the preceding fiscal year. 

Same store sales growth is driven by increases in the number of transactions and the average transaction price. In addition to attracting new customers and cross-selling our consumer services and plans, we also drive our sales through new product introductions, including our private label offerings. Although growth in same store sales drives our overall revenue, we have and will continue to experience volatility in same store sales from period to period, mainly due to changes in our product sales mix. Our product mix in any period is principally impacted by the number and mix of new or used RVs that we sell due to the high price points of these products compared to our other retail products and the range of price points among the types of RVs sold. 

As discussed below, a decrease in same store sales resulting from product mix will not necessarily have a significant impact on our profitability because our product sales outside of new and used RVs typically carry higher margins and because margins vary among the different types of RVs sold. Through the sale of RVs, we are able to add members to our Active Customer base and increase our opportunities to cross-sell our higher margin products and recurring consumer services and plans. 

28 

Table of Contents  

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had, respectively, a base of 107 and 100 same stores, of which same stores, respectively, 18 and 17 did not include dealerships. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, our aggregate same store sales were $831.2 million and $785.8 million, respectively, representing a same store sales increase of 5.8%. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our aggregate same stores sales were $2,372.6 million and $2,212.3 million, respectively, representing a same store sales increase of 7.2%. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 we had, respectively, a total of 120 and 117 retail locations. 

Other Key Performance Indicators 

Gross Profit and Gross Margins.    Gross profit is our total revenue less our total costs applicable to revenue. Our total costs applicable to revenue primarily consists of the cost of goods and cost of sales. Gross margin is gross profit as a percentage of revenue. 

Our gross profit is variable in nature and generally follows changes in our revenue. While gross margins for our Retail segment are lower than our gross margins for our Consumer Services and Plans segment, our Retail segment generates significant gross profit and is a primary means of acquiring new customers, to which we then cross-sell our higher margin products and services with recurring revenue. We believe the overall growth of our Retail segment will allow us to continue to drive growth in gross profits due to our ability to cross-sell our consumer services and plans to our increasing Active Customer base. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 gross profit was $76.8 million and $67.6 million respectively, and gross margin was 56.5% and 52.9% respectively, for our Consumer Services and Plans segment, and gross profit was $731.8 million and $661.9 million, respectively, and gross margin was 26.5% and 26.0%, respectively, for our Retail segment. 

SG A as a percentage of Gross Profit.    Selling, general and administrative (  SG A  ) expenses as a percentage of gross profit allows us to monitor our expense control over a period of time. SG A consists primarily of wage-related expenses, selling expenses related to commissions and advertising, lease expenses and corporate overhead expenses. We calculate SG A expenses as a percentage of gross profit by dividing SG A expenses for the period by total gross profit. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 SG A as a percentage of gross profit was 67.4% and 67.5%, respectively. We expect SG A expenses to increase as we open new retail locations through organic growth and acquisitions, which we also expect will drive increases in revenue and gross profit. Additionally, we expect that our SG A expenses will increase in future periods in part due to additional legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses that we expect to incur as a result of being a public company, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations. 

Adjusted EBITDA.    Adjusted EBITDA is one of the primary metrics management uses to evaluate the financial performance of our business. Adjusted EBITDA is also frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry. We use Adjusted EBITDA to supplement GAAP measures of performance as follows: 

as a measurement of operating performance to assist us in comparing the operating performance of our business on a consistent basis, and remove the impact of items not directly resulting from our core operations;     

for planning purposes, including the preparation of our internal annual operating budget and financial projections;     

to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of our operational strategies; and     

to evaluate our capacity to fund capital expenditures and expand our business.     

We define EBITDA as net income before other interest expense (excluding floor plan interest expense), provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization. 

We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income before other interest expense (excluding floor plan interest expense), provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, loss (gain) on debt repayment, loss (gain) on sale of assets and disposition of stores, monitoring fees, an adjustment to rent on right to use   

29 

Table of Contents  

assets and other unusual or one-time items.  Adjusted EBITDA is not a GAAP measure of our financial performance and should not be considered as an alternative to net income as a measure of financial performance, or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Additionally, Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of discretionary cash to invest in the growth of our business, as it does not reflect tax payments, debt service requirements, capital expenditures and certain other cash costs that may recur in the future, including, among other things, cash requirements for working capital needs and cash costs to replace assets being depreciated and amortized. Management compensates for these limitations by relying on our GAAP results in addition to using Adjusted EBITDA supplementally. Our measure of Adjusted EBITDA is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled captions of other companies due to different methods of calculation. 

The following is a reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA: 

(a) 

Represents an adjustment to eliminate the gains and losses on sales of various assets and aggregate non-recurring losses from two non-performing locations that were sold in 2015.     

(b) 

Represents monitoring fees paid pursuant to a monitoring agreement with Crestview Advisors, L.L.C. and Stephen Adams. We terminated the monitoring agreement upon the consummation of the IPO.     

(c) 

Represents an adjustment to rent expense for the periods presented for derecognition of certain right to use liabilities in the fourth quarter of 2015 due to certain lease modifications which caused the leases to be reported as operating leases. The adjustments represent additional rent expense that would have been incurred for the periods presented had the leases previously been classified as operating leases.     

30 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 

Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

The following table sets forth information comparing the components of net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Total revenue was $1,006.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $44.0 million, or 4.6%, as compared to $962.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily driven by the 22.0% increase in new vehicle unit sales in our Retail segment, partially offset by a 24.4% decrease in used unit sales primarily due to reduced inventory availability, resulting from fewer trades on new unit sales, and the distribution of the AutoMatch business in the second quarter of 2016, as described below. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Total revenue was $2,900.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $223.2 million, or 8.3%, as compared to $2,676.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily driven by the 20.4% increase in new vehicle unit sales in our Retail segment, partially offset by a 10.3% decrease in used unit sales, primarily due to reduced inventory availability, resulting from fewer trades on new unit sales, and the distribution of the AutoMatch business in the second quarter of 2016, as described below. 

Consumer Services and Plans 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Consumer Services and Plans revenue was $45.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $4.5 million, or 11.1%, as compared to $40.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increased revenue was attributable to increased marketing fee revenue from our vehicle insurance and credit card programs of $1.9 million, mostly due to increased policies in force; $1.5   

31 

Table of Contents  

million from increased contracts in force in the roadside assistance, Good Sam TravelAssist and extended vehicle warranty programs; $1.0 million from increased average file size for the Good Sam Club and Coast to Coast Club; and $0.1 million of other increases. 

Consumer Services and Plans gross profit was $25.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $4.0 million, or 18.6%, as compared to $21.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to increased roadside assistance contracts in force and reduced claims, together resulting in a gross profit increase of $1.5 million, an increase from our vehicle insurance and credit card programs of $2.0 million resulting primarily from increased policies in force, and a $0.5 million increase from other ancillary products. Gross margin increased 353 basis points to 56.1% primarily due to increased file size and reduced program costs for roadside assistance, and increases within the vehicle insurance programs. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Consumer Services and Plans revenue was $135.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $8.1 million, or 6.4%, as compared to $127.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increased revenue was attributable to increased contracts in force in the roadside assistance, Good Sam TravelAssist and extended vehicle warranty programs resulting in an increase of $4.2 million, increased marketing fee revenue from our vehicle insurance and credit card programs of $3.0 million resulting primarily from increased policies in force, increased average file size for the Good Sam Club and Coast to Coast Club resulting in an increase of $1.5 million, and increases from other ancillary products of $1.1 million, partially offset by a $1.7 million reduction in member event revenue due to an RV rally event that occurred in the first nine months of 2015 with no corresponding event in the first nine months of 2016. 

Consumer Services and Plans gross profit was $76.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $9.2 million, or 13.7%, as compared to $67.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to increased roadside assistance contracts in force and reduced claims, together resulting in gross profit increase of $4.2 million, increased customer participation in our vehicle insurance and credit card programs resulting in an increase of $2.8 million, increased Good Sam Club and Coast to Coast Club average membership resulting in an increase of $1.2 million, and a $1.0 million increase from other ancillary products. Gross margin increased 364 basis points to 56.5% primarily due to increased file size and reduced program costs for roadside assistance, and increased policies in force within the vehicle insurance programs. 

Retail: 

New Vehicles 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

New vehicle revenue was $545.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $77.1 million, or 16.5%, as compared to $468.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to a 22.0% increase in vehicle unit sales primarily attributable to a same store sales increase of 13.5% driven by increased consumer confidence and improved credit availability, which drives the sales of Class C motorhomes and travel trailers. The balance of the increase was from five greenfield and acquired locations opened in 2016. 

New vehicle gross profit was $70.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $7.7 million, or 12.2%, as compared to $62.6 million for the three months ended   

32 

Table of Contents  

September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to the 22.0% increase in vehicle unit sales partially offset by an 8.0% decrease in gross profit per unit. Gross margin decreased 49 basis points to 12.9%. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

New vehicle revenue was $1,533.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $218.7 million, or 16.6%, as compared to $1,314.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to a 20.4% increase in vehicle unit sales primarily attributable to a same store sales increase of 12.5% driven by increased consumer confidence and improved credit availability, which drives the sales of Class C motorhomes and travel trailers. The balance of the increase was from five greenfield and acquired locations opened in 2016. 

New vehicle gross profit was $207.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $27.9 million, or 15.5%, as compared to $179.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to the 20.4% increase in vehicle unit sales and a 4.1% decrease in gross profit per unit. Gross margin decreased 13 basis points to 13.5%. 

Used Vehicles 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Used vehicle revenue was $181.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $56.2 million, or 23.6%, as compared to $238.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to reduced inventory availability, resulting from fewer trades on new unit sales, and the elimination of the automobile unit business as a result of the distribution of the AutoMatch business in the second quarter of 2016, driving a 24.4% decrease in used vehicle unit sales. Same store sales decreased by 13.6% with the remaining decrease driven by the disposition of the AutoMatch business in the second quarter of 2016 and stores closed in the fourth quarter of 2015. 

Used vehicle gross profit was $41.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $4.6 million, or 10.0%, as compared to $45.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in vehicle unit sales, partially offset by a 19.0% increase in gross profit per unit and a gross margin increase of 343 basis points, primarily attributable to elimination of lower margin auto sales upon the disposition of the AutoMatch business in the second quarter of 2016. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Used vehicle revenue was $578.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $68.1 million, or 10.5%, as compared to $646.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to reduced levels of inventory, resulting from fewer trades on new unit sales, driving a 10.3% decrease in used vehicle unit sales, with a 5.8% decrease in same store sales, and the remaining decrease from the disposition of the AutoMatch business in the second quarter of 2016, and stores closed in the fourth quarter of 2015.  

Used vehicle gross profit was $116.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $7.8 million, or 6.3%, as compared to $124.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a 10.3% decrease in vehicle unit sales partially offset by a 4.5% increase in gross profit per unit and a gross margin increase of 92 basis points  . 

33 

Table of Contents  

Parts, Services and Other 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Parts, services and other revenue was $166.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $8.9 million, or 5.6%, as compared to $157.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to increased service, warranty and parts revenue resulting from a 4.7% increase in same store sales and the remainder from five greenfield and acquired locations opened in 2016.  

Parts, services and other gross profit was $77.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $6.2 million, or 8.7%, as compared to $71.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Gross profit increased $6.2 million primarily due to increases from warranty and customer pay services, a same store sales increase of 4.7%, primarily resulting from an increase in new vehicle sales, and the addition of four new and opened retail locations in 2016. Gross margin increased 132 basis points to 46.7%, primarily due to a reduction in promotional discounts. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Parts, services and other revenue was $465.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $34.1 million, or 7.9%, as compared to $430.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to increases across all parts, services and other product categories resulting from a same store sales increase of 5.1%, primarily resulting from an increase in new vehicle sales, and the remainder from five greenfield and acquired locations opened in 2016. 

Parts, services and other gross profit was $220.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $19.4 million, or 9.7%, as compared to $200.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to increases from warranty and customer pay service, a same store sales increase of 5.1%, primarily resulting from an increase in new vehicle sales, and the addition of five greenfield and acquired locations opened in 2016. Gross margin increased 76 basis points to 47.4%, primarily due to a reduction in promotional discounts. 

Finance and Insurance, net 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Finance and insurance, net revenue and gross profit were each $67.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $9.7 million, or 16.7%, as compared to $57.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to incremental vehicle finance contracts assigned due to higher vehicle unit sales and higher finance and insurance sales penetration rates of travel trailer buyers resulting from a 14.9% increase in same store sales and the remainder from five greenfield and acquired locations. Finance and insurance, net revenue as a percentage of total new and used vehicle revenue increased to 9.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 8.2% for the comparable period in 2015. 

34 

Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Finance and insurance, net revenue and gross profit were each $187.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $30.4 million, or 19.3%, as compared to $157.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to incremental vehicle finance contracts assigned due to higher vehicle unit sales and higher finance and insurance sales penetration rates of travel trailer buyers resulting from a 15.4% increase in same store sales and the remainder from five greenfield and acquired locations. Finance and insurance, net revenue as a percentage of total new and used vehicle revenue increased to 8.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 8.0% for the comparable period in 2015. 

Selling, general and administrative 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were $188.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $12.4 million, or 7.0%, as compared to $176.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to increases of $6.6 million of wage-related expenses, primarily attributable to increased vehicle unit sales and the addition of six greenfield and acquired locations in 2016, of which five were opened and one is scheduled to open in the fourth quarter of 2016, $4.9 million of additional lease expense primarily attributable to derecognition of certain right to use leases in the fourth quarter of 2015, and $0.9 million of store and corporate overhead expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total gross profit was 66.9% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 68.1% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of 114 basis points. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were $545.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $52.6 million, or 10.7%, as compared to $492.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to increases of $30.0 million of wage-related expenses, primarily attributable to increased vehicle unit sales and the addition of six greenfield and acquired locations in 2016, of which five were opened and one is scheduled to open in the fourth quarter of 2016, $12.0 million of additional lease expense primarily attributable   derecognition   of certain right to use leases in the fourth quarter of 2015, $7.4 million of variable selling expenses attributable to commissions and selling expense, and $3.2 million of store and corporate overhead expenses, primarily related to the new retail locations. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total gross profit was 67.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 67.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of 10 basis points. 

Depreciation and amortization 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Depreciation and amortization was $6.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $0.2 million, or 2.6%, as compared to $6.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Depreciation and amortization was $18.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $0.4 million, or 2.0%, as compared to $17.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase reflects additional depreciation due to capital expenditures for new and existing dealership improvements. 

35 

Table of Contents  

Floor plan interest expense 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Floor plan interest expense was $4.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $1.3 million, or 43.4%, as compared to $3.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to increased average outstanding amount payable under our Floor Plan Facility for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily resulting from an increased inventory level due to new dealership locations, and locations expecting higher unit sales, as well as a 41 basis point increase in the average floor plan borrowing rate. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Floor plan interest expense was $14.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $5.5 million, or 58.1%, as compared to $9.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to increased average outstanding amount payable under our Floor Plan Facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily resulting from an increased inventory level due to new dealership locations, and locations expecting higher unit sales, as well as a 52 basis point increase in the average floor plan borrowing rate.  

Other interest expense, net 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Other interest expense, net was $12.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $1.7 million, or 11.8%, as compared to $14.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a $2.7 million decrease in interest expense attributable to a decrease in right to use liabilities, and a $0.1 million decrease in other interest expense, partially offset by a $1.1 million increase in interest expense primarily due to incremental borrowings under the Existing Term Loan Facility of $55.0 million in December 2015 to acquire retail locations and a 50 basis point increase in the borrowing margin under the aggregate Existing Term Loan Facility upon the December 17, 2015 incremental borrowing. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Other interest expense, net was $38.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $2.7 million, or 6.7%, as   compared   to $40.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a $6.8 million decrease in interest expense resulting from a decrease in right to use liabilities, partially offset by a $4.1 million increase in interest expense due to incremental borrowings under the Existing Term Loan Facility of $55.0 million in December 2015 to acquire retail locations and $95.0 million in June 2015 to pay distributions to the CWGS, Enterprises, LLC, a direct subsidiary of the Company ( CWGS, LLC ) members, and a 50 basis point increase in the borrowing margin under the aggregate Existing Term Loan Facility upon the December 17, 2015 incremental borrowing. 

36 

Table of Contents  

Segment results 

The following table   sets   forth a reconciliation of total segment income to consolidated income from operations before income taxes for each of our segments for the period presented: 

(1) 

Segment income represents income for each of our reportable segments and is defined as income from operations before depreciation and amortization, plus floor plan interest expense.     

Consumer Services and Plans segment revenue 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Consumer Services and Plans segment revenue was $45.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $4.5 million, or 11.1%, as compared to $40.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increased revenue was attributable to increased marketing fee revenue from our vehicle insurance and credit card programs of $1.9 million mostly due to increased policies in force, increased contracts in force in the roadside assistance, Good Sam TravelAssist and extended vehicle warranty programs resulting in an increase of $1.5 million, increased average file size for the Good Sam Club and Coast to Coast Club resulting in an increase of $1.0 million, and $0.1 million of other increases. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Consumer Services and Plans segment revenue was $135.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $8.1 million, or 6.4%, as compared to $127.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increased revenue was attributable to increased contracts in force in the roadside assistance, Good Sam TravelAssist and extended vehicle warranty programs resulting in an increase of $4.2 million, increased marketing fee revenue from our vehicle insurance and credit card programs of $3.0 million resulting from increased policies in force, increased average file size for the Good Sam Club and Coast to Coast Club resulting in an increase of $1.5 million, and increases from other ancillary products of $1.1 million, partially offset by a $1.7 million reduction in member event revenue due to an RV rally event that occurred in the first nine months of 2015 with no corresponding event in the first nine months of 2016. 

Retail segment revenue 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Retail segment revenue was $960.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $39.5 million, or 4.3%, as compared to $921.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to five greenfield and acquired locations opened in 2016, and a 5.8% increase in same store sales, as described above. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Retail segment revenue was $2,764.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $215.1 million, or 8.4%, as compared to $2,549.1 million for the nine months ended   

37 

Table of Contents  

September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to a 7.2% increases in same store sales and the balance primarily from five greenfield and acquired locations opened in 2016, as described above. 

Same store sales 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Same store sales were $831.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $45.4 million, or 5.8%, as compared to $785.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to increased volume of new towable units sold, and, to a lesser extent, revenue increases from parts, services and other, and finance and insurance, net, partially offset by a decrease in same store sales from used units sold. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Same store sales were $2,372.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $160.3 million, or 7.2%, as compared to $2,212.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to increased volume of new towable units sold, and, to a lesser extent, revenue increases from parts, services and other, and finance and insurance, net, partially offset by a decrease in same store sales from used units sold. 

Total segment income 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Total segment income was $89.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $9.8 million, or 12.2%, as compared to $80.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to gross profit increases from finance and insurance, new vehicles, and parts, services and other, partially offset by increases in selling, general and administrative expenses. Total segment income margin increased 61 basis points to 8.9%. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Total segment income was $251.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $21.3 million, or 9.3%, as compared to $230.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to the increase in vehicle unit sales volume, as described below. Total segment income margin increased 7 basis points to 8.7%. 

Consumer Services and Plans segment income 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Consumer Services and Plans segment income was $19.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $1.6 million, or 9.0%, as compared to $18.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The segment income increase was attributable to increased segment income from our vehicle insurance and credit card programs of $1.8 million, $1.7 million from increased contracts in force in the roadside assistance, Good Sam TravelAssist and extended vehicle warranty programs, and $0.5 million from various other products, partially offset by increases in selling, general and administrative expenses of $2.4 million primarily from increased wages and other overhead expenses. Consumer Services and Plans segment income margin decreased 87 basis points to 43.7%, primarily due to a $2.4 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses partially offset by a 353 basis point increase in Consumer Services and Plans gross margin. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Consumer Services and Plans segment income was $63.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $5.5 million, or 9.4%, as compared to $58.5 million for the nine months   

38 

Table of Contents  

ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to $4.2 million from the roadside assistance programs resulting from increased average contracts in force and reduced claims costs, $2.6 million from our vehicle insurance and co-branded credit card programs, $1.2 million from increased average file size for the Good Sam Club and Coast to Coast Club and $1.3 million from various other products, partially offset by increases in selling, general and administrative expenses of $3.8 million primarily due to increased wages and professional fees. Consumer Services and Plans segment income margin increased 128 basis points to 47.1%, primarily due to a 364 basis point increase in Consumer Services and Plans gross margin, partially offset by a $3.8 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Retail segment income 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Retail segment income was $70.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $8.2 million, or 13.2%, as compared to $61.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to increased segment gross profit of $9.7 million primarily due to higher revenue and sales penetration of finance and insurance products, an increase of $7.7 million primarily from increased new unit volume of 2,586 units for the three months ended September 30, 2016 versus the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase $6.2 million from parts, services and other, and $0.2 million from an increase in gain on asset sales, partially offset by increased selling, general and administrative expenses of $9.7 million primarily relating to increased variable wages relating to increased revenue, and increased rent relating to new stores and prior year capitalization of leases, a $4.6 million segment gross profit reduction from used units relating to the reduced volume sold, and a $1.3 million increase in floor plan interest expense relating to a 21.9% increase in the average floor plan balance. Retail segment income margin increased 57 basis points to 7.3%, primarily due to increased penetration of the finance and insurance products to 9.3 % of total new and used revenue, from 8.2% for the comparable prior year period, and decreased selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of gross profit of 158 basis points. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Retail segment income was $187.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $15.9 million, or 9.2%, as compared to $171.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to increased gross profit of $30.4 million primarily due to higher revenue and higher sales penetration of finance and insurance products, an increase of $27.9 million primarily from increased new unit volume of 6,906 units for the nine months ended September, 2016 versus the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and $19.4 million from increased margin from parts, services and other, partially offset by increased selling, general and administrative expenses of $48.4 million primarily relating to increased variable wages relating to increased revenue, and increased rent relating to new stores and prior year capitalization of leases, a $7.8 million gross profit reduction from used units relating to the reduced volume sold, a $5.5 million increase in floor plan interest expense relating to a 29.2% increase in the average floor plan balance, and a $0.1 million decrease in gain on asset sales. Retail segment income margin increased 5 basis points to 6.8%, primarily due to decreased selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of gross profit of 33 basis points, a 92 basis point increase in used vehicle gross margin, and increases in sales of the finance and insurance products, partially offset by a 13 basis point reduction in new vehicle gross margin. 

Corporate and other expenses 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Corporate and other expenses were $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of 52.3%, as compared to $0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to an increase in professional fees. 

39 

Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

Corporate and other expenses were $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of 19.3%, as compared to $2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to an increase in professional fees. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

Historically, our primary requirements for liquidity and capital have been working capital, inventory management, acquiring and building new retail locations, including pre-opening expenses, the improvement and expansion of existing retail locations, debt service and general corporate needs. We also made distributions to holders of equity interests of CWGS, LLC. Historically, these cash requirements have been met through cash provided by operating activities, cash and cash equivalents and borrowings under our Existing Revolving Credit Facility and our Floor Plan Facility, (each as defined herein). 

On October 11, 2016, we completed our initial public offering (the  IPO ) and sold 11,363,636 shares of Class A common stock at a public offering price of $22.00 per share, receiving $233.4 million in proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions. We used the net proceeds to purchase 11,363,636 newly-issued common units from CWGS, LLC at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock in the IPO less underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition, on November 4, 2016, the underwriters exercised their option, in part, to purchase an additional 508,564 shares of Class A common stock. On November 9, 2016, we closed on the purchase of the additional 508,564 shares of Class A commons stock and received $10.4 million in additional proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, which we used to purchase 508,564 newly-issued common units from CWGS, LLC at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock in the IPO less underwriting discounts and commissions. CWGS, LLC, at our direction, used or will use the proceeds to pay $5.8 million of expenses, including legal, accounting, printing and other professional fees incurred in connection with the completion of the IPO, of which $1.1 million remains unpaid as of November 10, 2016; to make a payment of $200.4 million to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under the Existing Term Loan Facility; and the remaining $37.7 million will be used by CWGS, LLC for general corporate purposes, including the potential acquisition of dealerships. Total expenses, including legal, accounting, printing and other professional fees incurred in connection with the IPO were $9.7 million. 

As a public company, additional future liquidity needs will include public company costs, the payment of quarterly cash dividends, the redemption right held by the common unit holders of CWGS, LLC or the  Continuing Equity Owners,  whom we define as collectively, ML Acquisition Company, a Delaware limited liability company, indirectly owned by each of Stephen Adams and our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Marcus Lemonis ( ML Acquisition ), funds controlled by Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. and, collectively, our named executive officers (excluding Marcus Lemonis), Andris A. Baltins and K. Dillon Schickli, who are members of our board of directors, and certain other current and former non-executive employees and former directors, in each case, who held profit units in CWGS, LLC pursuant to CWGS, LLC s equity incentive plan that was in existence prior to our IPO and who received common units of CWGS, LLC in exchange for their profit units in connection with the Transactions (as defined in Note 4 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q) (collectively, the  Former Profit Unit Holders ) and each of their permitted transferees that own common units in CWGS, LLC and who may redeem at each of their options their common units for, at our election (determined solely by our independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange) who are disinterested), cash or newly-issued shares of our Class A common stock. The Continuing Equity Owners may exercise such redemption right for as long as their common units remain outstanding. Although the actual timing and amount of any payments that may be made under the tax receivable agreement that we entered into with CWGS, LLC, each of the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. in connection with the IPO (the  Tax Receivable Agreement ) will vary, we expect that the payments that we will be required to make to the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. will be significant. Any payments made by us to the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to       

40 

Table of Contents  

us or to CWGS, LLC and, to the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore may accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. For a discussion of the Tax Receivable Agreement, see Note 4 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

CWGS, LLC intends to make a regular quarterly cash distribution to its common unit holders, including us, of approximately $0.0605 per common unit and we intend to use all of the proceeds from such distribution on our common units to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend of approximately $0.0605 per share on our Class A common stock, subject to our discretion as the sole managing member of CWGS, LLC and the discretion of our board of directors. CWGS, LLC shall make cash distributions in accordance with the CWGS, LLC s amended and restated limited liability company agreement (the  CWGS LLC Agreement ) in an amount sufficient for us to pay any expenses incurred by us in connection with the regular quarterly cash dividend, along with any of our other operating expenses and other obligations.  

In addition, the CWGS LLC Agreement requires tax distributions to be made by CWGS, LLC to its members, including us. In general, tax distributions will be made on a quarterly basis, to each member of CWGS, LLC, including us, based on such member's allocable share of the taxable income of CWGS, LLC (which, in our case, will be determined without regard to any basis adjustments described under  Note 4: Subsequent Events, Tax Receivable Agreement  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q) and an assumed tax rate based on the highest combined federal, state, and local tax rate that may potentially apply to any one of CWGS, LLC's members (currently 52.62%), regardless of the actual final tax liability of any such member. Based on the current applicable effective tax rates, we expect that (i) the assumed tax rate that will be used for purposes of determining tax distributions from CWGS, LLC will exceed our actual combined federal, state and local tax rate (assuming no changes in corporate tax rates) and (ii) the annual amount of tax distributions paid to us will exceed the sum of (A) our actual annual tax liability and (B) the annual amount payable by us under the Tax Receivable Agreement (assuming no early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement) (such excess in clauses (A) and (B), collectively referred to herein as the "Excess Tax Distribution"). We currently intend to pay a special cash dividend of all or a portion of the Excess Tax Distribution to the holders of our Class A common stock from time to time subject to the discretion of our board of directors.  

Our dividend policy has certain risks and limitations, particularly with respect to liquidity, and we may not pay dividends according to our policy, or at all. See   Risk Factors   Risks Related to our Business   Our ability to pay regular and special dividends on our Class A common stock is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by our structure and statutory restrictions and restrictions imposed by our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility as well as any future agreements   in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Notwithstanding our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we believe that our sources of liquidity and capital will be sufficient to finance our continued operations, growth strategy, regular quarterly cash dividends (as described above) and additional expenses we expect to incur as a public company for at least the next twelve months. However, we cannot assure you that our cash provided by operating activities, cash and cash equivalents or cash available under our Existing Revolving Credit Facility or our Floor Plan Facility will be sufficient to meet our future needs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future, and if availability under our Existing Revolving Credit Facility or our Floor Plan Facility is not sufficient, we may have to obtain additional financing. If we obtain additional capital by issuing equity, the interests of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we incur additional indebtedness, that indebtedness may contain significant financial and other covenants that may significantly restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that we could obtain refinancing or additional financing on favorable terms or at all.  See   Risk Factors   Risks Related to our Business   Our ability to operate and expand our business and to respond to changing business and economic conditions will depend on the availability of adequate capital  in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

As of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 we had working capital of $197.2 million and $195.1 million, respectively, including $115.1 million and $92.0 million, respectively, of cash and cash   

41 

Table of Contents  

equivalents. Our working capital reflects the cash provided by deferred revenue and gains reported under current liabilities of $74.7 million and $63.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which reduces working capital. Deferred revenue primarily consists of cash collected for club memberships in advance of services to be provided, which is deferred and recognized as revenue over the life of the membership. We use net proceeds from this deferred membership revenue to lower our long-term borrowings and finance our working capital needs. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, we had $816.3 million of term loans outstanding under the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities (as defined herein), net of $4.7 million of unamortized original issue discount and $11.8 million of finance costs, $0.0 million of revolving borrowings outstanding under the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities, letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $3.7 million outstanding under the Existing Revolving Credit Facility and $532.5 million of floor plan notes payable outstanding under the Floor Plan Facility. As of November 10, 2016, we had $645.0 million of term loans outstanding under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities (as defined herein), net of $3.2 million of unamortized original issue discount, and $0.0 million of revolving borrowings outstanding under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $3.7 million outstanding under the New Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein). 

Cash Flow 

The following table shows summary cash flows information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Operating activities.  Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily collections from contracts in transit and customers following the sale of new and used vehicles, as well as from the sale of retail parts, services and consumer services and plans. Contracts in transit represent amounts due from third-party lenders from whom pre-arranged agreements have been determined, and to whom the retail installment sales contract have been assigned. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are repayments of vehicle floor plan payables, payments to retail product suppliers, personnel-related expenditures, payments related to leased property, advertising, and various consumer services program costs. 

Net cash provided by operating activities was $316.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $100.3 million from $215.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $90.3 million increase due to slower growth in inventories, a $22.0 million increase in net income, a $4.8 million reduction in growth in accounts receivable and contracts in transit in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and a $2.7 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets, and $0.9 million of other operating increases, partially offset by a $20.4 million decrease in accounts payable, accrued liabilities and checks in excess of bank balance in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Investing activities.    Our investment in business activities primarily consists of expanding our operations through organic growth and the acquisition of retail locations. Substantially all of our new retail locations and capital expenditures have been financed using cash provided by operating activities and borrowings under our Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities. 

42 

Table of Contents  

The table below summarizes our capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Our capital expenditures consist primarily of investing in greenfield retail locations, existing retail locations, information technology, hardware, and software. There were no material commitments for capital expenditures as of September 30, 2016. 

Net cash used in investing activities was $99.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The $99.0 million of cash used in investing activities included $67.7 million for the acquisition of five retail locations, of which four were opened and one is scheduled to open in the fourth quarter of 2016, a wholesale parts dealer and six shows, comprised of $0.9 million of accounts receivable, $29.7 million of inventory, $2.8 million of intangible assets, $35.8 million of goodwill, $0.6 million of property and equipment, and $0.2 million of other assets, less $2.3 million of accrued liabilities and customer deposits, in addition to $29.2 million of capital expenditures and $12.9 million for the purchase of real property, partially offset by proceeds from the sale and leaseback of real property and property and equipment of $7.3 million and $3.5 million, respectively. 

Net cash used in investing activities was $167.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $167.0 million of cash used in investing activities included $124.5 million for the acquisition of six retail locations comprised of $77.2 million of inventory, $50.2 million of goodwill, and $0.8 million of property and equipment, less $2.2 million of accrued liabilities and customer deposits, and a $1.5 million purchase price hold back, in addition to $32.3 million of capital expenditures, and $44.5 million for the purchase of real property, partially offset by proceeds from the sale and leaseback of real property and property and equipment of $33.6 million and $0.7 million, respectively. 

Financing activities.    Our financing activities primarily consist of proceeds from the issuance of debt and the repayment of principal and debt issuance costs. 

Our net cash used in financing activities was $194.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The $194.0 million of cash used in financing activities was primarily due to member distributions of $214.8 million, $66.0 million of net payments under the Floor Plan Facility, principal payments under the Existing Term Loan Facility of $43.6 million, and other financing uses of $3.9 million, partially offset by $134.3 million of borrowings under the Existing Term Loan Facility. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we also borrowed and repaid $12.0 million under the Existing Revolving Credit Facility. 

Our net cash used in financing activities was $120.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $120.7 million of cash used in financing activities was primarily due to member distributions of $206.1 million, principal payments under the Existing Term Loan Facility of $26.6 million, and other financing uses of $4.3 million, partially offset by $94.8 million of borrowings under the Existing Term Loan Facility, and $21.5 million of net payments under the Floor Plan Facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Description of Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Floor Plan Facility 

As of September 30, 2016, we had an existing credit agreement that included a $832.9 million term loan (the   Existing Term Loan Facility  ) and $20.0 million of commitments for revolving loans (the   Existing Revolving Credit Facility   and, together with the Existing Term Loan Facility, the   Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities  ). Additionally, we also have up to $1.165 billion in maximum borrowing availability under a floor plan financing facility (the   Floor Plan Facility  ). As of September 30, 2016, we had $816.3 million of   

43 

Table of Contents  

term loans outstanding under the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities, net of $4.7 million of unamortized original issue discount and $11.8 million of finance costs, no revolving borrowings outstanding under the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities and $532.5 million of floor plan notes payable outstanding under the Floor Plan Facility, with $16.3 million of additional borrowing capacity under our Existing Revolving Credit Facility and $632.5 million of additional borrowing capacity under our Floor Plan Facility. Our Existing Term Loan Facility requires us to make quarterly principal payments of the outstanding principal amount thereof, which totaled $31.6 million and $26.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Additionally, we paid total cash interest on our Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities of $34.8 million and $27.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and we paid total floor plan interest expense on our Floor Plan Facility of $14.9 million and $9.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In addition to interest paid on our Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility, we paid cash interest of $1.1 million and $7.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We may from time to time seek to refinance, retire or exchange our outstanding debt. Such refinancings, repayments or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. In the past, we have used interest rate swap derivatives to diversify our debt portfolio between fixed and variable rate instruments. 

Senior Secured Credit Facilities 

On November 20, 2013, CWGS Group, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CWGS, LLC (the   Borrower  ), and CWGS, LLC (as parent guarantor) entered into a credit agreement (the  Existing Credit Agreement ) for a $545.0 million senior secured credit facility (the  Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities ) with Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent and the other lenders party thereto. The Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities originally consisted of a $525.0 million term loan facility (the  Existing Term Loan Facility ) at an original issue discount of $5.25 million or 1.00%, and a $20.0 million revolving credit facility (including a $10.0 million letter of credit sublimit) (the  Existing Revolving Credit Facility ). The Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities also include a $5.0 million swingline commitment. 

On December 1, 2014, we amended the Existing Credit Agreement governing our Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities (the   First Amendment  ) to, among other things, provide for an increase in term loan borrowings to $628.1 million, allow the contribution of the net cash proceeds of the First Amendment to FreedomRoads, LLC (  FreedomRoads  ), a subsidiary of Borrower, finance its acquisition of RV dealerships, increase the size of the incremental cap and make certain other changes to the pricing terms, incremental borrowings provision and certain covenants. 

On June 2, 2015, we further amended the Existing Credit Agreement (the   Second Amendment  ) to, among other things, provide for an increase in term loan borrowings to $705.8 million, allow a special distribution of the net cash proceeds of the Second Amendment from the Borrower to CWGS, LLC for a distribution to its members in the amount of $95.0 million, reduce the applicable rate with respect to term loans, increase the initial restricted payment amount, increase the size of the incremental cap and make certain other changes to the pricing terms, incremental borrowings provision and certain covenants. 

On December 17, 2015, we further amended the Existing Credit Agreement (the   Third Amendment  ) to, among other things, provide for an increase in term loan borrowings to $736.5 million, allow the contribution of the net cash proceeds of the Third Amendment to FreedomRoads, to finance its acquisition of RV dealerships, increase the applicable rate with respect to term loans, increase the size of the incremental cap and make certain other changes to the pricing terms, incremental borrowings provision and certain covenants. 

On September 21, 2016, we further amended the Existing Credit Agreement (the   Fourth Amendment  ) to, among other things, permit the initial public offering, provide for an increase in term loan borrowings to $816.3 million, increase the capacity for payments by the Borrower to CWGS, LLC for payment of regular quarterly distributions to its common unit holders, including us, permit a $100.0 million special distribution of a portion of borrowings under the Fourth Amendment from the Borrower (as defined herein) to CWGS, LLC for a distribution to its members (which was also made on September 21, 2016 and allow a contribution to FreedomRoads to finance the acquisition of RV dealerships. 

44 

Table of Contents  

On November 8, 2016, CWGS Group, LLC and CWGS, LLC (as parent guarantor) entered into a credit agreement (the  New Credit Agreement ) for a new $680.0 million senior secured credit facility (the   New Senior Secured Credit Facilities  ) with Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto and used the proceeds to repay the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The New Senior Secured Credit Facilities consist of a seven-year $645.0 million term loan facility (the  New Term Loan Facility ) and a five-year $35.0 million revolving credit facility (the  New Revolving Credit Facility ). 

Borrowings under the New Term Loan Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either: (a) the London Interbank Offered Rate (  LIBOR  ) multiplied by the statutory reserve rate (such product, the   Adjusted LIBOR Rate  ), subject to a 0.75% floor, plus an applicable margin of 3.75%, in the case of Eurocurrency loans or (b) an alternate base rate (determined by reference to the greatest of : (i) the prime rate published by The Wall Street Journal (the   WSJ Prime Rate  ), (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (iii) the one-month Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus 1.00%), subject to a 1.75% floor, plus an applicable margin of 2.75%, in the case of alternate base rate loans. The New Term Loan Facility includes mandatory amortization at 1% per annum in equal quarterly installments. 

Borrowings under the New Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either: (a) the Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus an applicable margin based on the total leverage ratio, as set forth in the table below, in the case of Eurocurrency borrowings or (b) an alternate base rate (determined by reference to the greatest of : (i) the WSJ Prime Rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (iii) the one-month Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus 1.00%), plus an applicable margin based on the total leverage ratio, as set forth in the table below, in the case of alternate base rate borrowings. 

In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities, we are required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder at a rate of 0.50% per annum. We also pay customary letter of credit and agency fees. 

Existing Term Loan Facility quarterly payments for 2014 were $3.3 million for each of the quarters ended March 31, 2014, June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014 and $4.0 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2014. Existing Term Loan Facility quarterly payments for 2015 and 2016 were $8.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015, $9.3 million for each of the quarters ended June 30, 2015 and September 30, 2015, $10.0 million for each of the quarters ended December 31, 2015 and March 31, 2016, and $9.9 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016, and $11.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Quarterly payments of $1.6 million will be due under the New Term Loan Facility on the last day of each fiscal quarter going forward beginning March 31, 2017. The remaining unpaid principal balance of the New Term Loan Facility along with all accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on November 8, 2023. As of September 30, 2016, we had $816.3 million of term loans outstanding, net of $4.7 million of unamortized original issue discount and $11.8 million of finance costs. Additionally, as of November 10, 2016, we had $645.0 million of term loans outstanding, net of $3.2 million of unamortized original issue discount. The New Term Loan Facility also provides for an excess cash flow payment following the end of each fiscal year, such that the Borrower is required to prepay the term loan borrowings in an aggregate amount equal to 50% of excess cash flow for such fiscal year if the total leverage ratio is greater than 2.00 to 1.00. The required percentage of excess cash flow prepayment is reduced to 25% if the total leverage ratio is 1.50 to 1.00 or greater, but less than 2.00 to 1.00, and 0% if the total leverage ratio is less than 1.50 to 1.00. As of December 31, 2015, the Borrower s excess cash flow offer, as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement was $16.1 million and was presented to the lenders under our Existing Term Loan Facility. The lenders accepted $12.0 million of the prepayment offer and a principal payment in that amount was made on May 9, 2016. 

The principal amount outstanding of loans under the New Revolving Credit Facility becomes due and payable on November 8, 2021. As of September 30, 2016, we had $16.3 million available for borrowing under   

45 

Table of Contents  

our Existing Revolving Credit Facility and no outstanding borrowings thereunder. As of September 30, 2016, we had letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $3.7 million outstanding under the Existing Revolving Credit Facility. 

The New Senior Secured Credit Facilities are collateralized by substantially all of the assets and equity of the Borrower and the subsidiary guarantors and contain financial covenants and certain business covenants, including restrictions on dividend payments. The New Senior Secured Credit Facilities restrict the ability of the Borrower and its subsidiaries to pay distributions or make other restricted payments. The Borrower is generally permitted to pay distributions (1) in an amount not to exceed a specified available amount (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), and calculated as the sum of, among other things, $40.0 million, plus net proceeds received by the Borrower in connection with the issuance of, or contribution of cash in respect of, certain existing equity interests, plus, if the total leverage ratio is not greater than 2.50 to 1, cumulative excess cash flow not otherwise applied, minus distributions, prepayments of debt and investments made in reliance of the available amount) as long as (A) after giving pro forma effect to the contemplated distribution, the Borrower would be in compliance with the maximum total leverage ratio covenant (as described below) and (B) no default or event of default has occurred or would result from the contemplated distribution; and (2) in an amount up to $30.0 million during any calendar year, with unused amounts in any calendar year carried over to the succeeding calendar year, to provide funds that are used by CWGS, LLC to pay regular quarterly distributions to its common unit holders, including us. In addition, the New Credit Agreement requires the Borrower and its subsidiaries to comply on a quarterly basis with a maximum total leverage ratio, which covenant is only for the benefit of the New Revolving Credit Facility, during certain periods in which the aggregate amount of borrowings under the New Revolving Credit Facility (including swingline loans), letters of credit and unreimbursed letter of credit disbursements outstanding at such time (minus the lesser of (a) $5.0 million and (b) letters of credit outstanding) is greater than $10.0 million. The maximum total leverage ratio is 3.00 to 1 stepping down to 2.75 to 1 on March 31, 2020. As of September 30, 2016, the Borrower, CWGS, LLC and the subsidiary guarantors were in compliance with our Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities. To the extent that we are unable to comply with the maximum total leverage ratio in the future, we would be unable to  borrow under the New Revolving Credit Facility and may need to seek alternative sources of financing in order to operate and finance our business as we deem appropriate. There is no guarantee that we would be able to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all. 

Floor Plan Facility 

On August 12, 2015, FreedomRoads, LLC (the   Floor Plan Borrower  ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CWGS, LLC, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and letter of credit issuer, and the other lenders party thereto, entered into a sixth amended and restated credit agreement, which governs our floor plan facility (the   Floor Plan Facility  ), modifying a floor plan facility originally entered into with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent, and other lenders party thereto, as amended from time to time, since 2005 to finance substantially all of our new and certain of our used RV inventory. We are required to make monthly interest payments on the amount financed. We can use this facility to finance (i) up to 100% of our new RV inventory, and (ii) various percentages of our used RV inventory, as determined by reference to the most recently published National Automobile Dealers Association RV Industry Appraisal Guide. On July 1, 2016, we entered into an amendment to the Floor Plan Facility to, among other things, increase the available amount under a floor plan facility from $865.0 million to $1.165 billion, amend the applicable margin, and extend the maturity date. Our Floor Plan Facility allows the Floor Plan Borrower to borrow up to $1.165 billion under a floor plan facility and up to $15.0 million under a letter of credit facility. The Floor Plan Facility matures on June 30, 2019. As of September 30, 2016, $532.5 million in floor plan notes payable and $7.3 million of letters of credit borrowings were outstanding under the Floor Plan Facility. 

46 

Table of Contents  

Floor plan notes payable under our Floor Plan Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either: (a) a floating rate tied to the London Interbank Offered Rate (  LIBOR   and, together with the floating rate, the   Floating LIBOR Rate  ), plus an applicable margin as set forth in the table below, in the case of Floating LIBOR Rate loans or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the greatest of: (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the prime rate published by Bank of America, N.A. (the   BofA Prime Rate  ), in the case of Floating LIBOR Rate borrowings and (iii) the Floating LIBOR Rate plus 1.75%, plus an applicable margin as set forth in the table below, in the case of base rate loans. 

Borrowings under our Floor Plan Facility for letters of credit bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either: (a) the Floating LIBOR Rate, plus 1.50%, in the case of Floating LIBOR Rate loans or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the greatest of: (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the BofA Prime Rate and (iii) the Floating LIBOR Rate plus 1.75%, plus 1.50%, in the case of base rate loans. 

The Floor Plan Borrower and its subsidiary guarantors are required to pay commitment fees equal to: (i) 0.200% per annum times the actual daily amount by which the letter of credit facility exceeds the sum of the letter of credit obligations, and (ii) 0.200% per annum times the actual daily amount by which the Floor Plan Facility exceeds the sum of the outstanding amount of all floor plan loans. Letter of credit fees for each of letter of credit are equal to the higher of: (a) 2.25% times the daily amount available to be drawn under such letter of credit; and (b) $2,000 per annum. 

In addition to other customary covenants, the credit agreement governing our Floor Plan Facility requires the Floor Plan Borrower and the subsidiary guarantors to comply on a monthly basis with a minimum consolidated current ratio of 1.180 to 1.000 and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.250 to 1.000. As of September 30, 2016, the Floor Plan Borrower and the subsidiary guarantors were in compliance with each of these covenants.  

Borrowings under the Floor Plan Facility are guaranteed by FreedomRoads Intermediate Holdco, LLC (the direct parent of the Floor Plan Borrower) and certain subsidiary guarantors (collectively, the   Guarantors  ). These floor plan arrangements grant the administrative agent a first priority security interest in all property of the floor plan Borrower and the Guarantors, the financed RVs and the related sales proceeds. 

Sale/Leaseback Arrangements  

We have in the past and may in the future enter into sale-leaseback transactions to finance certain property acquisitions and capital expenditures, pursuant to which we sell property and/or leasehold improvements to third parties and agree to lease those assets back for a certain period of time. Such sales generate proceeds which vary from period to period. 

Deferred Revenue and Gains  

Deferred revenue and gains consist of our sales for products not yet recognized as revenue at the end of a given period and deferred gains on sale-leaseback and derecognition of right to use asset transactions. Our deferred revenue and deferred gains as of December 31, 2015 were $102.4 million and $13.4 million, respectively. Deferred revenue is expected to be recognized as revenue and deferred gains are expected to be recognized ratably over the lease terms as an offset to rent expense. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, except for operating leases entered into in the normal course of business. 

47 

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and in doing so, we have to make estimates, assumptions and judgments affecting the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Different assumptions and judgments would change estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, which, in turn, could change our results from those reported. We evaluate our critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgments on an ongoing basis. 

There has been no material change in our critical accounting policies from those previously reported and disclosed in our Prospectus. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

We are exposed to market risk from changes in inflation and interest rates. All of these market risks arise in the normal course of business, as we do not engage in speculative trading activities. The following analysis provides quantitative information regarding these risks. 

Impact of Inflation 

We believe that inflation over the last three fiscal years has not had a significant impact on our operations; however, we cannot assure you there will be no such effect in the future. Our leases require us to pay taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance and utilities, all of which are generally subject to inflationary increases. Additionally, the cost of re-modeling acquired retail locations and constructing new retail locations is subject to inflationary increase in the costs of labor and material, which results in higher rent expense on new retail locations. Finally, we finance substantially all of our inventory through various revolving floor plan arrangements with interest rates that vary based on various benchmarks. Such rates have historically increased during periods of increasing inflation. 

Interest Rate Risk 

Our operating results are subject to risk from interest rate fluctuations on our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility, which carries variable interest rates. Interest rate risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in the level of interest rates and the spread between different interest rates. Our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities includes a New Term Loan Facility and a New Revolving Credit Facility with advances tied to a borrowing base and which bear interest at variable rates. Additionally, under our Floor Plan Facilities we have the ability to draw on revolving floor plan arrangements, which bear interest at variable rates. Because our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Floor Plan Facility bear interest at variable rates, we are exposed to market risks relating to changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international economic factors and other factors beyond our control. As of September 30, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under our Existing Revolving Credit Facility, $816.3 million of variable rate debt outstanding under our Existing Term Loan Facility, net of $4.7 million of unamortized original issue discount and $11.8 million of finance costs, and $532.5 million in outstanding borrowings under our Floor Plan Facility. Based on September 30, 2016 debt levels, an increase or decrease of 1% in the effective interest rate would cause an increase or decrease in interest expense under our Existing Term Loan Facility of $4.4 million and $0.0 million (due to our interest rate floor), respectively, over the next 12 months and an increase or decrease of 1% in the effective rate would cause an increase or decrease in interest under our Floor Plan Facility of approximately $5.3 million over the next 12 months. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes, but this does not preclude our adoption of specific hedging strategies in the future. 

48 

Table of Contents  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation of our internal control performed during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II. Other Information   

Item 1:  Legal Proceedings   

We are party to legal proceedings incidental to our business. While the outcome of these matters could differ from management s expectations, we do not believe that the resolution of these matters is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect to our financial statements. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the other information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The occurrence of any of the following risks may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. In these circumstances, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our business is affected by the availability of financing to us and our customers. 

Our business is affected by the availability of financing to us and our customers. Generally, RV dealers, including us, finance their purchases of inventory with financing provided by lending institutions. As of September 30, 2016, we had up to $1.165 billion in maximum borrowing availability under a floor plan financing facility (the  Floor Plan Facility ). Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, we had $532.5 million floor plan notes payable outstanding with $632.5 million of additional borrowing capacity under the Floor Plan Facility. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 88.7% of the invoice cost of new RV inventory and no used RV inventory was financed under the Floor Plan Facility. A decrease in the availability of this type of   

49 

Table of Contents  

wholesale financing or an increase in the cost of such wholesale financing could prevent us from carrying adequate levels of inventory, which may limit product offerings and could lead to reduced sales and revenues. 

Furthermore, many of our customers finance their RV purchases. Although consumer credit markets have improved, consumer credit market conditions continue to influence demand, especially for RVs, and may continue to do so. There continue to be fewer lenders, more stringent underwriting and loan approval criteria, and greater down payment requirements than in the past. If credit conditions or the credit worthiness of our customers worsen, and adversely affect the ability of consumers to finance potential purchases at acceptable terms and interest rates, it could result in a decrease in the sales of our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Fuel shortages, or high prices for fuel, could have a negative effect on our business  . 

Gasoline or diesel fuel is required for the operation of RVs. There can be no assurance that the supply of these petroleum products will continue uninterrupted, that rationing will not be imposed or that the price of or tax on these petroleum products will not significantly increase in the future. Shortages of gasoline and diesel fuel have had a material adverse effect on the RV industry as a whole in the past and any such shortages or substantial increases in the price of fuel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our success depends to a significant extent on the well-being, as well as the continued popularity and reputation for quality, of our manufacturers, particularly Thor Industries, Inc., Forest River, Inc., Winnebago Industries, Inc. and Jayco, Inc. 

Thor Industries, Inc. (including Jayco, Inc. which was acquired by Thor Industries, Inc. on June 30, 2016 and operated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Thor Industries, Inc.), Forest River, Inc., and Winnebago Industries, Inc. supplied approximately 68.2%, 13.2%, and 12.9%, respectively, of our new RV inventory as of September 30, 2016. We depend on our manufacturers to provide us with products that compare favorably with competing products in terms of quality, performance, safety and advanced features. Any adverse change in the production efficiency, product development efforts, technological advancement, marketplace acceptance, reputation, marketing capabilities or financial condition of our manufacturers, particularly Thor Industries, Inc., Forest River, Inc., Winnebago Industries, Inc. and Jayco, Inc., could have a substantial adverse impact on our business. Any difficulties encountered by any of our manufacturers, particularly Thor Industries, Inc., Forest River, Inc., Winnebago Industries, Inc. and Jayco, Inc., resulting from economic, financial, or other factors could adversely affect the quality and amount of products that they are able to supply to us and the services and support they provide to us.  

The interruption or discontinuance of the operations of Thor Industries, Inc., Forest River, Inc., Winnebago Industries, Inc. and Jayco, Inc. or other manufacturers could cause us to experience shortfalls, disruptions, or delays with respect to needed inventory. Although we believe that adequate alternate sources would be available that could replace any manufacturer as a product source, those alternate sources may not be available at the time of any interruption, and alternative products may not be available at comparable quality and prices. 

Our supply arrangements with manufacturers are typically governed by dealer agreements, which are customary in the RV industry. Our dealer agreements with manufacturers are generally made on a location-by-location basis, and each retail location typically enters into multiple dealer agreements with multiple manufacturers. Our dealer agreements also generally provide for a one-year term, which is typically renewed annually. The terms of our dealer agreements are typically subject to: 

us meeting all the requirements and conditions of the manufacturer s applicable programs;     

us maintaining certain minimum inventory requirements and meeting certain retail sales objectives;     

us performing services and repairs for all owners of the manufacturer s RVs (regardless from whom the RV was purchased) that are still under warranty and us carrying the manufacturer s parts and accessories needed to service and repair the manufacturer s RVs in stock at all times;     

us actively advertising and promoting the manufacturer s RVs; and     

50 

Table of Contents  

us indemnifying the manufacturer under certain circumstances.     

Our dealer agreements generally designate a specific geographical territory for us, which is often exclusive to us, provided that we are able to meet the material obligations of the applicable dealer agreement. 

In addition, many of our dealer agreements contain stocking level requirements and certain of our dealer agreements contain contractual provisions concerning minimum advertised product pricing for current model year units. Wholesale pricing is generally established on a model year basis and is subject to change in the manufacturer s sole discretion. In certain cases, the manufacturer may also establish a suggested retail price, below which we cannot advertise that manufacturer s RVs. Any change, non-renewal, unfavorable renegotiation or termination of these arrangements for any reason could adversely affect product availability and cost and our financial performance. 

Our business model is impacted by general economic conditions in our markets, and ongoing economic and financial uncertainties may cause a decline in consumer spending that may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As a business that relies on consumer discretionary spending, we may be adversely affected if our customers reduce, delay or forego their purchases of our services, protection plans, products and resources as a result of: 

job losses;     

bankruptcies;     

higher consumer debt and interest rates;     

reduced access to credit;     

higher energy and fuel costs;     

relative or perceived cost, availability and comfort of RV use versus other modes of travel, such as air travel and rail;     

falling home prices;     

lower consumer confidence;     

uncertainty or changes in tax policies and tax rates; or     

uncertainty due to national or international security concerns.     

We also rely on our retail locations to attract and retain customers and to build our customer database. If we close retail locations or are unable to open or acquire new retail locations due to general economic conditions or otherwise, our ability to maintain and grow our customer database and our Active Customers will be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

Decreases in Active Customers, average spend per customer or retention and renewal rates for our consumer services and plans would negatively affect our financial performance, and a prolonged period of depressed consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on our business. Promotional activities and decreased demand for consumer products could also affect our profitability and margins. In addition, adverse economic conditions may result in an increase in our operating expenses due to, among other things, higher costs of labor, energy, equipment and facilities. Due to recent fluctuations in the U.S. economy, our sales, operating and financial results for a particular period are difficult to predict, making it difficult to forecast results for future periods. Additionally, we are subject to economic fluctuations in local markets that may not reflect the economic conditions of the U.S. economy. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, the success of our recurring Good Sam consumer services and plans depends, in part, on our customers  use of certain RV sites and/or the purchase of services, protection plans, products and   

51 

Table of Contents  

resources through participating merchants. If general economic conditions worsen, our customers may perceive that they have less disposable income for leisure activities or they may not be able to obtain credit for discretionary purchases. As a result, they may travel less frequently, spend less when they travel and purchase and utilize our services, protection plans, products and resources less often, if at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if we face increased competition from other businesses with similar product and service offerings, we may need to respond by establishing pricing, marketing and other programs or by seeking out additional strategic alliances or acquisitions that may be less favorable to us than we could otherwise establish or obtain in more favorable economic environments. In addition, declines in the national economy could cause merchants who participate in our programs to go out of business. It is likely that, should the number of merchants entering bankruptcy rise, the number of uncollectible accounts would also rise. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on our ability to attract and retain customers. 

Our future success depends in large part upon our ability to attract and retain Active Customers for our services, protection plans, products and resources. The extent to which we achieve growth in our customer base and sustain high renewal rates of our recurring consumer services and plans materially influences our profitability. Any number of factors could affect our ability to grow our customer base and sustain high renewal rates of our recurring consumer services and plans. These factors include consumer preferences, the frequency with which customers utilize our services, protection plans, products and resources, general economic conditions, our ability to maintain our retail locations, weather conditions, the availability of alternative services, protection plans, products and resources, significant increases in gasoline prices, the disposable income of consumers available for discretionary expenditures and the external perception of our brands. Any significant decline in our customer base, the growth of our customer base or the usage of our services, protection plans, products or resources by our customers, including the renewal rates of our recurring consumer services and plans, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Competition in the market for services, protection plans, products and resources targeting the RV lifestyle or RV enthusiast could reduce our revenues and profitability. 

The market for services, protection plans, products and resources targeting the RV lifestyle or RV enthusiast is highly fragmented and competitive. Competitive factors that drive the RV market are price, product and service features, technology, performance, reliability, quality, availability, variety, delivery and customer service. We compete directly or indirectly with the following types of companies: 

major national insurance and warranty companies, providers of roadside assistance and providers of extended service contracts;     

other dealers of new and used RVs;     

other specialty retailers that compete with us across a significant portion of our merchandising categories through retail catalog or e-commerce businesses; and     

online retailers.     

Additional competitors may enter the businesses in which we currently operate. Moreover, some of our mass merchandising competitors do not currently compete in many of the product categories we offer, but may choose to offer a broader array of competing products in the future. In addition, an increase in the number of aggregator and price comparison sites for insurance products may negatively impact our sales of these products. If any of our competitors successfully provides a broader, more efficient or attractive combination of services, protection plans, products and resources to our target customers, our business results could be materially adversely affected. Our inability to compete effectively with existing or potential competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

52 

Table of Contents  

Our expansion into new, unfamiliar markets, products lines or categories presents increased risks that may prevent us from being profitable in these new markets, products lines or categories. Delays in opening or acquiring new retail locations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We intend to expand by building or acquiring new retail locations in new markets and may elect to acquire new product lines or categories. As a result, we may have less familiarity with local consumer preferences and less product or category knowledge with respect to new product lines or categories, and could encounter difficulties in attracting customers due to a reduced level of consumer familiarity with our brands or reduced product or category knowledge. Other factors that may impact our ability to open or acquire new retail locations in new markets and to operate them profitably or acquire new product lines or categories, many of which are beyond our control, include: 

our ability to identify suitable acquisition opportunities or new locations, including our ability to gather and assess demographic and marketing data to determine consumer demand for our products in the locations we select;     

our ability to negotiate favorable lease agreements;     

our ability to secure product lines;     

the availability of construction materials and labor for new retail locations and significant construction delays or cost overruns;     

our ability to accurately assess the profitability of potential acquisitions or new locations;     

our ability to secure required governmental permits and approvals;     

our ability to hire and train skilled store operating personnel, especially management personnel;     

our ability to provide a satisfactory mix of merchandise that is responsive to the needs of our customers living in the geographic areas where new retail locations are built or acquired;     

our ability to supply new retail locations with inventory in a timely manner;     

our competitors building or leasing retail locations near our retail locations or in locations we have identified as targets;     

regional economic and other factors in the geographic areas in which we expand; and     

general economic and business conditions affecting consumer confidence and spending and the overall strength of our business.     

Once we decide on a new market and identify a suitable location or acquisition opportunity, any delays in opening or acquiring new retail locations could impact our financial results. It is possible that events, such as delays in the entitlements process or construction delays caused by permitting or licensing issues, material shortages, labor issues, weather delays or other acts of god, discovery of contaminants, accidents, deaths or injuries, could delay planned openings beyond their expected dates or force us to abandon planned openings altogether. 

As we grow, we will face the risk that our existing resources and systems, including management resources, accounting and finance personnel and operating systems, may be inadequate to support our growth. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain the personnel or make the changes in our systems that may be required to support our growth. Failure to secure these resources and implement these systems on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, hiring additional personnel and implementing changes and enhancements to our systems will require capital expenditures and other increased costs that could also have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Our expansion into new markets, products or categories may also create new distribution and merchandising challenges, including additional strain on our distribution centers, an increase in information to be processed by our management information systems and diversion of management attention from existing   

53 

Table of Contents  

operations. To the extent that we are not able to meet these additional challenges, our sales could decrease and our operating expenses could increase, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Finally, the size, timing, and integration of any future new retail location openings or acquisitions or the acquisition of new product lines or categories may cause substantial fluctuations in our results of operations from quarter to quarter. Consequently, our results of operations for any quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for any subsequent quarter or for a full fiscal year. These fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

As a result of the above factors, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in operating our retail locations in new markets or acquiring new product lines or categories on a profitable basis, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Unforeseen expenses, difficulties, and delays frequently encountered in connection with expansion through acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our profitability. 

Since January 1, 2011, we have acquired 36 retail locations and we have sold two retail locations. Each acquired retail location operated independently prior to its acquisition by us. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to make successful acquisitions and to integrate the operations of acquired retail locations, including centralizing certain functions to achieve cost savings and pursuing programs and processes that promote cooperation and the sharing of opportunities and resources among our retail locations and consumer services and plans. Unforeseen expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered in connection with rapid expansion through acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our profitability. 

We also may be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to complete the acquisitions of candidates that we identify. Increased competition for acquisition candidates or increased asking prices by acquisition candidates may increase purchase prices for acquisitions to levels beyond our financial capability or to levels that would not result in the returns required by our acquisition criteria. Acquisitions also may become more difficult or less attractive in the future as we continue to acquire the most attractive dealers and stores. In addition, we may encounter difficulties in integrating the operations of acquired dealers and stores with our own operations or managing acquired dealers and stores profitably without substantial costs, delays, or other operational or financial problems. 

Our ability to continue to grow through the acquisition of additional retail locations will depend upon various factors, including the following: 

the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive purchase prices;     

the ability to compete effectively for available acquisition opportunities;     

the availability of cash on hand, borrowed funds or Class A common stock with a sufficient market price to finance the acquisitions;     

the ability to obtain any requisite third party or governmental approvals; and     

the absence of one or more third parties attempting to impose unsatisfactory restrictions on us in connection with their approval of acquisitions.     

As a part of our acquisition strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with various dealerships regarding their potential acquisition by us. In connection with these discussions, we and each potential acquisition candidate exchange confidential operational and financial information, conduct due diligence inquiries, and consider the structure, terms, and conditions of the potential acquisition. Potential acquisition discussions frequently take place over a long period of time and involve difficult business integration and other issues, including in some cases, management succession and related matters. As a result of these and other factors, a number of potential acquisitions that from time to time appear likely to occur do not result in binding legal agreements and are not consummated. In addition, we may have disagreements with potential   

54 

Table of Contents  

acquisition targets, which could lead to litigation. Any of these factors or outcomes could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure to maintain the strength and value of our brands could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our success depends on the value and strength of the Camping World and Good Sam brands. The Camping World and Good Sam names are integral to our business as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, enhancing, promoting and positioning our brands, particularly in new markets where we have limited brand recognition, will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide high quality services, protection plans, products and resources and a consistent, high quality customer experience. Our brands could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives, if we fail to comply with local laws and regulations, if we are subject to publicized litigation or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity. Some of these risks may be beyond our ability to control, such as the effects of negative publicity regarding our manufacturers, suppliers or third party providers of services or negative publicity related to members of management. Any of these events could result in decreases in revenues. Further, maintaining, enhancing, promoting and positioning our brands image may require us to make substantial investments in areas such as merchandising, marketing, store operations, community relations, store graphics and employee training, which could adversely affect our cash flow and which may ultimately be unsuccessful. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our failure to successfully order and manage our inventory to reflect consumer demand in a volatile market and anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our success depends upon our ability to successfully manage our inventory and to anticipate and respond to merchandise trends and consumer demands in a timely manner. Our products appeal to consumers who are, or could become, RV owners across North America. The preferences of these consumers cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to change. Further, the retail consumer industry, by its nature, is volatile and sensitive to numerous economic factors, including consumer preferences, competition, market conditions, general economic conditions and other factors outside of our control. We cannot predict consumer preferences with certainty, and consumer preferences often change over time. We typically order merchandise well in advance of the following selling season. The extended lead times for many of our purchases may make it difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing product trends, increases or decreases in consumer demand or changes in prices. If we misjudge either the market for our merchandise or our consumers  purchasing habits in the future, our revenues may decline significantly and we may not have sufficient quantities of merchandise to satisfy consumer demand or sales orders or we may be required to discount excess inventory, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our same store sales may fluctuate and may not be a meaningful indicator of future performance. 

Our same store sales may vary from quarter to quarter. A number of factors have historically affected, and will continue to affect, our same store sales results, including: 

changes or anticipated changes to regulations related to some of the products we sell;     

consumer preferences, buying trends and overall economic trends;     

our ability to identify and respond effectively to local and regional trends and customer preferences;     

our ability to provide quality customer service that will increase our conversion of shoppers into paying customers;     

competition in the regional market of a store;     

atypical weather patterns;     

changes in our product mix;     

55 

Table of Contents  

changes to local or regional regulations affecting our stores;     

changes in sales of consumer services and plans and retention and renewal rates for our annually renewing consumer services and plans; and     

changes in pricing and average unit sales.     

An unanticipated decline in revenues or same store sales may cause the price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate significantly. 

The cyclical nature of our business has caused our sales and results of operations to fluctuate. These fluctuations may continue in the future, which could result in operating losses during downturns. 

The RV industry is cyclical and is influenced by many national and regional economic and demographic factors, including: 

terms and availability of financing for retailers and consumers;     

overall consumer confidence and the level of discretionary consumer spending;     

population and employment trends;     

income levels; and     

general economic conditions, including inflation, deflation and recessions.     

As a result of the foregoing factors, our sales and results of operations have fluctuated, and we expect that they will continue to fluctuate in the future. 

Our business is seasonal and this leads to fluctuations in sales and revenues. 

We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in revenue, net income and cash flows as a result of annual seasonality in our business. Because RVs are used primarily by vacationers and campers, demand for services, protection plans, products and resources generally declines during the winter season, while sales and profits are generally highest during the spring and summer months. In addition, unusually severe weather conditions in some geographic areas may impact demand. 

On average, over the three years ended December 31, 2015, we have generated 29.5% and 28.8% of our annual revenue in the second and third fiscal quarters, respectively, which include the spring and summer months. We incur additional expenses in the second and third fiscal quarters due to higher purchase volumes, increased staffing in our retail locations and program costs. If, for any reason, we miscalculate the demand for our products or our product mix during the second and third fiscal quarters, our sales in these quarters could decline, resulting in higher labor costs as a percentage of sales, lower margins and excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Due to our seasonality, the possible adverse impact from other risks associated with our business, including atypical weather, consumer spending levels and general business conditions, is potentially greater if any such risks occur during our peak sales seasons. 

Our ability to operate and expand our business and to respond to changing business and economic conditions will depend on the availability of adequate capital. 

The operation of our business, the rate of our expansion and our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions depend on the availability of adequate capital, which in turn depends on cash flow generated by our business and, if necessary, the availability of equity or debt capital. We also require sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations under our existing debt agreements. As of September 30, 2016, we had a credit agreement that included a $816.3 million Existing Term Loan Facility and $20.0 million of commitments for revolving loans and letters of credit under the Existing Revolving Credit Facility. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, CWGS Group, LLC, the Borrower under the Existing Senior Secured   

56 

Table of Contents  

Credit Facilities, entered into a new credit agreement that included a $645.0 million term loan and $35.0 million of commitments for revolving loans. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, we also had up to $1.165 billion in maximum borrowing availability under our Floor Plan Facility. As of September 30, 2016, we had $816.3 million of term loans outstanding under the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities, net of $4.7 million of unamortized original issue discount and $11.8 million of finance costs, $0.0 million of revolving borrowings outstanding under the Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities and $532.5 million in floor plan notes payable outstanding under the Floor Plan Facility, with $16.3 million of additional borrowing capacity under our Existing Revolving Credit Facility and $632.5 million of additional borrowing capacity under our Floor Plan Facility.  

Our Existing Term Loan Facility required us to make quarterly principal payments of the outstanding principal amount thereof, which totaled $31.6 million and $26.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $36.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. Additionally, we paid total cash interest on our Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities of $34.8 million and $27.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $36.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, and we paid total floor plan interest expense on our Floor Plan Facility of $14.9 million and $9.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $12.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. In addition to interest paid on our Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility, we paid cash interest of $1.1 million and $7.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. The Existing Term Loan Facility also provided for an excess cash flow payment following the end of each fiscal year, such that the Borrower was required to prepay the term loan borrowings in an aggregate amount equal to 50% of excess cash flow for such fiscal year if the total leverage ratio is greater than 2.50 to 1.00. The required percentage of excess cash flow prepayment is reduced to 25% if the total leverage ratio is 2.00 to 1.00 or greater, but less than 2.50 to 1.00, and 0% if the total leverage ratio is less than 2.00 to 1.00. As of December 31, 2015, the Borrower s excess cash flow offer, as defined, was $16.1 million and was presented to the lenders under our Existing Term Loan Facility. The lenders accepted $12.0 million of the prepayment offer and a principal payment in that amount was made on May 9, 2016. See  Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    Description of Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Floor Plan Facility  and Note 4 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The New Term Loan Facility also provides for an excess cash flow payment following the end of each fiscal year, such that the Borrower will be required to prepay the term loan borrowings in an aggregate amount equal to 50% of excess cash flow for such fiscal year if the total leverage ratio is greater than 2.00 to 1.00. The required percentage of excess cash flow prepayment is reduced to 25% if the total leverage ratio is 1.50 to 1.00 or greater, but less than 2.00 to 1.00, and 0% if the total leverage ratio is less than 1.50 to 1.00. 

We are dependent to a significant extent on our ability to finance our new and certain of our used RV inventory under our Floor Plan Facility. Floor plan financing arrangements allow us to borrow money to buy a particular new RV from the manufacturer or a used RV on trade-in or at auction and pay off the loan when we sell that particular RV. We may need to increase the capacity of our existing Floor Plan Facility in connection with our acquisition of dealerships and overall growth. In the event that we are unable to obtain such incremental financing, our ability to complete acquisitions could be limited. 

We cannot assure you that our cash flow from operations or cash available under our New Revolving Credit Facility or our Floor Plan Facility will be sufficient to meet our needs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future, and if availability under our New Revolving Credit Facility or our Floor Plan Facility is not sufficient, we may have to obtain additional financing. If we obtain additional capital by issuing equity, the interests of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we incur additional indebtedness, that indebtedness may contain significant financial and other covenants that may significantly restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that we could obtain refinancing or additional financing on favorable terms or at all. 

57 

Table of Contents  

Our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility contain restrictive covenants that may impair our ability to access sufficient capital and operate our business. 

Our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility contain various provisions that limit our ability to, among other things: 

incur additional indebtedness;     

incur certain liens;     

consolidate or merge;     

alter the business conducted by us and our subsidiaries;     

make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions;     

sell assets, including capital stock of our subsidiaries;     

enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions;     

pay dividends on capital stock or redeem, repurchase or retire capital stock or certain other indebtedness;     

engage in transactions with affiliates; and     

enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries  ability to pay dividends.     

In addition, the restrictive covenants in our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility require us to maintain specified financial ratios. See  Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Description of Senior Secured Credit Facilities and Floor Plan Facility  and Note 4 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our ability to comply with those financial ratios may be affected by events beyond our control, and our failure to comply with these ratios could result in an event of default. 

These covenants may affect our ability to operate and finance our business as we deem appropriate. Our inability to meet obligations as they become due or to comply with various financial covenants contained in the instruments governing our current or future indebtedness could constitute an event of default under the instruments governing our indebtedness. 

If there were an event of default under the instruments governing our indebtedness, the holders of the affected indebtedness could declare all of the affected indebtedness immediately due and payable, which, in turn, could cause the acceleration of the maturity of all of our other indebtedness. We may not have sufficient funds available, or we may not have access to sufficient capital from other sources, to repay any accelerated debt. Even if we could obtain additional financing, the terms of the financing may not be favorable to us. In addition, substantially all of our assets are subject to liens securing our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility. If amounts outstanding under our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility were accelerated, our lenders could foreclose on these liens and we could lose substantially all of our assets. Any event of default under the instruments governing our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We primarily rely on two fulfillment and distribution centers for our retail, e-commerce and catalog businesses, and, if there is a natural disaster or other serious disruption at either facility, we may be unable to deliver merchandise effectively to our stores or customers. 

Although we expect to open a third distribution and fulfillment center in Fort Worth, Texas in the fourth quarter of 2016, we currently rely on two distribution and fulfillment centers located in Franklin, Kentucky and Bakersfield, California for our retail, e-commerce and catalog businesses. We handle almost all of our e-commerce and catalog orders through these two facilities. Any natural disaster or other serious disruption at either facility due to fire, tornado, earthquake, flood or any other cause could damage our on-site inventory or impair our ability to use such distribution and fulfillment center. While we maintain business interruption   

58 

Table of Contents  

insurance, as well as general property insurance, the amount of insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover our losses in such an event. Additionally, we may be delayed in opening our new distribution and fulfillment center, which could put further strain on our existing distribution and fulfillment centers as we expand our operations. Any of these occurrences could impair our ability to adequately stock our stores or fulfill customer orders and harm our results of operations. 

Natural disasters, whether or not caused by climate change, unusual weather condition, epidemic outbreaks, terrorist acts and political events could disrupt business and result in lower sales and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance. 

The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, fires, floods, hail storms and earthquakes, unusual weather conditions, epidemic outbreaks such as Ebola, Zika virus or measles, terrorist attacks or disruptive political events in certain regions where our stores are located could adversely affect our business and result in lower sales. Severe weather, such as heavy snowfall or extreme temperatures, may discourage or restrict customers in a particular region from traveling to our stores or utilizing our products, thereby reducing our sales and profitability. Natural disasters including tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, hail storms and earthquakes may damage our stores or other operations, which may materially adversely affect our consolidated financial results. In addition to business interruption, our retailing business is subject to substantial risk of property loss due to the concentration of property at our retail locations. To the extent these events also impact one or more of our key suppliers or result in the closure of one or both of our distribution centers or our corporate headquarters, we may be unable to maintain inventory balances, maintain delivery schedules or provide other support functions to our stores. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on our relationships with third party providers of services, protection plans, products and resources and a disruption of these relationships or of these providers  operations could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our business depends in part on developing and maintaining productive relationships with third party providers of services, protection plans, products and resources that we market to our customers. During the year ended December 31, 2015 we sourced our products from approximately 1,300 domestic and international vendors. Additionally, we rely on certain third party providers to support our services, protection plans, products and resources, including insurance carriers for our property and casualty insurance and extended service contracts, banks and captive financing companies for vehicle financing and refinancing, Comenity Capital Bank as the issuer of our co-branded credit card and a tow provider network for our roadside assistance programs. We cannot accurately predict when, or the extent to which, we will experience any disruption in the supply of products from our vendors or services from our third party providers. Any such disruption could negatively impact our ability to market and sell our services, protection plans, products and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, Comenity Capital Bank could decline to renew our services agreement or become insolvent and unable to perform our contract, and we may be unable to timely find a replacement bank to provide these services. 

We depend on merchandise purchased from our vendors to obtain products for our retail locations. We have no contractual arrangements providing for continued supply from our key vendors, and our vendors may discontinue selling to us at any time. Changes in commercial practices of our key vendors or manufacturers, such as changes in vendor support and incentives or changes in credit or payment terms, could also negatively impact our results. If we lose one or more key vendors or are unable to promptly replace a vendor that is unwilling or unable to satisfy our requirements with a vendor providing equally appealing products at comparable prices, we may not be able to offer products that are important to our merchandise assortment. 

We also are subject to risks, such as the price and availability of raw materials and fabrics, labor disputes, union organizing activity, strikes, inclement weather, natural disasters, war and terrorism and adverse general economic and political conditions that might limit our vendors  ability to provide us with quality merchandise on a timely and cost-efficient basis. We may not be able to develop relationships with new vendors, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality and more expensive   

59 

Table of Contents  

than those we currently purchase. Any delay or failure in offering quality products and services to our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We offer emergency roadside assistance to our customers at a fixed price per year and we pay our tow provider network based on usage. If the amount of emergency roadside claims substantially exceeds our estimates or if our tow provider is unable to adequately respond to calls, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

With respect to the insurance programs that we offer, we are dependent on the insurance carriers that underwrite the insurance to obtain appropriate regulatory approvals and maintain compliance with insurance regulations. If such carriers do not obtain appropriate state regulatory approvals or comply with such changing regulations, we may be required to use an alternative carrier or change our insurance products or cease marketing certain insurance related products in certain states, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are required to use an alternative insurance carrier or change our insurance related products, it may materially increase the time required to bring an insurance related product to market. Any disruption in our service offerings could harm our reputation and result in customer dissatisfaction. 

Additionally, we provide financing to qualified customers through a number of third party financing providers. If one or more of these third party providers ceases to provide financing to our customers, provides financing to fewer customers or no longer provides financing on competitive terms, or if we were unable to replace the current third party providers upon the occurrence of one or more of the foregoing events, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We also offer a co-branded credit card issued by Comenity Capital Bank, a third party bank that manages and directly extends credit to our customers. The cardholders can earn promotional points on a variety of qualifying purchases, such as purchases at Camping World, on Good Sam purchases and at private campgrounds across the United States and Canada. We earn incentive payments from our card network partner based on the use of the credit card. A decrease in the popularity and use of our co-branded credit card could reduce our ability to earn incentive payment income as part of the program and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A portion of our net income is from financing, insurance and extended service contracts, which depend on third party lenders and insurance companies. We cannot assure you third party lending institutions will continue to provide financing for RV purchases. 

A portion of our net income comes from the fees we receive from lending institutions and insurance companies for arranging financing and insurance coverage for our customers. The lending institution pays us a fee for each loan that we arrange. If these lenders were to lend to our customers directly rather than through us, we would not receive a fee. In addition, if customers prepay financing we arranged within a specified period (generally within six months of making the loan), we are required to rebate (or  chargeback ) all or a portion of the commissions paid to us by the lending institution. Our revenues from financing fees and vehicle service contract fees are recorded net of a reserve for estimated future chargebacks based on historical operating results. Lending institutions may change the criteria or terms they use to make loan decisions, which could reduce the number of customers for whom we can arrange financing, or may elect to not continue to provide these products with respect to RVs. Our customers may also use the internet or other electronic methods to find financing alternatives. If any of these events occur, we could lose a significant portion of our income and profit. 

Furthermore, new and used vehicles may be sold and financed through retail installment sales contracts entered into between us and third-party purchasers. Prior to entering into a retail installment sales contract with a third-party purchaser, we typically have a commitment from a third-party lender for the assignment of such retail installment sales contract, subject to final review, approval and verification of the retail installment sales contract, related documentation and the information contained therein. Retail installment sales contracts are typically assigned by us to third-party lenders simultaneously with the execution of the retail installment sales contracts. Contracts in transit represent amounts due from third-party lenders from whom pre-arranged assignment agreements have been determined, and to whom the retail   

60 

Table of Contents  

installment sales contract have been assigned. We recognize revenue when the applicable new or used vehicle is delivered and we have assigned the retail installment sales contract to a third-party lender and collectability is reasonably assured. Funding from the third-party lender is provided upon receipt, final review, approval and verification of the retail installment sales contract, related documentation and the information contained therein. Retail installment sales contracts are typically funded within ten days of the initial approval of the retail installment sales contract by the third-party lender. Contracts in transit are included in current assets in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and totaled $50.3 million and $21.9 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Any defaults on these retail installment sales contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are unable to retain senior executives and attract and retain other qualified employees, our business might be adversely affected. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain qualified managerial, sales and marketing personnel. Competition for these types of personnel is high. We may be unsuccessful in attracting and retaining the personnel we require to conduct our operations successfully and, in such an event, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Our success also depends to a significant extent on the continued service and performance of our senior management team, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marcus Lemonis. The loss of any member of our senior management team could impair our ability to execute our business plan and could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, certain members of our management team, including Mr. Lemonis, currently pursue and may continue to pursue other business ventures, which could divert their attention from executing on our business plan and objectives. We do not currently maintain key-man life insurance policies on any member of our senior management team or other key employees. We have entered into employment agreements with Marcus A. Lemonis, our Chief Executive Officer, Thomas F. Wolfe, our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, Brent L. Moody, our Chief Operating and Legal Officer, Roger L. Nuttall, our President of Camping World, and Mark J. Boggess, our President of Good Sam Enterprises. 

Our business depends on our ability to meet our labor needs. 

Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including market managers, general managers, sales managers, department managers and sales associates. Qualified individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill these positions may be in short supply in some areas, and the turnover rate in the retail industry is high. If we are unable to hire and retain sales associates capable of consistently providing a high level of customer service, as demonstrated by their enthusiasm for our culture and knowledge of our merchandise, our business could be materially adversely affected. Although none of our employees are currently covered by collective bargaining agreements, our employees may elect to be represented by labor unions in the future, which could increase our labor costs. Additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of employees. An inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future may delay the planned openings of new stores. Any such delays, any material increases in employee turnover rates at existing stores or any increases in labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We primarily lease our retail locations. If we are unable to maintain those leases or locate alternative sites for our stores in our target markets and on terms that are acceptable to us, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. 

We lease substantially all of the real properties where we have operations, including, as of September 30, 2016, all 120 of our Camping World retail locations in 36 states and our two distribution centers. Our leases generally provide for fixed monthly rentals with escalation clauses and range from one to five years. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our existing retail locations as leases expire, extend the leases or be able to locate alternative sites in our target markets and on favorable terms. Any failure to maintain our existing retail locations, extend the leases or locate alternative sites on favorable   

61 

Table of Contents  

or acceptable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business is subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations. 

Our operations are subject to varying degrees of federal, state and local regulation, including our RV sales, RV financing, outbound telemarketing, direct mail, roadside assistance programs and insurance activities. New regulatory efforts may be proposed from time to time that have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our businesses or our results of operations. For example, in the past a principal source of leads for our direct response marketing efforts was new vehicle registrations provided by motor vehicle departments in various states. Currently, all states restrict access to motor vehicle registration information. 

We are also subject to federal and numerous state consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations relating to the sale, transportation and marketing of motor vehicles, including so-called  lemon laws.  Federal, state and local laws and regulations also impose upon vehicle operators various restrictions on the weight, length and width of motor vehicles that may be operated in certain jurisdictions or on certain roadways. Certain jurisdictions also prohibit the sale of vehicles exceeding length restrictions. Federal and state authorities also have various environmental control standards relating to air, water, noise pollution and hazardous waste generation and disposal which affect our business and operations. 

Further, certain federal and state laws and regulations affect our activities. Areas of our business affected by such laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, labor, advertising, consumer protection, real estate, promotions, quality of services, intellectual property, tax, import and export, anti-corruption, anti-competition, environmental, health and safety. Compliance with these laws and others may be onerous and costly, at times, and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction which further complicates compliance efforts. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ), which was signed into law on July 21, 2010, established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB ), an independent federal agency funded by the United States Federal Reserve with broad regulatory powers and limited oversight from the United States Congress. Although automotive dealers are generally excluded, the Dodd-Frank Act could lead to additional, indirect regulation of automotive dealers, in particular, their sale and marketing of finance and insurance products, through its regulation of automotive finance companies and other financial institutions. In March 2013, the CFPB issued supervisory guidance highlighting its concern that the practice of automotive dealers being compensated for arranging customer financing through discretionary markup of wholesale rates offered by financial institutions ( dealer markup ) results in a significant risk of pricing disparity in violation of The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (the  ECOA ). The CFPB recommended that financial institutions under its jurisdiction take steps to address compliance with the ECOA, which may include imposing controls on dealer markup, monitoring and addressing the effects of dealer markup policies, and eliminating dealer discretion to markup buy rates and fairly compensating dealers using a different mechanism that does not result in disparate impact to certain groups of consumers. 

In addition, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the  Affordable Care Act ), which was signed into law on March 23, 2010, may increase our annual employee health care costs that we fund and has increased our cost of compliance and compliance risk related to offering health care benefits. 

Furthermore, our property and casualty insurance programs that we offer through third party insurance carriers are subject to various state laws and regulations governing the business of insurance, including, without limitation, laws and regulations governing the administration, underwriting, marketing, solicitation or sale of insurance programs. Our third party insurance carriers are required to apply for, renew, and maintain licenses issued by state, federal or foreign regulatory authorities. Such regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke such licenses. Accordingly, any failure by such parties to comply with the then current licensing requirements, which may include any determination of financial instability by such regulatory authorities, could result in such regulators denying their initial or renewal applications for such licenses, modifying the terms of licenses or revoking licenses that they currently possess, which could severely inhibit our ability to market these products. Additionally, certain state laws and regulations govern the form and content of certain disclosures that must be made in connection with the sale,   

62 

Table of Contents  

advertising or offer of any insurance program to a consumer. We review all marketing materials we disseminate to the public for compliance with applicable insurance regulations. We are required to maintain certain licenses and approvals in order to market insurance programs. 

We have instituted various and comprehensive policies and procedures to address compliance. However, there can be no assurance that employees, contractors, vendors or our agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. 

Regulations applicable to the sale of extended service contracts could materially impact our business and results of operations. 

We offer extended service contracts that may be purchased as a supplement to the original purchaser s warranty. These products are subject to complex federal and state laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which these products are offered will not seek to regulate or restrict these products. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in fines or other penalties including orders by state regulators to discontinue sales of the warranty products in one or more jurisdictions. Such a result could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We currently transfer the majority of the administration and liability obligations associated with these extended service contracts to a third party upon purchase by the customer. State laws and regulations, however, may limit or condition our ability to transfer these administration and liability obligations to third parties, which could in turn impact the way revenue is recognized from these products. Failure to comply with these laws could result in fines or other penalties, including orders by state regulators to discontinue sales of these product offerings as currently structured. Such a result could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If state dealer laws are repealed or weakened, our dealerships will be more susceptible to termination, non-renewal or renegotiation of dealer agreements. 

State dealer laws generally provide that a manufacturer may not terminate or refuse to renew a dealer agreement unless it has first provided the dealer with written notice setting forth good cause and stating the grounds for termination or non-renewal. Some state dealer laws allow dealers to file protests or petitions or attempt to comply with the manufacturer s criteria within the notice period to avoid the termination or non-renewal. Though unsuccessful to date, manufacturers  lobbying efforts may lead to the repeal or revision of state dealer laws. If dealer laws are repealed in the states in which we operate, manufacturers may be able to terminate our dealer agreements without providing advance notice, an opportunity to cure or a showing of good cause. Without the protection of state dealer laws, it may also be more difficult for our dealerships to renew their dealer agreements upon expiration. 

The ability of a manufacturer to grant additional dealer agreements is based on several factors which are not within our control. If manufacturers grant new dealer agreements in areas near or within our existing markets, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our failure to comply with certain environmental regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operations involve the use, handling, storage and contracting for recycling and/or disposal of materials such as motor oil and filters, transmission fluids, antifreeze, refrigerants, paints, thinners, batteries, cleaning products, lubricants, degreasing agents, tires and propane. Consequently, our business is subject to a complex variety of federal, state and local requirements that regulate the environment and public health and safety and we may incur significant costs to comply with such requirements. Our failure to comply with these regulations could cause us to become subject to fines and penalties or otherwise have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, we have indemnified certain of our landlords for any hazardous waste which may be found on or about property we lease. If any such hazardous waste were to be found on property that we   

63 

Table of Contents  

occupy, a significant claim giving rise to our indemnity obligation could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Climate change legislation or regulations restricting emission of  greenhouse gases  could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the RVs we sell. 

The United States Environmental Protection Agency has adopted rules under existing provisions of the federal Clean Air Act that require a reduction in emissions of greenhouse gases from motor vehicles. The adoption of any laws or regulations requiring significant increases in fuel economy requirements or new federal or state restrictions on vehicles and automotive fuels in the United States could adversely affect demand for those vehicles and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A failure in our e-commerce operations, security breaches and cybersecurity risks could disrupt our business and lead to reduced sales and growth prospects and reputational damage. 

Our e-commerce business is an important element of our brands and relationship with our customers, and we expect it to continue to grow. In addition to changing consumer preferences and shifting traffic patterns and buying trends in e-commerce, we are vulnerable to additional risks and uncertainties associated with e-commerce sales, including rapid changes in technology, website downtime and other technical failures, security breaches, cyber-attacks, consumer privacy concerns, changes in state tax regimes and government regulation of internet activities. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce our e-commerce sales, increase our costs, diminish our growth prospects and damage our brands, which could negatively impact our results of operations and stock price. 

In addition, there is no guarantee that we will be able to expand our e-commerce business. Our competitors may have e-commerce businesses that are substantially larger and more developed than ours, which places us at a competitive disadvantage. Although we continually update our websites, we may not be successful in implementing improved website features and there is no guarantee that such improvements will expand our e-commerce business. If we are unable to expand our e-commerce business, our growth plans will suffer and the price of our common stock could decline. 

We may be unable to enforce our intellectual property rights and we may be accused of infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We own a variety of registered trademarks and service marks for the names of our clubs, magazines and other publications. We also own the copyrights to certain articles in our publications. We believe that our trademark and copyrights have significant value and are important to our marketing efforts. If we are unable to continue to protect the trademarks and service marks for our proprietary brands, if such marks become generic or if third parties adopt marks similar to our marks, our ability to differentiate our products and services may be diminished. In the event that our trademarks or service marks are successfully challenged by third parties, we could lose brand recognition and be forced to devote additional resources to advertising and marketing new brands for our products. 

From time to time, we may be compelled to protect our intellectual property, which may involve litigation. Such litigation may be time-consuming, expensive and distract our management from running the day-to-day operations of our business, and could result in the impairment or loss of the involved intellectual property. There is no guarantee that the steps we take to protect our intellectual property, including litigation when necessary, will be successful. The loss or reduction of any of our significant intellectual property rights could diminish our ability to distinguish our products from competitors  products and retain our market share for our proprietary products. Our inability to effectively protect our proprietary intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Other parties also may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions   

64 

Table of Contents  

against us or the payment of damages. These claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are unable to maintain or upgrade our information technology systems or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient. 

We depend on a variety of information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business. We rely on certain hardware, telecommunications and software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business. Various components of our information technology systems, including hardware, networks, and software, are licensed to us by third party vendors. We rely extensively on our information technology systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Additionally, because we accept debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (the  PCI Standard ), issued by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. The PCI Standard contains compliance guidelines with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of cardholder data. We are currently in compliance with the PCI Standard, however, complying with the PCI Standard and implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures requires significant resources and ongoing attention. Costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology such as those necessary to maintain compliance with the PCI Standard or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. Any material interruptions or failures in our payment-related systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any disruptions to our information technology systems or breaches of our network security could interrupt our operations, compromise our reputation, expose us to litigation, government enforcement actions and costly response measures and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely on the integrity, security and successful functioning of our information technology systems and network infrastructure across our operations. We use information technology systems to support our consumer services and plans, manage procurement and our supply chain, track inventory information at our retail locations, communicate customer information and aggregate daily sales, margin and promotional information. We also use information systems to report and audit our operational results. 

In connection with sales, we transmit encrypted confidential credit and debit card information. Although we are currently in compliance with the PCI Standard, there can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to continue to operate our facilities and our customer service and sales operations in accordance with PCI or other industry recommended or contractually required practices. Even if we continue to be compliant with such standards, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches. 

We also have access to, collect or maintain private or confidential information regarding our customers, associates and suppliers, as well as our business. For example, we maintain a customer database that had over 12 million unique contacts, as of September 30, 2016. This customer database includes information about our approximately 1.8 million club members and our 3.3 million Active Customers, as of September 30, 2016. The protection of our customer, club member, associate, supplier and company data is critical to us. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements across our business. In addition, customers have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information from cyber-attack or other security breaches. We have procedures in place to safeguard such data and information. However, a significant breach of club member, customer, employee, supplier, or company data could attract a substantial amount of negative media attention, damage our club member, customer and supplier relationships and our reputation, and result in lost sales, fines and/or lawsuits. 

An increasingly significant portion of our sales depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems, including but not limited to our point-of-sale system and our credit   

65 

Table of Contents  

card processing systems. Our information technology, communication systems and electronic data may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, acts of war or terrorist attacks, floods, fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, power loss and outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, loss of data, unauthorized data breaches, usage errors by our associates or our contractors or other attempts to harm our systems, including cyber-security attacks, hacking by third parties, computer viruses or other breaches of cardholder data. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster, intentional sabotage or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Any errors or vulnerabilities in our systems, or damage to or failure of our systems, could result in interruptions in our services and non-compliance with certain regulations or expose us to risk of litigation and liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we have centralized the majority of our computer systems in our facilities in Englewood, Colorado and Bowling Green, Kentucky. It is possible that an event or disaster at our facilities in Englewood, Colorado and Bowling Green, Kentucky could materially and adversely affect the performance of our company and the ability of each of our stores to operate efficiently. 

Increases in the minimum wage could adversely affect our financial results. 

From time to time, legislative proposals are made to increase the federal minimum wage in the United States, as well as the minimum wage in a number of individual states. As federal or state minimum wage rates increase, we may be required to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to our other hourly employees as well. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our operating costs, financial condition and results of operations. 

Increases in paper costs, postage costs and shipping costs may have an adverse impact on our future financial results. 

The price of paper is a significant expense relating to our publications and direct mail solicitations. Postage for publication distribution and direct mail solicitations is also a significant expense. In addition, shipping costs are a significant expense for our business. Paper, postage and shipping costs have increased in the past and may be expected to increase in the future. Such increases could have an adverse effect on our business if we are unable to pass them on to our customers. 

We may be subject to product liability claims if people or property are harmed by the products we sell. 

Some of the products we sell may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product liability. In addition, even if a product liability claim is not successful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding a product recall or any assertion that our products caused property damage or personal injury could damage our brand identity and our reputation with existing and potential consumers and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have a self-insured retention ( SIR ) for products liability and personal injury matters ranging from $25,000 to $500,000 depending on the product type and when the occurrence took place. Generally, any occurrence (as defined by our insurance policies) after June 1, 2007 is subject to the $500,000 SIR. Amounts above the SIR, up to a certain dollar amount, are covered by our excess insurance policy. Currently, we maintain excess liability insurance aggregating $150.0 million with outside insurance carriers to minimize our risks related to catastrophic claims in excess of our self-insured positions for products liability and personal injury matters. Any material change in the aforementioned factors could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Any increase in the frequency and size of these claims, as compared to our experience in prior years, may cause the premium that we are required to pay for insurance to increase significantly and may negatively impact future SIR levels. It may also increase the amounts we pay in punitive damages, not all of which are covered by our insurance. 

66 

Table of Contents  

We may be named in litigation, which may result in substantial costs and reputational harm and divert management s attention and resources. 

We face legal risks in our business, including claims from disputes with our employees and our former employees and claims associated with general commercial disputes, product liability and other matters. Risks associated with legal liability often are difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of time. While we maintain director and officer insurance, as well as general and product liability insurance, the amount of insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover a claim and the continued availability of this insurance cannot be assured. We have been named in the past and may be named in the future as defendants of class action lawsuits. For example, we were named as a defendant in a class action lawsuit by Camp Coast to Coast club members, which alleged certain violations of California s Unfair Competition Law at Business and Professions Code and other laws, relating to our sale of trip points and certain advertising and marketing materials. In addition, we were also named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed by former employees in the State of California, which alleged various wage and hour claims under the California Labor Code. We have since settled both actions. Regardless of their subject matter or merits, class action lawsuits may result in significant cost to us, which may not be covered by insurance, may divert the attention of management or may otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Negative publicity from litigation, whether or not resulting in a substantial cost, could materially damage our reputation. We may in the future be the target of litigation and this litigation may result in substantial costs and reputational harm and divert management s attention and resources. Costs, harm to our reputation and diversion could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our private brand offerings expose us to various risks. 

We expect to continue to grow our exclusive private brand offerings through a combination of brands that we own and brands that we license from third parties. We have invested in our development and procurement resources and marketing efforts relating to these private brand offerings. Although we believe that our private brand products offer value to our customers at each price point and provide us with higher gross margins than comparable third party branded products we sell, the expansion of our private brand offerings also subjects us to certain specific risks in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this section, such as: 

potential mandatory or voluntary product recalls;     

our ability to successfully protect our proprietary rights (including defending against counterfeit, knock offs, grey-market, infringing or otherwise unauthorized goods);     

our ability to successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties;     

our ability to successfully administer and comply with obligations under license agreements that we have with the licensors of brands, including, in some instances, certain minimum sales requirements that, if not met, could cause us to lose the licensing rights or pay damages; and     

other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail.     

An increase in sales of our private brands may also adversely affect sales of our vendors  products, which may, in turn, adversely affect our relationship with our vendors. Our failure to adequately address some or all of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Political and economic uncertainty and unrest in foreign countries where some of our merchandise vendors are located and trade restrictions upon imports from these foreign countries could adversely affect our ability to source merchandise and our results of operations. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, approximately 10% and 10%, respectively, of our merchandise was imported directly from vendors located in foreign countries, with a substantial portion of the imported merchandise being obtained directly from vendors in China. In addition, we believe that a significant portion of our domestic vendors obtain their products from   

67 

Table of Contents  

foreign countries that may also be subject to political and economic uncertainty. We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with changing economic, political and other conditions in foreign countries where our vendors are located, such as: 

increased import duties, tariffs, trade restrictions and quotas;     

work stoppages;     

economic uncertainties;     

adverse foreign government regulations;     

wars, fears of war and terrorist attacks and organizing activities;     

adverse fluctuations of foreign currencies;     

natural disasters; and     

political unrest.     

We cannot predict when, or the extent to which, the countries in which our products are manufactured will experience any of the above events. Any event causing a disruption or delay of imports from foreign locations would likely increase the cost or reduce the supply of merchandise available to us and would adversely affect our results of operations. 

In addition, trade restrictions, including increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions against clothing items, as well as U.S. or foreign labor strikes, work stoppages or boycotts could increase the cost or reduce the supply of merchandise available to us or may require us to modify our current business practices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in achieving their purposes. 

Our policies, procedures, controls and oversight to monitor and manage our enterprise risks may not be fully effective in achieving their purpose and may leave exposure to identified or unidentified risks. Past or future misconduct by our employees or vendors could result in violations of law by us, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational harm or financial harm. We monitor our policies, procedures and controls; however, there can be no assurance that our policies, procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent all forms of misconduct. We review our compensation policies and practices as part of our overall enterprise risk management program, but it is possible that our compensation policies could incentivize inappropriate risk taking or misconduct. If such inappropriate risks or misconduct occurs, it is possible that it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We could incur asset impairment charges for goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets. 

We have a significant amount of goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. At least annually, we review goodwill for impairment. Long-lived assets, identifiable intangible assets and goodwill are also reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable from future cash flows. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of the business or other factors. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. Our determination of future cash flows, future recoverability and fair value of our long-lived assets includes significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in those estimates or assumptions or lower than anticipated future financial performance may result in the identification of an impaired asset and a non-cash impairment charge, which could be material. Any such charge could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

68 

Table of Contents  

Risks Relating to Our Organizational Structure 

Marcus Lemonis, through his beneficial ownership of our shares directly or indirectly held by ML Acquisition and ML RV Group, has substantial control over us, including over decisions that require the approval of stockholders, and his interests, along with the interests of our other Continuing Equity Owners, in our business may conflict with yours. 

Each share of our Class B common stock entitles its holders to one vote per share on all matters presented to our stockholders generally provided that, for as long as ML Acquisition Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, indirectly owned by each of Stephen Adams and our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Marcus Lemonis ( ML Acquisition ) and its permitted transferees of common units (the  ML Related Parties ), directly or indirectly, beneficially own in the aggregate 27.5% or more of all of the outstanding common units of CWGS, LLC, the shares of our Class B common stock held by the ML Related Parties entitle the ML Related Parties, and, through his beneficial ownership of our shares directly or indirectly held by ML Acquisition, Marcus Lemonis, to the number of votes necessary such that the ML Related Parties, in the aggregate, cast 47% of the total votes eligible to be cast by all of our stockholders on all matters presented to a vote of our stockholders generally. Additionally, our one share of Class C common stock entitles ML RV Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, wholly-owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Marcus Lemonis ( ML RV Group ) and, through his beneficial ownership of our shares directly or indirectly held by ML RV Group, Marcus Lemonis, to the number of votes necessary such that he casts 5% of the total votes eligible to be cast by all of our stockholders on all matters presented to a vote of our stockholders generally for as long as there is no Class C Change of Control (as defined in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation). Accordingly, subject to the voting agreement that we entered into with ML Acquisition, ML RV Group, CVRV Acquisition LLC and CVRV Acquisition II LLC in connection with our IPO (the  Voting Agreement ) as described below, Marcus Lemonis, through his beneficial ownership of our shares directly or indirectly held by ML Acquisition and ML RV Group, may approve or disapprove substantially all transactions and other matters requiring approval by our stockholders, such as a merger, consolidation, dissolution or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, the issuance or redemption of certain additional equity interests, and the election of directors. These voting and class approval rights may also enable Marcus Lemonis to approve transactions that may not be in the best interests of holders of our Class A common stock or, conversely, prevent the consummation of transactions that may be in the best interests of holders of our Class A common stock. 

Additionally, the Continuing Equity Owners may receive payments from us under the Tax Receivable Agreement and upon any redemption or exchange of their common units in CWGS, LLC, including the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock upon any such redemption or exchange. As a result, the interests of the Continuing Equity Owners may conflict with the interests of holders of our Class A common stock. For example, the Continuing Equity Owners may have different tax positions from us which could influence their decisions regarding whether and when to dispose of assets, whether and when to incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, especially in light of the existence of the Tax Receivable Agreement, and whether and when we should terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement and accelerate our obligations thereunder. In addition, the structuring of future transactions may take into consideration tax or other considerations of the Continuing Equity Owners even in situations where no similar considerations are relevant to us.  

In addition, pursuant to the Voting Agreement, Crestview Advisors, L.L.C., a registered investment adviser to private equity funds, including funds affiliated with Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. ( Crestview ) has the right to designate certain of our directors (the  Crestview Directors ), which will be four Crestview Directors (unless Marcus Lemonis is no longer our Chief Executive Officer, in which case, Crestview will have the right to designate three Crestview Directors) for as long as Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. directly or indirectly, beneficially owns, in the aggregate, 32.5% or more of our Class A common stock, three Crestview Directors for so long as Crestview Partners II GP, L.P., directly or indirectly, beneficially owns, in the aggregate, less than 32.5% but 25% or more of our Class A common stock, two Crestview Directors for as long as Crestview Partners II GP, L.P., directly or indirectly, beneficially owns, in the aggregate, less than 25% but 15% or more of our Class A common stock and one Crestview Director for as long as Crestview Partners II GP, L.P., directly or indirectly, beneficially owns, in the aggregate, less than 15% but 7.5% or more of our Class A common stock (assuming in each such case that all outstanding common units in CWGS, LLC   

69 

Table of Contents  

are redeemed for newly issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one for one basis). Each of ML Acquisition and ML RV Group will agree to vote, or cause to vote, all of their outstanding shares of our Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Class C common stock at any annual or special meeting of stockholders in which directors are elected, so as to cause the election of the Crestview Directors. In addition, the ML Related Parties also have the right to designate certain of our directors (the  ML Acquisition Directors ), which will be four ML Acquisition Directors for as long as the ML Related Parties, directly or indirectly, beneficially own in the aggregate 27.5% or more of our Class A common stock, three ML Acquisition Directors for as long as the ML Related Parties, directly or indirectly, beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 27.5% but 25% or more of our Class A common stock, two ML Acquisition Directors for as long as the ML Related Parties, directly or indirectly, beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 25% but 15% or more of our Class A common stock and one ML Acquisition Director for as long as the ML Related Parties, directly or indirectly, beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 15% but 7.5% or more of our Class A common stock (assuming in each such case that all outstanding common units in CWGS, LLC are redeemed for newly issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one for one basis). Moreover, ML RV Group has the right to designate one director for as long as it holds our one share of Class C common stock (the  ML RV Director ). Funds controlled by Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. have agreed to vote, or cause to vote, all of their outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock at any annual or special meeting of stockholders in which directors are elected, so as to cause the election of the ML Acquisition Directors and the ML RV Director. Additionally, pursuant to the Voting Agreement, we shall take commercially reasonable action to cause (i) the board of directors to be comprised at least of nine directors; (ii) the individuals designated in accordance with the terms of the Voting Agreement to be included in the slate of nominees to be elected to the board of directors at the next annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company at which directors are to be elected and at each annual meeting of stockholders of the Company thereafter at which a director s term expires; (iii) the individuals designated in accordance with the terms of the Voting Agreement to fill the applicable vacancies on the board of directors; and (iv) a ML Director or the ML RV Director to be the chairperson of the board of directors (as defined in the bylaws). The Voting Agreement allows for the board of directors to reject the nomination, appointment or election of a particular director if such nomination, appointment or election would constitute a breach of the board of directors  fiduciary duties to the Company s stockholders or does not otherwise comply with any requirements of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or the charter for, or related guidelines of, the board of directors  nominating and corporate governance committee. 

The Voting Agreement further provides that, for so long as Crestview Partners II GP, L.P., directly or indirectly, beneficially owns, in the aggregate, 22.5% or more of our Class A common stock, or the ML Related Parties, directly or indirectly, beneficially own, in the aggregate, 22.5% or more of our Class A common stock (assuming in each such case that all outstanding common units in CWGS, LLC are redeemed for newly issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis), the approval of Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. and the ML Related Parties, as applicable, will be required for certain corporate actions. These actions include: (1) a change of control; (2) acquisitions or dispositions of assets above $100 million; (3) the issuance of securities of Camping World Holdings, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries (other than under equity incentive plans that have received the prior approval of our board of directors); (4) material amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; and (5) any change in the size of the board of directors. The Voting Agreement also provides that, for so long as either Crestview Partners II GP, L.P., directly or indirectly, beneficially owns, in the aggregate, 28% or more of our Class A common stock, or the ML Related Parties, directly or indirectly, beneficially own, in the aggregate, 28% or more of our Class A common stock (assuming in each such case that all outstanding common units of CWGS, LLC are redeemed for newly issued shares of our Class A common stock, on a one-for-one basis), the approval of Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. and the ML Related Parties, as applicable, will be required for the hiring and termination of our Chief Executive Officer; provided, however, that the approval of Crestview Partners II GP, L.P., and the ML Related Parties, as applicable, shall only be required at such time as Marcus Lemonis no longer serves as our Chief Executive Officer. These rights may prevent the consummation of transactions that may be in the best interests of holders of our Class A common stock. 

70 

Table of Contents  

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of  corporate opportunity  will not apply with respect to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our affiliates. 

The doctrine of corporate opportunity generally provides that a corporate fiduciary may not develop an opportunity using corporate resources, acquire an interest adverse to that of the corporation or acquire property that is reasonably incident to the present or prospective business of the corporation or in which the corporation has a present or expectancy interest, unless that opportunity is first presented to the corporation and the corporation chooses not to pursue that opportunity. The doctrine of corporate opportunity is intended to preclude officers or directors or other fiduciaries from personally benefiting from opportunities that belong to the corporation. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of  corporate opportunity  will not apply with respect to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our affiliates. Any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our affiliates will therefore have no duty to communicate or present corporate opportunities to us, and will have the right to either hold any corporate opportunity for their (and their affiliates ) own account and benefit or to recommend, assign or otherwise transfer such corporate opportunity to persons other than us, including to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our affiliates. 

As a result, certain of our stockholders, directors and their respective affiliates will not be prohibited from operating or investing in competing businesses. We therefore may find ourselves in competition with certain of our stockholders, directors or their respective affiliates, and we may not have knowledge of, or be able to pursue, transactions that could potentially be beneficial to us. Accordingly, we may lose a corporate opportunity or suffer competitive harm, which could negatively impact our business or prospects. 

We are a  controlled company  within the meaning of the NYSE listing requirements and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Our stockholders do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such corporate governance requirements. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Voting Agreement, Marcus Lemonis, through his beneficial ownership of our shares directly or indirectly held by ML Acquisition and ML RV Group, and certain funds controlled by Crestview Partners II GP, L.P., in the aggregate, have more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors, and, as a result, we are considered a  controlled company  for the purposes of the New York Stock Exchange (the  NYSE ) listing requirements. As such, we qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements to have a majority of independent directors on our board of directors, an entirely independent nominating and corporate governance committee, an entirely independent compensation committee or to perform annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees. 

The corporate governance requirements and specifically the independence standards are intended to ensure that directors who are considered independent are free of any conflicting interest that could influence their actions as directors. We have utilized, and intend to continue to utilize, certain exemptions afforded to a  controlled company.  As a result, we are not subject to certain corporate governance requirements, including that a majority of our board of directors consists of  independent directors,  as defined under the rules of the NYSE. In addition, we are not required to have a nominating and corporate governance committee or compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities or to conduct annual performance evaluations of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees and currently we do not have an entirely independent nominating and corporate governance committee. Accordingly, our stockholders do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. 

71 

Table of Contents  

Our principal asset is our interest in CWGS, LLC, and accordingly, we depend on distributions from CWGS, LLC to pay dividends, taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. CWGS, LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions. 

We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our ownership of 18,935,916 common units, representing a 22.6% economic interest in the business of CWGS, LLC. We have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay dividends in the future, if any, will be dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of CWGS, LLC and its subsidiaries and distributions we receive from CWGS, LLC. There can be no assurance that our subsidiaries will generate sufficient cash flow to dividend or distribute funds to us or that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including negative covenants in our debt instruments, will permit such dividends or distributions. 

CWGS, LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income is allocated to holders of its common units, including us. As a result, we incur income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of CWGS, LLC. Under the terms of the CWGS LLC Agreement, CWGS, LLC is obligated to make tax distributions to holders of its common units, including us, except to the extent such distributions would render CWGS, LLC insolvent or are otherwise prohibited by law or our Existing and New Senior Secured Credit Facilities, our Floor Plan Facility or any of our future debt agreements. In addition to tax expenses, we will also incur expenses related to our operations, our interests in CWGS, LLC and related party agreements, including payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and expenses and costs of being a public company, all of which could be significant. We intend, as its managing member, to cause CWGS, LLC to make distributions in an amount sufficient to allow us to pay our taxes and operating expenses, including any ordinary course payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, CWGS, LLC s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions including, but not limited to, restrictions on distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which CWGS, LLC is then a party, including debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering CWGS, LLC insolvent. If CWGS, LLC does not have sufficient funds to pay tax distributions or other liabilities to fund our operations, we may have to borrow funds, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore may accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. If CWGS, LLC does not have sufficient funds to make distributions, our ability to declare and pay cash dividends may also be restricted or impaired. See    Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock.  

Our Tax Receivable Agreement with the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. requires us to make cash payments to them in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled, and the amounts that we may be required to pay could be significant. 

In connection with our IPO, we entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement with CWGS, LLC, each of the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, we are required to make cash payments to the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. equal to 85% of the tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize as a result of (i) increases in tax basis resulting from the purchase of common units from Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. in exchange for Class A common stock in connection with the consummation of the IPO and the related corporate reorganization transactions and any future redemptions that are funded by Camping World Holdings, Inc. or exchanges of common units and (ii) certain other tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The amount of the cash payments that we may be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement could be significant. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, which tax reporting positions are subject to challenge by taxing authorities. Any payments made by us to the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred   

72 

Table of Contents  

and will accrue interest until paid by us. Nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore may accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Furthermore, our future obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be deemed realized under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are also not conditioned upon the Continuing Equity Owners or Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. maintaining a continued ownership interest in CWGS, LLC.   

The amounts that we may be required to pay to the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated in certain circumstances and may also significantly exceed the actual tax benefits that we ultimately realize. 

The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that if certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination, or other changes of control were to occur, if we materially breach any of our material obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement or if, at any time, we elect an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, then the Tax Receivable Agreement will terminate and our obligations, or our successor s obligations, to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement would accelerate and become immediately due and payable. The amount due and payable in those circumstances is determined based on certain assumptions, including an assumption that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. 

As a result of the foregoing, (i) we could be required to make cash payments to the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual benefits we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement and (ii) we would be required to make an immediate cash payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement, which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination, or other changes of control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

We will not be reimbursed for any payments made to the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. under the Tax Receivable Agreements in the event that any tax benefits are disallowed. 

We will not be reimbursed for any cash payments previously made to the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement if any tax benefits initially claimed by us are subsequently challenged by a taxing authority and are ultimately disallowed. Instead, any excess cash payments made by us to a Continuing Equity Owner or Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, a challenge to any tax benefits initially claimed by us may not arise for a number of years following the initial time of such payment or, even if challenged early, such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement and, as a result, there might not be future cash payments from which to net against. The applicable U.S. federal income tax rules are complex and factual in nature, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not disagree with our tax reporting positions. As a result, it is possible that we could make cash payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are substantially greater than our actual cash tax savings. 

73 

Table of Contents  

Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States, and our tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 

changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities;     

expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances;     

expiration of, or detrimental changes in, research and development tax credit laws;     

tax effects of stock-based compensation;     

costs related to intercompany restructurings; or     

changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof.     

In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by U.S. federal and state authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

If we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ), as a result of our ownership of CWGS, LLC, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940 Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an  investment company  for purposes of the 1940 Act if (i) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (ii) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We do not believe that we are an  investment company,  as such term is defined in either of those sections of the 1940 Act. 

As the sole managing member of CWGS, LLC, we control and operate CWGS, LLC. On that basis, we believe that our interest in CWGS, LLC is not an  investment security  as that term is used in the 1940 Act. However, if we were to cease participation in the management of CWGS, LLC, our interest in CWGS, LLC could be deemed an  investment security  for purposes of the 1940 Act. 

We and CWGS, LLC intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed an investment company. However, if we were to be deemed an investment company, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. that do not benefit Class A common stockholders to the same extent as it benefits the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. 

Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. that do not benefit the holders of our Class A common stock to the same extent as it benefits such Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. In connection with our IPO, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement with CWGS, LLC and such Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. and it provides for the payment by Camping World Holdings, Inc. to the Continuing Equity Owners and Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. of 85% of   

74 

Table of Contents  

the amount of tax benefits, if any, that Camping World Holdings, Inc. actually realizes, or in some circumstances is deemed to realize, as a result of (i) increases in tax basis resulting from the purchase of common units from Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. in exchange for Class A common stock in connection with the consummation of the IPO and the related corporate reorganization transactions and any future redemptions that are funded by Camping World Holdings, Inc. or exchanges of common units and (ii) certain other tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Although Camping World Holdings, Inc. will retain 15% of the amount of such tax benefits, this and other aspects of our organizational structure may adversely impact the future trading market for the Class A common stock. 

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 

The Continuing Equity Owners (through common units) own interests in CWGS, LLC, and the Continuing Equity Owners have the right to redeem their interests in CWGS, LLC pursuant to the terms of the CWGS LLC Agreement for shares of Class A common stock or cash. 

We have an aggregate of 231,064,084 shares of Class A common stock authorized but unissued, including approximately 64,835,914 shares of Class A common stock issuable, at our election, upon redemption of CWGS, LLC common units that are held by the Continuing Equity Owners. In connection with our IPO, CWGS, LLC entered into the CWGS LLC Agreement, and subject to certain restrictions set forth therein, the Continuing Equity Owners are entitled to have their common units redeemed from time to time at each of their options for, at our election (determined solely by our independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE) who are disinterested), newly-issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis or a cash payment equal to a volume weighted average market price of one share of Class A common stock for each common unit redeemed, in each case in accordance with the terms of the CWGS LLC Agreement; provided that, at our election (determined solely by our independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE) who are disinterested), we may effect a direct exchange of such Class A common stock or such cash, as applicable, for such common units. The Continuing Equity Owners may exercise such redemption right for as long as their common units remain outstanding. In connection with our IPO, we also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which the shares of Class A common stock issued upon such redemption and the shares of Class A common stock issued to the Original Equity Owners in connection with the Transactions will be eligible for resale, subject to certain limitations set forth therein.   

We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our Class A common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our Class A common stock may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock, including shares issued in connection with an acquisition, or the perception that such sales or distributions could occur, may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 

You may be diluted by future issuances of additional Class A common stock or common units in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise; future sales of such shares in the public market, or the expectations that such sales may occur, could lower our stock price. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue shares of our Class A common stock and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to our Class A common stock for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our board of directors in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. In addition, we, CWGS, LLC and the Continuing Equity Owners are party to the CWGS LLC Agreement under which the Continuing Equity Owners (or certain permitted transferees thereof) have the right (subject to the terms of the CWGS LLC Agreement) to have their common units redeemed from time to time at each of their options by CWGS, LLC in exchange for, at our election (determined solely by our independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE) who are disinterested), newly-issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis or a cash payment equal to a volume weighted average market price of one share of Class A common stock for each common unit redeemed, in each case in accordance with the terms of the CWGS LLC Agreement; provided that, at our election (determined solely by our independent directors (within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE) who are disinterested), we may effect a direct exchange of such Class A common stock or such cash, as applicable, for such common units. The Continuing Equity Owners may exercise such redemption right for   

75 

Table of Contents  

as long as their common units remain outstanding. The market price of shares of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of these redemptions or exchanges or the perception that a redemption could occur. These redemptions or exchanges, or the possibility that these redemptions or exchanges may occur, also might make it more difficult for holders of our Class A common stock to sell such stock in the future at a time and at a price that they deem appropriate. 

We have reserved shares for issuance under our 2016 Incentive Award Plan (the  2016 Plan ) in an amount equal to 14,693,518 shares of Class A common stock, including shares of Class A common stock issuable pursuant to 1,134,809 stock options and 145,282 restricted stock units granted to certain of our directors and certain of our employees in connection with our IPO. Any Class A common stock that we issue, including under our 2016 Plan or other equity incentive plans that we may adopt in the future, would dilute the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. 

In connection with our IPO, we, our officers and directors and the Original Equity Owners, subject to certain exceptions, agreed that, without the prior written consent of Goldman, Sachs   Co. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, on behalf of the underwriters of our IPO, we and they will not, during the period ending 180 days after October 6, 2016 (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, beneficially any shares of Class A common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock; (ii) file any registration statement with the SEC relating to the offering of any shares of Class A common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Class A common stock; or (iii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of Class A common stock, subject to certain exceptions. Goldman, Sachs   Co. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, in their sole discretion, may release the Class A common stock and other securities subject to the lock-up agreements described above in whole or in part at any time with or without notice.   

The market price of our Class A common stock may decline significantly when the restrictions on resale by our existing stockholders lapse. A decline in the price of our Class A common stock might impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of Class A common stock or other equity securities. 

In connection with our IPO, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Original Equity Owners. Any sales in connection with the Registration Rights Agreement, or the prospect of any such sales, could materially impact the market price of our Class A common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through future sales of equity securities.  

In the future, we may also issue additional securities if we need to raise capital, including, but not limited to, in connection with acquisitions, which could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Our Class A common stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance. 

Volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock may prevent you from being able to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for such shares. Many factors, which are outside our control, may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate significantly, including those described elsewhere in this  Risk Factors  section and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the following: 

our operating and financial performance and prospects;     

our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry compared to market expectations;     

conditions that impact demand for our services;     

future announcements concerning our business or our competitors  businesses;     

the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC;     

76 

Table of Contents  

the size of our public float;     

coverage by or changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or failure to meet their expectations;     

market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy;     

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings;     

changes in laws or regulations which adversely affect our industry or us;     

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles;     

changes in senior management or key personnel;     

issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales of our capital stock;     

changes in our dividend policy;     

adverse resolution of new or pending litigation against us; and     

changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of war and responses to such events.     

As a result, volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock may prevent investors from being able to sell their Class A common stock at or above the price they paid for such shares. These broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our Class A common stock is low. As a result, you may suffer a loss on your investment. 

Our ability to pay regular and special dividends on our Class A common stock is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by our structure and statutory restrictions and restrictions imposed by our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility as well as any future agreements. 

CWGS, LLC intends to make a regular quarterly cash distribution to its common unit holders of approximately $0.0605 per common unit, and we intend to use all of the proceeds from such distribution on our common units to declare cash dividends on our Class A common stock. We expect our first regular quarterly cash dividend will be for the quarter ending March 31, 2017. CWGS, LLC shall make cash distributions in accordance with the CWGS LLC Agreement in an amount sufficient for us to pay any expenses incurred by us in connection with the regular quarterly cash dividend, along with any of our other operating expenses and other obligations. In addition, we currently intend to pay a special cash dividend of all or a portion of the Excess Tax Distribution to the holders of our Class A common stock from time to time, subject to the discretion of our board of directors. However, the payment of future dividends on our Class A common stock will be subject to our discretion as the sole managing member of CWGS, LLC, the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, level of indebtedness, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, restrictions in our debt agreements and in any preferred stock, business prospects and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Our New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our Floor Plan Facility also effectively limit our ability to pay dividends. Additionally, our ability to distribute any Excess Tax Distribution will also be subject to no early termination or amendment of the Tax Receivable Agreement, as well as the amount of tax distributions actually paid to us and our actual tax liability. As a consequence of these limitations and restrictions, we may not be able to make, or may have to reduce or eliminate, the payment of dividends on our Class A common stock. Accordingly, you may have to sell some or all of your Class A common stock after price appreciation in order to generate cash flow from your investment. You may not receive a gain on your investment when you sell your Class A common stock and you may lose the entire amount of the investment. Additionally, any change in the level of our dividends or the suspension of the payment thereof could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

77 

Table of Contents  

Delaware law and certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may prevent efforts by our stockholders to change the direction or management of our company. 

We are a Delaware corporation, and the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our Company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors, including, but not limited to, the following: 

our board of directors is classified into three classes, each of which serves for a staggered three-year term;     

a majority of our stockholders or a majority of our board of directors may call special meetings of our stockholders, and at such time as the ML Related Parties, directly or indirectly, beneficially own in the aggregate, less than 27.5% of all of the outstanding common units of CWGS, LLC, only the chairperson of our board of directors or a majority of our board of directors may call special meetings of our stockholders;     

we have authorized undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval;     

any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a written consent is signed by the holders of our outstanding shares of common stock representing not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize such action at a meeting at which all outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote thereon, and at such time as the ML Related Parties, directly or indirectly, beneficially own in the aggregate, less than 27.5% of all of the outstanding common units of CWGS, LLC, any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders may not be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting;     

our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes which all our stockholders would be eligible to cast in an election of directors and our amended and restated bylaws may be amended or repealed by a majority vote of our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes which all our stockholders would be eligible to cast in an election of directors, and at such time as the ML Related Parties, directly or indirectly, beneficially own in the aggregate, less than 27.5% of all of the outstanding common units of CWGS, LLC, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may be amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66  2/3  % of the votes which all our stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors and our amended and restated bylaws may also be amended or repealed by a majority vote of our board of directors;     

we require advance notice and duration of ownership requirements for stockholder proposals; and     

we have opted out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the  DGCL ), however, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that are similar to Section 203 of the DGCL (except with respect to ML Acquisition and Crestview and any of their respective affiliates and any of their respective direct or indirect transferees of Class B common stock).      

These provisions could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and cause us to take other corporate actions you desire, including actions that you may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. 

78 

Table of Contents  

Please see    Risks Relating to Our Organizational Structure   Marcus Lemonis, through his beneficial ownership of our shares directly or indirectly held by ML Acquisition and ML RV Group, has substantial control over us, including over decisions that require the approval of stockholders, and his interests, along with the interests of our other Continuing Equity Owners, in our business may conflict with yours.  

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to certain exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders  ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, any director or our officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, any director or our officers or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described above. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our Class A common stock, which could depress the price of our Class A common stock. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue one or more series of preferred stock. Our board of directors will have the authority to determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of the shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our Class A common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us, discouraging bids for our Class A common stock at a premium to the market price, and materially and adversely affect the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of our Class A common stock. 

The obligations associated with being a public company have required, and will continue to require, significant resources and management attention, which may divert from our business operations. 

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not previously incur prior to our IPO. 

In addition, the need to continue to establish the corporate infrastructure demanded of a public company may divert management s attention from implementing our business strategy, which could prevent us from improving our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have made, and will continue to make, changes to our internal control over financial reporting, including information technology controls, and procedures for financial reporting and accounting systems to meet our reporting obligations as a public company. However, the measures we take may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations as a public   

79 

Table of Contents  

company. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain our culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may continue to incur to comply with these requirements. We anticipate that these costs will continue to materially increase our general and administrative expenses in comparison to the amount of such general and administrative expenses prior to our IPO. 

Furthermore, as a public company, we will continue to incur additional legal, accounting and other expenses that have not been reflected in our predecessor s historical financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, rules implemented by the SEC and the NYSE have imposed various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel have devoted, and will need to continue to devote, a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. These rules and regulations result in our incurring legal and financial compliance costs and have made, and will continue to make, some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 

As a public reporting company, we are subject to rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC regarding our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, or report them in a timely manner. 

As a public reporting company, we are subject to the rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and NYSE. These rules and regulations require, among other things, that we have, and periodically evaluate, procedures with respect to our internal control over financial reporting. Reporting obligations as a public company are likely to continue to place a considerable strain on our financial and management systems, processes and controls, as well as on our personnel. 

In addition, as a public company we are required to document and test our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so that our management can certify as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting by the time our second annual report is filed with the SEC and thereafter, which will require us to document and make significant changes to our internal control over financial reporting. Likewise, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

If our senior management is unable to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, or to certify the effectiveness of such controls, or if our independent registered public accounting firm cannot render an unqualified opinion on management s assessment and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, or if material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting are identified, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, a loss of public and investor confidence, and to litigation from investors and stockholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and the price of our Class A common stock. In addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes and controls, we may not be able to manage our business effectively or accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could cause a decline in our common stock price and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, the NYSE or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 

80 

Table of Contents  

If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our company, or if they issue unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or downgrade our Class A common stock, the price of our Class A common stock could decline. 

The trading market for our Class A common stock depends in part on the research and reports that third party securities analysts publish about our company and our industry. If one or more analysts cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market. In addition, one or more of these analysts could downgrade our Class A common stock or issue other negative commentary about our company or our industry. As a result of one or more of these factors, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

In connection with the reorganization transactions and our IPO, we issued (i) 7,063,716 shares of Class A common stock to funds controlled by Crestview Partners II GP, L.P., (ii) 69,066,445 shares of Class B common stock to funds controlled by Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. and CWGS Holding, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of ML Acquisition Company, LLC (of which 7,063,716 shares of Class B common stock were subsequently canceled for no consideration) and (iii) one share of Class C common stock to ML RV Group, LLC. The issuances of shares of Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Class C common stock described in this paragraph were made in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder.  

Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering of Class A Common Stock  

On October 13, 2016, we completed the initial public offering of our Class A common stock pursuant to a Registration Statement (File No. 333-211977), which was declared effective on October 6, 2016.  

Under the Registration Statement, on October 13, 2016 we sold 11,363,636 shares of our Class A common stock at a price of $22.00 per share. Additionally, under the Registration Statement, on November 9, 2016, we sold an additional 508,564 shares of our Class A common stock at a price of $22.00 per share pursuant to the underwriters exercise of their option, in part, to purchase additional shares of our Class A common stock. Goldman, Sachs   Co. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, acted as representatives of the underwriters for the offering. We received net proceeds of approximately $243.8 million, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, including the net proceeds received from the underwriters exercise of their option to purchase additional shares of our Class A common stock, in part. No offering expenses were paid or are payable, directly or indirectly, to any of our officers, directors or their associates, to any person owning 10% or more of any class of our equity securities or to any of our affiliates. 

We used all of the net proceeds to make a capital contribution to CWGS Enterprises, LLC in exchange for 11,872,200 common units of CWGS Enterprises, LLC. No payments from the net proceeds were made, directly or indirectly, to any of our officers, directors or their associates, to any persons owning 10% or more of any class of our equity securities or to any of our affiliates. 

There has been no material change in the use of proceeds as described in the Prospectus. 

Item 3:  Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

None. 

Item 4:  Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

81 

Table of Contents  

Item 5:  Other Information   

On November 8, 2016, CWGS Group, LLC (as borrower) and CWGS, LLC (as parent guarantor) entered into a credit agreement (the  New Credit Agreement ) for a new $680.0 million senior secured credit facility (the   New Senior Secured Credit Facilities  ) with Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto. The New Senior Secured Credit Facilities consist of a seven-year $645.0 million term loan facility (the  New Term Loan Facility ) and a five-year $35.0 million revolving credit facility (the  New Revolving Credit Facility ). 

Concurrently with the closing of the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities, we repaid and extinguished our existing senior secured credit facilities by borrowing the full amount available under the New Term Loan Facility and using a portion of the proceeds of the New Term Loan Facility to satisfy all of the outstanding obligations under the existing senior secured credit facilities.  At November 8, 2016, we had $632.4 million outstanding under our existing term loan facility and no borrowings outstanding under our existing revolving credit facility.  

Under our the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities, we have the ability to increase the amount of term loans or revolving loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed (a) a  fixed  amount set at $250.0 million plus (b) an additional amount subject to compliance with a total leverage ratio that does not exceed a ratio of total debt to consolidated EBITDA (x) 2.50:1.00 on a pro forma basis if incurred to finance an acquisition or (y) 2.30:1.00 on a pro forma basis if incurred for any other purpose. The lenders under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities are not under any obligation to provide commitments in respect of any such increase.  

Borrowings under the New Term Loan Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either: (a) the London Interbank Offered Rate (  LIBOR  ) multiplied by the statutory reserve rate (such product, the   Adjusted LIBOR Rate  ), subject to a 0.75% floor, plus an applicable margin of 3.75%, in the case of Eurocurrency loans or (b) an alternate base rate (determined by reference to the greatest of : (i) the prime rate published by The Wall Street Journal (the   WSJ Prime Rate  ), (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (iii) the one-month Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus 1.00%), subject to a 1.75% floor, plus an applicable margin of 2.75%, in the case of alternate base rate loans. The New Term Loan Facility includes mandatory amortization at 1% per annum in equal quarterly installments, with the balance payable in 2023. 

Borrowings under the New Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either: (a) the Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus an applicable margin based on the total leverage ratio, as set forth in the table below, in the case of Eurocurrency borrowings or (b) an alternate base rate (determined by reference to the greatest of : (i) the WSJ Prime Rate, (ii) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (iii) the one-month Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus 1.00%), plus an applicable margin based on the total leverage ratio, as set forth in the table below, in the case of alternate base rate borrowings. 

In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities, we are required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder at a rate of 0.50% per annum. We also pay customary letter of credit and agency fees. 

The credit agreement governing the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities requires us to prepay outstanding term loans, subject to certain exceptions, with: (1) 100% of the net cash proceeds of any incurrence of debt not permitted under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and debt incurred to refinance the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities, (2) 50% (which percentage will be reduced to 25% and 0% if our total leverage ratio is less than specified levels) of our annual excess cash flow (as defined in the credit agreement governing the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities)   minus   the amount of any voluntary prepayments of term loans under the New Term Loan Facility (including the cash amount of any debt buybacks related thereto) or revolving loans under the New Revolving Facility (with corresponding permanent reductions in the commitments thereunder)   

82 

Table of Contents  

and (3) 100% of the net cash proceeds of certain non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions of property (including casualty events) by the borrower or by any of its restricted subsidiaries, subject to reinvestment rights and certain other exceptions.   

We are able to voluntarily prepay outstanding loans under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities at any time without premium or penalty, other than (i) customary  breakage  costs and (ii) a premium of 1.00% applicable to any prepayment of the initial term loans under the New Term Loan Facility that is made in connection with a  repricing transaction  that occurs prior to the 6-month anniversary of the effective date of the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities.  

The obligations of the borrower are unconditionally guaranteed by the parent guarantor and each of the borrower s direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (with certain agreed-upon exceptions).  

All obligations under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the guarantees of those obligations, are secured, subject to certain exceptions, by:  

a pledge of 100% of the borrower s capital stock and certain of the capital stock or equity interests held by the borrower or any subsidiary guarantor (which pledge, in the case of the stock of any foreign subsidiary (each such entity, a  Pledged Foreign Sub ) (with certain agreed-upon exceptions) and the equity interests of certain U.S. subsidiaries that hold capital stock of foreign subsidiaries and are disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes (each such entity, a  Pledged U.S. DE ) (with certain agreed-upon exceptions), is limited to 65% of the stock or equity interests of such Pledged Foreign Sub or Pledged U.S. DE, as the case may be), in each case excluding any interests in FreedomRoads Intermediate Holdco, LLC and its subsidiaries, joint ventures to the extent such a pledge would violate the governing documents thereof, and subject to certain other exceptions; and      

a security interest in, and mortgages on, substantially all other tangible and intangible assets of the borrower and each subsidiary guarantor, subject to certain exceptions.      

The liens securing our obligations under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities are first priority liens on the relevant assets of the borrower and the guarantors, subject to customary exceptions and liens permitted under the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities. 

The New  Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain a number of covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, restrict the ability of the borrower and its restricted subsidiaries to:  

incur additional indebtedness, including capital leases;       

pay dividends on capital stock or redeem, repurchase or retire capital stock or other indebtedness;      

make investments, loans, advances and acquisitions;      

enter into burdensome agreements with negative pledge clauses or clauses restricting subsidiary distributions;      

engage in transactions with our affiliates;      

sell assets, including the capital stock of our subsidiaries;      

consolidate or merge; and      

create liens.      

The credit agreement governing the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities contains a customary passive holding company covenant applicable to the parent guarantor.   

The credit agreement governing the New Senior Secured Credit Facilities contains certain events of default, including payment defaults, failure to perform or observe covenants, cross-defaults with certain other events of default in connection with our other material indebtedness, a change of control or certain bankruptcy events, among others.  

83 

Table of Contents  

This summary of the New Credit Agreement does not purport to be a complete description and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the New Credit Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 6:  Exhibits   

See the Exhibits Index immediately following the signature page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q. 

84 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Camping World Holdings, Inc  .  

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Thomas F. Wolfe  

Thomas F. Wolfe  

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

(Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

85 

Table of Contents  

Exhibits Index   

Incorporated by Reference  

Exhibit Number  

Exhibit Description  

Form  

File No.  

Exhibit  

Filing Date  

Filed/ Furnished Herewith  

3.1  

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Camping World Holdings, Inc.  

*  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Camping World Holdings, Inc.  

*  

4.1  

Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of Class A common stock  

S-1/A  

333 211977  

4.1  

9/13/16  

10.1  

Amendment No. 1 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated July 1, 2016, by and among FreedomRoads, LLC, as the borrower, certain of FreedomRoads, LLC's subsidiaries from time to time, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and letter of credit issuer  

S-1/A  

333-211977  

10.10  

8/29/16  

10.2  

Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated September 21, 2016, by and among CWGS Enterprises, LLC, as holdings, CWGS Group, LLC, as borrower, certain of CWGS Enterprises, LLC's existing and future domestic subsidiaries as subsidiary guarantors, the lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent  

S-1/A  

333-211977  

10.32  

9/26/16  

10.3  

Credit Agreement, dated November 8, 2016, by and among CWGS Enterprises, LLC, as holdings, CWGS Group, LLC, as borrower, certain of CWGS Enterprises, LLC's existing and future domestic subsidiaries as subsidiary guarantors, the lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent  

*  

31.1  

Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

*  

31.2  

Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

*  

86 

Table of Contents  

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

File No. 

Exhibit 

Filing Date 

Filed/ Furnished Herewith 

32.1  

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

**  

32.2  

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

**  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

***  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

***  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

***  

101.DEF  

XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

***  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document  

***  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

***  

*     Filed herewith 

**    Furnished herewith 

***   Submitted electronically herewith 

87 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 cwh-20160930ex31ff0a1e6.htm
 EX-3.1

cwh_Ex3_1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION  OF  CAMPING WORLD HOLDINGS, INC. 

Camping World Holdings, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the    Corporation   ), hereby certifies as follows: 

1.  The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 8, 2016 (the    Certificate of Incorporation   ).  The name under which the Corporation was originally incorporated was CWGS, Inc. 

2.  The Corporation is filing this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation   ), which restates, integrates and further amends the Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore amended (the    Original Certificate   ), and which was duly adopted by all necessary action of the board of directors of the Corporation (the    Board of Directors   ) and the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242, 245 and 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the    DGCL   ). 

3.  The text of the Original Certificate is hereby amended and restated in its entirety by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to read in full as follows: 

ARTICLE I. 

The name of the corporation is Camping World Holdings, Inc. 

ARTICLE II. 

The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801.  The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.  

ARTICLE III. 

The nature of the business of the Corporation and the objects or purposes to be transacted, promoted or carried on by it is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL, including, without limitation, (i) investing in securities of CWGS Enterprises, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or any successor entities thereto (   CWGS LLC   ) and any of its subsidiaries, (ii) exercising all rights, powers, privileges and other incidents of ownership or possession with respect to the Corporation s assets, including managing, holding, selling and disposing of such assets and (iii) engaging in any other activities incidental or ancillary thereto. 

ARTICLE IV. 

Section 4.1       Authorized Stock  .  The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is three hundred forty five million and one (345,000,001), consisting of: 

(a)       Two hundred fifty million (250,000,000) shares of Class A common stock, with a par value of $0.01 per share (the    Class A Common Stock   ); 

(b)     Seventy five million (75,000,000) shares of Class B common stock, with a par value of $0.0001 per share (the    Class B Common Stock   );  

(c)     One (1) share of Class C common stock, with a par value of $0.0001 per share (the    Class C Common Stock   , and together with the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock, the    Common Stock   ); and  

(d)     Twenty million (20,000,000) shares of preferred stock, with a par value of $0.01 per share (the    Preferred Stock   ). 

Section 4.2       Preferred Stock  .  The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware (such certificate being hereinafter referred to as a    Preferred Stock Designation   ), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including, without limitation, the authority to fix or alter the dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, exchange rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking and purchase fund provisions), the redemption price or prices, restrictions on the issuance of shares of such series, the dissolution preferences and the rights in respect to any distribution of assets of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock and the number of shares constituting any such series, and the designation thereof, or any of them and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series so created (except where otherwise provided in the Preferred Stock Designation), subsequent to the issue of that series but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding.  In case the number of shares of any series shall be so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series.  There shall be no limitation or restriction on any variation between any of the different series of Preferred Stock as to the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof; and the several series of Preferred Stock may vary in any and all respects as fixed and determined by the resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors or by a committee of the Board of Directors, providing for the issuance of the various series of Preferred Stock. 

Section 4.3       Number of Authorized Shares  . The number of authorized shares of any of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, Class C Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the outstanding shares  

2 

of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, without a separate vote of any holders of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock, Class C Common Stock or Preferred Stock, or of any series thereof, unless a separate vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the terms of any Preferred Stock Designation, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL.  

Section 4.4       Common Stock  .  The powers, preferences and rights of the Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock and the Class C Common Stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof are as follows:  

(a)        Voting Rights  .  Except as otherwise required by law, 

(i)     Each share of Class A Common Stock shall entitle the record holder thereof as of the applicable record date to one (1) vote per share in person or by proxy on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of Class A Common Stock, whether voting separately as a class or otherwise. 

(ii)     Each share of Class B Common Stock shall entitle the record holder thereof as of the applicable record date to one (1) vote per share in person or by proxy on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of Class B Common Stock, whether voting separately as a class or otherwise;   provided  , that so long as ML Acquisition Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   ML Acquisition   ), and its Permitted Transferees (as defined below) of Common Units (as defined below) (collectively, the    ML Related Parties   ) beneficially own, directly or indirectly, twenty-seven and five-tenths percent (27.5%) or more of all Common Units issued and outstanding, all shares of Class B Common Stock held by the ML Related Parties shall entitle such ML Related Parties as of the applicable record date on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of Class B Common Stock, whether voting separately as a class or otherwise to the number of votes per share equal to the minimum number of whole votes per share that are necessary such that, if all holders of Class B Common Stock and all holders of each other class or series of Common Stock, Preferred Stock and other classes of capital stock of the Corporation (if any) were to cast all votes they are entitled to cast on such matter, such ML Related Parties (with respect to their Class B Common Stock) voting on such matter would cast in the aggregate forty-seven percent (47%) of the total votes cast by all such holders on such matters.  As used in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,    Common Unit    means a membership interest in CWGS LLC, authorized and issued under the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CWGS LLC, dated as of the Effective Date, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the    LLC Agreement   ), and constituting a  Common Unit  as defined in such LLC Agreement. 

(iii)     Subject to Section 4.4(e)(iii), the share of Class C Common Stock shall entitle the record holder thereof as of the applicable record date on all matters submitted to a vote of the holder of Class C Common Stock, whether voting separately as a class or otherwise, in person or by proxy, to the number of votes per share equal to the minimum number of whole votes per share that are necessary such that, if the holder of Class C Common Stock and all holders of each other class or series of Common Stock, Preferred Stock and other classes of capital stock of the Corporation (if any) were to cast all votes they are entitled to cast on such matter, such holder  

3 

of Class C Common Stock (with respect to its Class C Common Stock) voting on such matter would cast in the aggregate five percent (5%) of the total votes cast by all such holder on such matters. 

(iv)     Except as otherwise required in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall vote together as a single class (or, if any holders of shares of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of Common Stock, as a single class with such holders of Preferred Stock) on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation. 

(b)       Dividends and Distributions  .  Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Class A Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends, dividends may be declared and paid on the Class A Common Stock out of the assets or funds of the Corporation that are by law available therefor, at such times and in such amounts as the Board of Directors in its discretion shall determine.  Dividends shall not be declared or paid on the Class B Common Stock or the Class C Common Stock. 

(c)       Liquidation Rights  . In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation and after making provisions for preferential and other amounts, if any, to which the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled, the remaining assets and funds of the Corporation available for distribution shall be divided among and paid ratably to the holders of all outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock in proportion to the number of shares held by each such stockholder;   provided  , that the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock shall be entitled to receive $0.01 per share, and upon receiving such amount, the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to receive any other assets or funds of the Corporation.  A consolidation, reorganization or merger of the Corporation with any other Person or Persons (as defined below), or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, shall not be considered to be a dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation within the meaning of this   Section 4.4(c)  . 

(d)       Class B Common Stock  .    

(i)     Shares of Class B Common Stock may be issued only to, and registered in the name of, the ML Related Parties and CVRV Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Crestview   ) and its Permitted Transferees (as defined below) (the    Crestview Holders   , and together with the ML Related Parties, the    Permitted Class B Owners   ).   

(ii)     The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, undertake all necessary and appropriate action to ensure that the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued by the Corporation at any time to any Permitted Class B Owner shall be equal to the aggregate number of Common Units held of record by such Permitted Class B Owner in accordance with   Article VI  , as applicable.  

4 

(iii)     From and after the filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the    Effective Time   ), additional shares of Class B Common Stock may be issued only to, and registered in the name of, the Permitted Class B Owners in accordance with   Article VI   and the aggregate number of shares of Class B Common Stock following any such issuance registered in the name of each such Permitted Class B Owner must be equal to the aggregate number of Common Units held of record by such Permitted Class B Owner under the LLC Agreement as set forth in   Section 4.4(d)(ii)  . 

(iv)     In the event that (1) the Corporation undergoes a merger, consolidation or other business transaction in which shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or converted into other stock or securities, or the right to receive cash and/or any other property, other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock and/or any other class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving or resulting entity) more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the shares of capital stock of such surviving or resulting entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (2) there is any tender or exchange offer by any third party to acquire shares of Class B Common Stock, then the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to receive $0.01 per share of Class B Common Stock, and upon receiving such amount, the holders of shares of Class B Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to receive any other assets or funds with respect to the Class B Common Stock. 

(e)       Class C Common Stock  .    

(i)     The share of Class C Common Stock shall be issued only to, and registered in the name of, ML RV Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with its successors,    ML RV Group   ).   

(ii)     From and after the Effective Time, no additional shares of Class C Common Stock shall be issued by the Corporation. 

(iii)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below) or a transfer of the share of Class C Common Stock, the outstanding share of Class C Common Stock shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, automatically lose all voting rights (including those set forth herein) and become a non-voting share, and upon transfer to the Corporation by the holder thereof shall be cancelled for no consideration upon a transfer of such share (and the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, take all actions necessary to retire such share transferred to the Corporation and such share shall not be re-issued by the Corporation).   

(iv)     As used in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,    Change of Control    means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(A)     any  person  or  group  (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act (excluding the ML Related Parties and Crestview)) becomes the beneficial owner of shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock and/or any  

5 

other class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation (if any) representing in the aggregate more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote; 

(B)     the stockholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation; 

(C)     the merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other Person, other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock and/or any other class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving or resulting entity) more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the shares of capital stock of such surviving or resulting entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; 

(D)     the Corporation ceases to be the sole managing member of CWGS LLC; or 

(E)     the ML Related Parties beneficially own, directly or indirectly, less than twenty-seven and five-tenths percent (27.5%) of all outstanding Common Units. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a  Change of Control  shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in and voting control over, and own substantially all of the shares of, an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation immediately following such transaction or series of transactions. 

Section 4.5       Transfer of Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock  .   

(a)      A holder of Class B Common Stock or a holder of Class C Common Stock may surrender shares of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as applicable, to the Corporation for no consideration at any time.  Following the surrender of any shares of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as applicable, to the Corporation, the Corporation will take all actions necessary to retire such shares and such shares shall not be re-issued by the Corporation. 

(b)      Except as set forth in   Section 4.5(a)  : (i) a holder of Class B Common Stock may transfer or assign shares of Class B Common Stock (or any legal or beneficial interest in such shares) to any transferee or assignee only to the extent permitted by the LLC Agreement (a    Permitted Transfer    and a holder of Class B Common Stock pursuant to a Permitted Transfer, a    Permitted Transferee   ) and only if such holder also simultaneously Transfers an equal number of such holder s Common Units to such transferee in compliance with the LLC Agreement, and  

6 

(ii) a holder of Class C Common Stock shall not, directly or indirectly, sell, exchange, assign, transfer, convey, give, hypothecate or dispose of shares (or any legal or beneficial interest in such share or shares) of Class C Common Stock to any Person, as the shares of Class C Common Stock are exclusively issued to ML RV Group and are personal to it and non-transferable.  The transfer restrictions described in this   Section 4.5(b)   are referred to as the    Restrictions   . 

(c)      Any purported transfer of shares of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as applicable, in violation of the Restrictions shall be null and void.  If, notwithstanding the Restrictions, a person shall, voluntarily or involuntarily, purportedly become or attempt to become, the purported owner (   Purported Owner   ) of shares of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as applicable, in violation of the Restrictions, then the Purported Owner shall not obtain any rights in and to such shares of Class B Common Stock (the    Restricted Class B Shares   ) or such shares of Class C Common Stock (the    Restricted Class C Shares   , and together with the Restricted Class B Shares, the    Restricted Shares   ), and the purported transfer of the Restricted Shares to the Purported Owner shall not be recognized by the Corporation, the Corporation s transfer agent (the    Transfer Agent   ) or the Secretary of the Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors and each Restricted Share shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, automatically, without any further action on the part of the Corporation, the holder thereof, or any other party, lose all voting rights as set forth herein and become a non-voting share. 

(d)      Upon a determination by the Board of Directors that a Person has attempted or may attempt to transfer or to acquire Restricted Shares in violation of the Restrictions, the Board of Directors may take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to such transfer or acquisition on the books and records of the Corporation, including without limitation to cause the Transfer Agent or the Secretary of the Corporation, as applicable, to not record the Purported Owner as the record owner of the Restricted Shares, and to institute proceedings to enjoin or rescind any such transfer or acquisition. 

(e)      The Board of Directors may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time establish, modify, amend or rescind, by bylaw or otherwise, regulations and procedures not inconsistent with the provisions of this   Section 4.5   for determining whether any transfer or acquisition of shares of Class B Common Stock would violate the Restrictions and for the orderly application, administration and implementation of the provisions of this   Section 4.5  .  Any such procedures and regulations shall be kept on file with the Secretary of the Corporation and with its Transfer Agent and shall be made available for inspection by any prospective transferee and, upon written request, shall be mailed to holders of shares of Class B Common Stock. 

(f)      The Board of Directors shall have all powers necessary to implement the Restrictions, including without limitation the power to prohibit the transfer of any shares of Class B Common Stock and/or Class C Common Stock on the books and records of the Corporation in violation thereof. 

Section 4.6        Certificates  . All certificates or book entries representing shares of Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock, as the case may be, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form (or in such other form as the Board of Directors may determine): 

7 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS [CERTIFICATE][BOOK ENTRY] ARE SUBJECT TO THE RESTRICTIONS (INCLUDING RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER) SET FORTH IN THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE CORPORATION (A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE CORPORATION AND SHALL BE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE TO ANY STOCKHOLDER MAKING A REQUEST THEREFOR). 

Section 4.7       Fractions  .   The Common Stock may be issued and transferred in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder to exercise voting rights and to have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Common Stock.  Subject to the Restrictions, holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to transfer fractions thereof and the Corporation shall, and shall cause the Transfer Agent to, facilitate any such transfers, including by issuing certificates or making book entries representing any such fractional shares.  For all purposes of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, all references to Common Stock or any share thereof (whether in the singular or plural) shall be deemed to include references to any fraction of a share of Common Stock. 

ARTICLE V. 

The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares or other securities at least as many shares or other securities equal to the number of Common Units held by the members of CWGS LLC (other than the Corporation).   

ARTICLE VI. 

Section 6.1       Common Units and Common Stock Ratio  .  The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, undertake all actions, including, without limitation, a reclassification, dividend, division or recapitalization, with respect to: 

(a)      the shares of Class A Common Stock necessary to maintain at all times a one-to-one ratio between the number of Common Units owned by the Corporation and the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, disregarding, for purposes of maintaining the one-to-one ratio, (i) shares of Class A Common Stock issuable pursuant to awards granted under the Corporation s 2016 Incentive Award Plan (the    2016 Incentive Award Plan   ), and any other stock incentive plan adopted by the Corporation from time to time, that have not vested thereunder, (ii) treasury stock, or (iii) Preferred Stock or other debt or equity securities (including without limitation warrants, options and rights) issued by the Corporation that are convertible or exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock (except to the extent such securities have been converted, exercised or exchanged for Class A Common Stock and the net proceeds from such other securities, including without limitation any exercise or purchase price payable upon conversion, exercise or exchange thereof, has been contributed by the Corporation to the equity capital of the LLC). 

(b)      the shares of Class B Common Stock necessary to maintain at all times a one-to-one ratio between the number of Common Units owned by all Permitted Class B Owners  

8 

and the number of outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock owned by all Permitted Class B Owners.  

Section 6.2       Common Units and Common Stock Ratio upon a Stock Split  .  The Corporation shall not undertake or authorize any subdivision (by any stock split, stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization or similar event) or combination (by reverse stock split, reclassification, recapitalization or similar event) of (i) the Class A Common Stock that is not accompanied by an identical subdivision or combination of the Common Units to maintain at all times a one-to-one ratio between the number of Common Units owned by the Corporation and the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, unless such action is necessary to maintain at all times a one-to-one ratio between the number of Common Units owned by the Corporation and the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock; or (ii) the Class B Common Stock that is not accompanied by an identical subdivision or combination of the Common Units to maintain at all times, subject to the provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, a one-to-one ratio between the number of Common Units owned by all Permitted Class B Owners and the number of outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock owned by all Permitted Class B Owners, unless, such action is necessary to maintain at all times a one-to-one ratio between the number of Common Units owned by all Permitted Class B Owners and the number of outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock owned by all Permitted Class B Owners. 

Section 6.3       Common Units and Class A Common Stock Ratio upon a Sale or Repurchase  .  The Corporation shall not issue, transfer or deliver from treasury stock or repurchase shares of Class A Common Stock unless in connection with any such issuance, transfer, delivery or repurchase the Corporation takes or authorizes all requisite action such that, after giving effect to all such issuances, transfers, deliveries or repurchases, the number of Common Units owned by the Corporation will equal on a one-for-one basis the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, disregarding, for purposes of maintaining the one-to-one ratio, (i) shares of Class A Common Stock issuable pursuant to awards granted under the 2016 Incentive Award Plan, and any other stock incentive plan adopted by the Corporation from time to time, that have not vested thereunder, (ii) treasury stock or (iii) Preferred Stock or other debt or equity securities (including without limitation warrants, options and rights) issued by the Corporation that are convertible or exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock (except to the extent such securities have been converted, exercised or exchanged for Class A Common Stock and the net proceeds from such other securities, including without limitation any exercise or purchase price payable upon conversion, exercise or exchange thereof, has been contributed by the Corporation to the equity capital of the LLC). The Corporation shall not issue, transfer or deliver from treasury stock or repurchase or redeem shares of Preferred Stock unless in connection with any such issuance, transfer, delivery, repurchase or redemption the Corporation takes all requisite action such that, after giving effect to all such issuances, transfers, repurchases or redemptions, the Corporation holds (in the case of any issuance, transfer or delivery) or ceases to hold (in the case of any repurchase or redemption) equity interests in CWGS LLC which (in the good faith determination by the Board of Directors) are in the aggregate substantially equivalent in all respects to the outstanding Preferred Stock so issued, transferred, delivered, repurchased or redeemed. 

Section 6.4       Common Units and Class A Common Stock Ratio upon a Merger  .  Unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Permitted Class B Owners, the Corporation shall not consolidate, merge, combine or consummate any other transaction (other than an action or  

9 

transaction for which an adjustment is provided in one of the preceding paragraphs of this   Article VI   or in   Article IV  ) in which shares of Class A Common Stock are exchanged for or converted into other stock or securities, or the right to receive cash and/or any other property (a    Transaction   ), unless in connection with any such Transaction each Common Unit that is redeemable by the holder thereof pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement for, at the option of the Corporation, a share of Class A Common Stock or a cash payment, shall be entitled to be exchanged for or converted into (without duplication of any corresponding share of Class A Common Stock which the Corporation may elect to issue upon a redemption of such Common Unit by the holder thereof) the same kind and amount of stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Class A Common Stock is exchanged or converted (such stock or securities, cash and/or property shall be referred to herein as the    Consideration   ), to maintain at all times a one-to-one ratio between (x) the Consideration issuable in such Transaction in exchange for or conversion of one share of Class A Common Stock and (y) the Consideration issuable in such Transaction in exchange for or conversion of one Common Unit. 

ARTICLE VII. 

The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend and repeal the bylaws of the Corporation (the    Bylaws   ).   

ARTICLE VIII. 

Section 8.1       Ballot  . Elections of the directors comprising the Board of Directors (each such director, in such capacity, a    Director   ) need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws shall so provide. 

Section 8.2       Number and Terms of the Board of Directors  .  Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number of Directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors;   provided  , that for as long as the voting agreement, dated as of October 6, 2016, by and among the Corporation and the other Persons party thereto (the    Voting Agreement     )   is in effect, the number of Directors shall never be less than the aggregate number of Directors that the parties to the Voting Agreement are entitled to designate from time to time pursuant to Section 1 thereof. 

Section 8.3       Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies  .  Subject to Section 2(c) of the Voting Agreement with respect to the rights of certain parties to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors (but only to the extent the Voting Agreement remains in effect) and except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, unless the Board of Directors otherwise determines, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from the death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause shall be filled only by a majority vote of the Directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining Director entitled to vote thereon, and not by the stockholders.  Any Director so chosen shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such Director shall have been chosen and until his successor shall be elected and qualified. 

10 

Section 8.4       Removal for Cause  .  Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding and except as provided in Section 2(b) of the Voting Agreement, for as long as this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides for a staggered Board of Directors, any Director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed only for cause, at a meeting called for that purpose. 

Section 8.5       Staggered Board  .  At the Effective Time, the Directors shall be classified, with respect to the time for which they shall hold their respective offices, by dividing them into three (3) classes, with each Director then in office to be designated as a Class I Director, a Class II Director or a Class III Director, with each class to be apportioned as nearly equal in number as possible.  Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance to a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors.  The initial Class I Directors shall serve for a term expiring at the first annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation following the Effective Time; the initial Class II Directors shall serve for a term expiring at the second annual meeting of stockholders following the Effective Time; and the initial Class III Directors shall serve for a term expiring at the third annual meeting of stockholders following the Effective Time.  At each annual meeting of stockholders beginning with the first annual meeting of stockholders following the Effective Time, the successors of the class of Directors whose term expires at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the third annual meeting of stockholders to be held following their election, with each Director in each such class to hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, subject to such Director s earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with   Section 8.4   of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  The Board of Directors is authorized to assign each Director already in office at the Effective Time, as well as each Director elected or appointed to a newly created directorship due to an increase in the size of the Board of Directors, to Class I, Class II or Class III, provided that the class assignments of the initial CV Directors, the initial ML Directors and the initial ML RV Director (as such terms are defined in the Voting Agreement) shall be as set forth in Section 3 of the Voting Agreement.   

Section 8.6       Notice  .  Advance notice of stockholder nominations for election of Directors and other business to be brought by stockholders before a meeting of stockholders shall be given in the manner provided by the Bylaws. 

Section 8.7       Committees  .  To the extent required by the Voting Agreement, (i) each committee designated by the Board of Directors shall consist of no less than two (2) Directors, and (ii) the Board of Directors shall ensure, subject its fiduciary duties and the Voting Agreement, that the percentage of CV Directors and ML Directors (each as defined in the Voting Agreement) appointed to serve on any such committee matches, as nearly as practical, the percentage of CV Directors and ML Directors serving on the Board of Directors as a whole from time to time. 

ARTICLE IX. 

Any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, are signed by the holders of outstanding shares of the relevant class(es) or series of stock of the Corporation representing not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of stock of the Corporation then issued and outstanding (other than treasury  

11 

stock) entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or to an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded;   provided  ,    however  , that, subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock permitting the holders of such series of Preferred Stock to act by written consent, and except as provided in Section 6.4, after the date on which the ML Related Parties beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate less than twenty-seven and five-tenths percent (27.5%) of all Common Units issued and outstanding, any action required or permitted to be taken by stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the stockholders and may not be effected by written consent in lieu of a meeting. 

ARTICLE X. 

The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute and subject to obtaining any written approval(s) required under Section 4(b)(iv) of the Voting Agreement, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation;   provided  , that any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that gives holders of the Class B Common Stock and/or the Class C Common Stock (i) any rights to receive dividends or any other kind of distribution, (ii) any right to convert into or be exchanged for Class A Common Stock or (iii) any other economic rights shall, in addition to the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation, be effective only upon the affirmative vote of a majority of shares of Class A Common Stock voting separately as a class;   provided  ,    further  , that after the date on which the ML Related Parties beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate less than twenty-seven and five-tenths percent (27.5%) of all of the outstanding Common Units, the affirmative vote of the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock then outstanding representing sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) or more of the votes which all the holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock would be entitled to cast in any election of directors shall be required to amend, alter, change or repeal or to adopt any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  If any provision or provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each portion of any sentence of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

ARTICLE XI. 

The Corporation is authorized to indemnify, and to advance expenses to, each current, former or prospective Director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL.  To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, no Director shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary  

12 

damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director.  No amendment to, or modification or repeal of, this   Article XI   shall adversely affect any right or protection of a Director or of any officer, employee or agent of the Corporation existing hereunder with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such amendment, modification or repeal. 

ARTICLE XII. 

Section 12.1       Corporate Opportunity  . To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, (a) the Corporation hereby renounces all interest and expectancy that it otherwise would be entitled to have in, and all rights to be offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity that from time to time may be presented to (i) the Board of Directors or any Director, (ii) any stockholder, officer or agent of the Corporation, or (iii) any Affiliate of any person or entity identified in the preceding clause (i) or (ii), but in each case excluding any such person in its capacity as an employee or Director of the Corporation or its subsidiaries; (b) no stockholder and no Director, in each case, that is not an employee of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, will have any duty to refrain from (i) engaging in a corporate opportunity in the same or similar lines of business in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries from time to time is engaged or proposes to engage or (ii) otherwise competing, directly or indirectly, with the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries; and (c) if any stockholder or any Director, in each case, that is not an employee of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity both for such stockholder or such Director or any of their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and for the Corporation or its subsidiaries, on the other hand, such stockholder or Director shall have no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or business opportunity to the Corporation or its subsidiaries and such stockholder or Director may take any and all such transactions or opportunities for itself or offer such transactions or opportunities to any other person or entity.  The preceding sentence of this   Article XII   shall not apply to any potential transaction or business opportunity that is expressly offered to a Director or employee of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, solely in his or her capacity as a Director or employee of the Corporation or its subsidiaries.  

Section 12.2       Corporate Opportunity  . To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, no potential transaction or business opportunity may be deemed to be a corporate opportunity of the Corporation or its subsidiaries unless (a) the Corporation or its subsidiaries would be permitted to undertake such transaction or opportunity in accordance with this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, (b) the Corporation or its subsidiaries at such time have sufficient financial resources to undertake such transaction or opportunity (c) the Corporation or its subsidiaries have an interest or expectancy in such transaction or opportunity and (d) such transaction or opportunity would be in the same or similar line of business in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries are then engaged or a line of business that is reasonably related to, or a reasonable extension of, such line of business. 

Section 12.3       Liability  .  No stockholder and no Director will be liable to the Corporation or its subsidiaries or stockholders for breach of any duty (contractual or otherwise) solely by reason of any activities or omissions of the types referred to in this   Article XII  , except to the extent such actions or omissions are in breach of this   Article XII  . 

13 

ARTICLE XIII. 

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the    Court of Chancery   ) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any Director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any Person purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this   Article XIII  . 

ARTICLE XIV. 

Section 14.1        Section 203 of the DGCL  . The Corporation expressly elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL and the restrictions and limitations set forth therein.  

Section 14.2        Interested Stockholder Transactions.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Corporation shall not engage in any Business Combination (as defined below) at any point in time at which the Corporation s Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with any Interested Stockholder (as defined below) for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an Interested Stockholder, unless:  

(a)        prior to such time, the Board of Directors approved either the Business Combination or the transaction which resulted in such stockholder becoming an Interested Stockholder; or  

(b)        at or subsequent to such time the Business Combination is approved by the Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation which is not owned by such Interested Stockholder.   

Section 14.3        Definitions  .  As used in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the following terms shall have the following meaning: 

(a)           Affiliate    means a Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, another Person;  

(b)           Associate  ,  when used to indicate a relationship with any person, means: (i) any corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity of which such person is a director, officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the owner of 20% or more of any class of shares of voting stock of the Corporation; (ii) any trust or other estate in which such person has at least a 20% beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (iii) any relative or spouse of such person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same residence as such person. 

14 

(c)           Business Combination    means (i) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation with the Interested Stockholder or (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions), except proportionately as a stockholder of the Corporation, to or with the Interested Stockholder, whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Corporation or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which assets have an aggregate market value equal to ten percent (10%) or more of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the Corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation. 

(d)           Control  ,  including the terms    controlling  ,     controlled by    and    under common control with  ,  means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of stock or other equity interests, by contract or otherwise.  

(e)           Interested Stockholder    means any Person (other than the Corporation and any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) that (i) is the owner of fifteen percent (15%) or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are entitled to vote, or (ii) is an Affiliate of the Corporation and was the owner of fifteen percent (15%) or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are entitled to vote at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such Person is an Interested Stockholder, and the Affiliates and Associates of such Person. Notwithstanding anything in this   Article XIV   to the contrary, the term    Interested Stockholder    shall not include: (x) ML Related Parties or any of their Affiliates or Associates, (y) Crestview Holders or any of their Affiliates or Associates, including any investment funds managed, directly or indirectly, by Crestview or any other Person with whom any of the foregoing are acting as a group or in concert for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of shares of capital stock of the Corporation, or (z) any Person who acquires voting stock of the Corporation directly from an ML Related Party or a Crestview Holder or any of their respective Affiliates, and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Person who acquires voting stock of the Corporation through a broker s transaction executed on any securities exchange or other over-the-counter market or pursuant to an underwritten public offering. 

(f)           Person    means any individual, corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity. 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed on this October 6, 2016. 

CAMPING WORLD HOLDINGS, INC.  

By:  

/s/ Brent L. Moody  

Name:  

Brent L. Moody  

Title:  

Chief Operating and Legal Officer  

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 cwh-20160930ex325d26ea3.htm
 EX-3.2

cwh_Ex3_2

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

OF 

CAMPING WORLD HOLDINGS, INC. 

Dated as of October 6, 2016 

CONTENTS 

ii 

ARTICLE I. 

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 1.01       Place of Meetings  .  Meetings of stockholders of Camping World Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Corporation    and such stockholders, the    Stockholders   ), may be held at any place, within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated by the board of directors of the Corporation (the    Board of Directors   ).  In the absence of such designation, meetings of Stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.  The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of Stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication authorized by and in accordance with Section 211(a) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

Section 1.02       Annual Meetings  .  The annual meeting of Stockholders shall be held for the election of directors at such date and time as may be designated by resolution of the Board of Directors from time to time.  Any other business as may be properly brought before the annual meeting may be transacted at the annual meeting.  The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of Stockholders previously scheduled by the Board of Directors. 

Section 1.03       Special Meetings  .  Special meetings of Stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called only by the majority of the Board of Directors or the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation (   Stock   ) for as long as the ML Related Parties (as defined in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation effective as of October 6, 2016 (as the same may be further amended, restated, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Certificate of Incorporation   )) beneficially own, directly or indirectly, twenty-seven and five-tenths percent (27.5%) or more of all Common Units (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) issued and outstanding, and only by the majority of the Board of Directors if the ML Related Parties beneficially own, directly or indirectly, less than twenty-seven and-five tenths percent (27.5%) of all Common Units issued and outstanding.  Special meetings validly called in accordance with this Section 1.03 of these amended and restated bylaws adopted by the Board of Directors as of October 6, 2016 (as the same may be further amended, restated, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, these    Bylaws   ) may be held at such date and time as specified in the applicable notice.  Business transacted at any special meeting of Stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.  The Corporation may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of Stockholders previously scheduled by the chairperson of the Board of Directors (the    Chairperson   ) or Board of Directors. 

Section 1.04       Notice of Meetings  .  Whenever Stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given that shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which Stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the Stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for Stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting) and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.  Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the notice of any meeting shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each Stockholder  

entitled to vote at the meeting as of the record date for determining the Stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting.  If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the Stockholder at such Stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation.   

Section 1.05       Adjournments  .  Any meeting of Stockholders, annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time by the chairperson of the meeting (or by the Stockholders in accordance with Section 1.06) to reconvene at the same or some other place, if any, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken.  At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting.  If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each Stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.  If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of Stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix the record date for determining Stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting as provided in Section 1.09(a) of these Bylaws, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each Stockholder of record as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting.  If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the Stockholder at such Stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. 

Section 1.06       Quorum  .  Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, at each meeting of Stockholders the presence or participation in person or by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy of the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of Stock entitled to vote at the meeting shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.  In the absence of a quorum, then either (i) the chairperson of the meeting or (ii) a majority in voting power of the Stockholders entitled to vote thereon, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided in Section 1.05 of these Bylaws until a quorum is present or represented.  Shares of Stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes;   provided, however  , that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation to vote shares of Stock held by it in a fiduciary capacity. Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series of capital stock is required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote on such matter, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to the vote on such matter.  A quorum, once established at a meeting, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. 

Section 1.07       Organization  .  Meetings of Stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairperson or by the person whom the Chairperson shall appoint, or in the absence of such person or such appointment, by any Vice Chairperson, if any, or in his or her absence by the Chief Executive Officer, or in his or her absence, by a person designated by the Board of Directors, or  

2 

in the absence of such designation by a chairperson chosen at the meeting by vote of a majority of the Stockholders present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting (provided there is a quorum).  The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 

Section 1.08       Voting; Proxies  .  Each Stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting of Stockholders shall be entitled to the number of votes, if any, for each share of Stock held of record by such Stockholder which has voting power upon the matter in question that is set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation.  Each Stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of Stockholders or express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting (if permitted by the Certificate of Incorporation) may authorize another person or persons to act for such Stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period.  A proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power.  A Stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person (or by means remote communication, if applicable) or by delivering to the Secretary a revocation of the proxy or a new proxy bearing a later date.  Voting at meetings of Stockholders need not be by written ballot.  Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, at all meetings of Stockholders for the election of directors at which a quorum is present a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect directors.  All other elections and questions presented to the Stockholders at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of Stock which are present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, unless a different or minimum vote is required by the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or applicable law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities in which case such different or minimum vote shall be the applicable vote on the matter. 

Section 1.09       Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record  . 

(a)        In order that the Corporation may determine the Stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of Stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting.  If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the Stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination.  If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining Stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of Stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held.  A determination of Stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of Stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting;   provided, however  , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of Stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for Stockholders entitled to  

3 

notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of Stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting. 

(b)       In order that the Corporation may determine the Stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of Stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such action.  If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining Stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

(c)       Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, in order that the Corporation may determine the Stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors.  If no record date for determining Stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting is fixed by the Board of Directors, (i) when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the record date for such purpose shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation (or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of Stockholders are recorded) in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the record date for such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 

Section 1.10       List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote  .  The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of Stockholders, a complete list of the Stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (  provided, however  , if the record date for determining the Stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the Stockholders entitled to vote as of a date that is no more than ten (10) days before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each Stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each Stockholder as of the record date (or such other date).  Such list shall be open to the examination of any Stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network,   provided   that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of meeting or (ii) during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation.  If the meeting is to be held at a place, then a list of Stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be examined by any Stockholder who is present.  If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any Stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting.  Except as otherwise  

4 

provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the Stockholders entitled to examine the list of Stockholders required by this Section 1.10 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of Stockholders. 

Section 1.11       Action by Written Consent of Stockholders  .  Any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, are signed by the holders of outstanding shares of the relevant class(es) or series of stock of the Corporation representing not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of stock of the Corporation then issued and outstanding (other than treasury stock) entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or to an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded;   provided, however  , that, subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share of the Corporation (   Preferred Stock   ) permitting the holders of such series of Preferred Stock to act by written consent, and except as otherwise provided in Section 6.4 of the Certificate of Incorporation, after the date on which the ML Related Parties beneficially own, directly or indirectly, less than twenty-seven and five-tenths percent (27.5%) of all Common Units issued and outstanding, any action required or permitted to be taken by stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the stockholders and may not be effected by written consent in lieu of a meeting. 

Section 1.12       Inspectors of Election  .  The Corporation may, and shall if required by law, in advance of any meeting of Stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election, who may be employees of the Corporation, to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof and to make a written report thereof.  The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act.  In the event that no inspector so appointed or designated is able to act at a meeting of Stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting.  Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath to execute faithfully the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability.  The inspector or inspectors so appointed or designated shall (i) ascertain the number of shares of Stock outstanding and the voting power of each such share, (ii) determine the shares of Stock represented at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (iii) count all votes and ballots, (iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors, and (v) certify their determination of the number of shares of Stock represented at the meeting and such inspectors  count of all votes and ballots. Such certification and report shall specify such other information as may be required by law.  In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots cast at any meeting of Stockholders, the inspectors may consider such information as is permitted by applicable law.  No person who is a candidate for an office at an election may serve as an inspector at such election. 

Section 1.13       Conduct of Meetings  .  The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the Stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the person presiding over the meeting.  After the polls close, no ballots, proxies  

5 

or votes or any revocations or changes thereto may be accepted. The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of Stockholders as it shall deem appropriate.  Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the person presiding over any meeting of Stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and/or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such presiding person, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting.  Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the presiding person of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to Stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the presiding person of the meeting shall determine; (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants.  The presiding person at any meeting of Stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter or business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such presiding person should so determine, such presiding person shall so declare to the meeting and any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered.  Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the person presiding over the meeting, meetings of Stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.  

Section 1.14       Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations  . 

(a)         Annual Meetings of Stockholders  . 

(i)       Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the Stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of Stockholders only (A) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto), (B) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or the nominating and corporate governance committee thereof, (C) by or at the direction of any party to that certain voting agreement, dated as of October 6, 2016, by and among the Corporation and the other persons party thereto (as may be amended from time to time, the    Voting Agreement   ), provided the Voting Agreement remains in effect and only to the extent permitted by, and subject to any limitations set forth in, Section 1 and Section 2 thereof, or (D) by any Stockholder who was a Stockholder of record at the time the notice provided for in this Section 1.14 is delivered to the Secretary, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.14. 

(ii)      For any nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a Stockholder pursuant to Section 1.14(a)(i)(C) of these Bylaws, the Stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary and any such proposed business (other than the nominations of persons for election to the Board of  

6 

Directors) must constitute a proper matter for Stockholder action.  To be timely, a Stockholder s notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day, nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting;   provided, however  , that (x) in the case of the first annual meeting following the closing of the Corporation s initial public offering or (y) in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than seventy (70) days after such anniversary date, in each case, notice by the Stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation).  In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Stockholder s notice as described above.  To be in proper form, such Stockholder s notice must: 

(A)  as to each person whom the Stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director of the Corporation, set forth (I) as to each proposed nominee (1) such person s name, age, business address and, if known, residence address, (2) such person s principal occupation or employment, (3) the class and series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned, beneficially or of record, by such person, (4) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among (x) the Stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made and the respective affiliates and associates of, or others acting in concert with, such Stockholder and such beneficial owner, on the one hand, and (y) each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert with such nominee(s), on the other hand, including all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K if the Stockholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made or any affiliate or associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith were the  registrant  for purposes of such Item and the proposed nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant, (II) all other information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    Exchange Act   ), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and (III) such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director of the Corporation if elected; 

7 

(B)  with respect to each nominee for election or reelection to the Board of Directors, include the completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Section 1.15 of these Bylaws; 

(C)  as to any other business that the Stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, set forth a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such Stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and 

(D)  as to the Stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, set forth (I) the name and address of such Stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s books, and of such beneficial owner, (II) the class or series and number of shares of Stock which are owned beneficially and of record by such Stockholder and such beneficial owner, (III) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the nomination or proposal between or among such Stockholder and/or such beneficial owner, any of their respective affiliates or associates, and any others acting in concert with any of the foregoing, including, in the case of a nomination, the nominee, (IV) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into as of the date of the Stockholder s notice by, or on behalf of, such Stockholder and such beneficial owners, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in underlying shares of Stock, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such Stockholder or such beneficial owner, with respect to securities of the Corporation, (V) a representation that the Stockholder is a holder of record of Stock entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person (or by means of remote communication, if applicable) or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination, (VI) a representation whether the Stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (x) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of outstanding Stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee and/or (y) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from Stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination, and (VII) any other information relating to such Stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of directors in an election contest pursuant  

8 

to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

The foregoing notice requirements of this Section 1.14(a) shall be deemed satisfied by a Stockholder with respect to business other than a nomination for election as a director of the Corporation if the Stockholder has notified the Corporation of his, her or its intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and such Stockholder s proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting.  The Corporation may require any proposed nominee for election as a director of the Corporation to furnish such other information as the Corporation may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation. A Stockholder shall not have complied with this Section 1.14(a)(ii) if the Stockholder (or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made) solicits or does not solicit, as the case may be, proxies or votes in support of such Stockholder's nominee in contravention of the representations with respect thereto required by this Section 1.14(a)(ii). 

(iii)       Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of Section 1.14(a)(ii) of these Bylaws to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting is increased effective after the time period for which nominations would otherwise be due under Section 1.14(a)(ii) of these Bylaws and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships at least one hundred (100) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a Stockholder s notice required by this Section 1.14 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 

(b)         Special Meetings of Stockholders  .  Except to the extent required by law, special meetings of Stockholders may be called only in accordance with Section 1.03 of these Bylaws.  Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of Stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting.  Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of Stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting (1) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or the nominating and corporate governance committee thereof or (2) provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any Stockholder who is a Stockholder of record at the time the notice provided for in this Section 1.14 is delivered to the Secretary, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and upon such election and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.14.  In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of Stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors, any such Stockholder entitled to vote in such election of directors may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the Stockholder delivers a notice that includes all of the information required by Section 1.14(a)(ii) of these Bylaws (including the completed and  

9 

signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Section 1.15 of these Bylaws and any other information, documents, affidavits, or certifications required by the Corporation)  to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting.  In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a special meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Stockholder s notice as described above. 

(c)         General  . 

(i)       Except as otherwise expressly provided in any applicable rule or regulation promulgated under the Exchange Act, only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.14 shall be eligible to be elected at an annual or special meeting of Stockholders to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of Stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.14.  Except as otherwise provided by law, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the power and duty (A) to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.14 (including whether the Stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made or solicited (or is part of a group which solicited) or did not so solicit, as the case may be, proxies or votes in support of such Stockholder s nominee or proposal in compliance with such Stockholder s representation as required by Section 1.14(a)(ii)(D)(VI) of these Bylaws) and (B) if any proposed nomination or business was not made or proposed in compliance with this Section 1.14, to declare that such nomination shall be disregarded or that such proposed business shall not be transacted.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.14, unless otherwise required by law, if the Stockholder (or a qualified representative of the Stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of Stockholders to present a nomination or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation.  For purposes of this Section 1.14, to be considered a qualified representative of the Stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such Stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such Stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such Stockholder to act for such Stockholder as proxy at the meeting of Stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of Stockholders. 

(ii)       For purposes of this Section 1.14,    public announcement    shall include disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or other national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the  

10 

Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(iii)       Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.14, a Stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 1.14;   provided, however  , that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit any requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to this Section 1.14 (including clause (a)(i)(C) hereof and clause (b) hereof), and compliance with clauses (a)(i)(C) and (b) of this Section 1.14 shall be the exclusive means for a Stockholder to make nominations or submit other business (other than, as provided in the penultimate sentence of clause (a)(ii) hereof, business other than nominations brought properly under and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act, as may be amended from time to time).  Nothing in this Section 1.14 shall be deemed to affect any rights (x) of Stockholders to request inclusion of proposals or nominations in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act or (y) of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. Except as otherwise required by law, nothing in this Section 1.14 shall obligate the Corporation or the Board of Directors to include in any proxy statement or other stockholder communication distributed on behalf of the Corporation or the Board of Directors information with respect to any nominee for director or any proposal submitted by a stockholder.  

Section 1.15       Submission of Questionnaire, Representation and Agreement  . To be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a director of the Corporation, the candidate for nomination must have previously delivered (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 1.14 of these Bylaws), to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, (a) a completed written questionnaire (in a form provided by the Corporation) with respect to the background, qualifications, stock ownership and independence of such proposed nominee and (b) a written representation and agreement (in form provided by the Corporation) that such candidate for nomination (i) is not and, if elected as a director during his or her term of office, will not become a party to (A) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given and will not give any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a    Voting Commitment   ) or (B) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such proposed nominee s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such proposed nominee s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (ii) is not, and will not become a party to, any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation or reimbursement for service as a director and (iii) if elected as a director of the Corporation, will comply with all applicable corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality, stock ownership and trading and other policies and guidelines of the Corporation applicable to directors and in effect during such person s term in office as a director of the Corporation (and, if requested by any candidate  

11 

for nomination, the Secretary shall provide to such candidate for nomination all such policies and guidelines then in effect). 

ARTICLE II.       

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Section 2.01       Number; Tenure; Qualifications  .  Subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors and the Voting Agreement, the total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors.  The directors shall be classified in the manner provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. Each director shall hold office until such time as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation.  Directors need not be Stockholders. 

Section 2.02       Election; Resignation; Removal; Vacancies  .  Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of Stockholders by such Stockholders as have the right to vote on such election.  Any director may resign at any time upon written or electronic notice to the Corporation.  Such resignation shall be effective upon delivery unless it is specified to be effective at some later time or upon the happening of some later event.  Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock, directors of the Corporation may be removed only as expressly provided in the Certificate of Incorporation.  Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, unless the Board of Directors otherwise determines, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from the death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause shall be filled only by a majority vote of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director entitled to vote thereon, and not by the Stockholders.  Any director so chosen shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such director shall have been chosen and until his successor shall be elected and qualified. 

Section 2.03       Regular Meetings  .  Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such places, if any, within or without the State of Delaware and at such times as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine; provided that any director who is absent when such a determination is made shall be given notice of the determination. 

Section 2.04       Special Meetings  .  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware whenever called by the Chairperson, the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the authorized number of directors. Notice to directors of the date, place and time of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given to each director by the Secretary or by the officer or one of the directors calling the meeting. Notice may be given in person, by mail or by e-mail, telephone, telecopier or other means of electronic transmission. If the notice is delivered in person, by e-mail, telephone, telecopier or other means of electronic transmission, it shall be delivered or sent at least twenty-four (24) hours before the time of holding of the meeting. If the notice is sent by mail, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four (4) days before the time of the holding of the meeting.  

12 

Section 2.05       Telephonic Meetings Permitted  .  Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting thereof by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 2.05 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

Section 2.06       Quorum; Vote Required for Action  .  At all meetings of the Board of Directors a majority of the number of directors fixed by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 2.01 shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business;   provided   that, solely for the purposes of filling vacancies pursuant to Section 2.02 of these Bylaws, a meeting of the Board of Directors may be held if a majority of the directors then in office participate in such meeting.  Except in cases in which the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or applicable law otherwise provides, a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the directors present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 

Section 2.07       Organization  .  Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairperson, or in his or her absence by the person whom the Chairperson shall appoint, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairperson chosen at the meeting by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at the meeting.  The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 

Section 2.08       Action by Unanimous Consent of Directors  .  Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or such committee in accordance with applicable law. 

Section 2.09       Compensation of Directors  .  Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors.  The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary or other compensation as a director.  No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.  Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.  Any director of the Corporation may decline any or all such compensation payable to such director in his or her discretion. 

ARTICLE III.       

COMMITTEES 

Section 3.01       Committees  .  The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation.  The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee,  

13 

who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of such committee.  In the absence or disqualification of a member of any committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member.  Any such committee, to the extent permitted by law and to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, or the resolution of the Board of Directors designating the committee, a committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee.  Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, or the resolution of the Board of Directors designating the committee (or resolution of the committee designating the subcommittee, if applicable), a majority of the directors then serving on a committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the vote of a majority of the members of the committee or subcommittee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the committee or subcommittee. 

Section 3.02       Committee Rules  .  Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board of Directors may make, alter and repeal rules for the conduct of its business.  In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board of Directors conducts its business pursuant to Article II of these Bylaws. 

ARTICLE IV.       

OFFICERS 

Section 4.01       Officers  .  The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a chief executive officer (the    Chief Executive Officer   ), a chief financial officer (the    Chief Financial Officer   ), a chief operating and legal officer (the    Chief Operating and Legal Officer   ), one or more vice presidents (each, a    Vice President   ), a Secretary (the    Secretary   ), a treasurer (the    Treasurer   ), a controller (the    Controller   ) and such other officers with such other titles as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, including a Chairperson, each of whom shall be appointed by the Board of Directors, each to have such authority, functions or duties as set forth in these Bylaws or as determined by the Board of Directors.  Subject to obtaining any written approval(s) under Section 4(a) of the Voting Agreement in connection with the appointment of the chief executive officer of the Corporation, each officer shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall hold office for such term as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors and until such person s successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified, or until such person s earlier death, disqualification, resignation or removal.  The Board of Directors, in its discretion, from time to time may determine not to appoint one or more of the officers identified in the first sentence of this Section 4.01 or to leave such officer position vacant.  Any number of offices may be held by the same person. 

14 

Section 4.02       Removal, Resignation and Vacancies  .  Any officer of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors, without prejudice to the rights, if any, of such officer under any contract to which it is a party.  Any officer may resign at any time upon written or electronic notice to the Corporation, without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which such officer is a party.  If any vacancy occurs in any office of the Corporation, the Board of Directors may appoint a successor to fill such vacancy for the remainder of the unexpired term and until a successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until such officer s earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. 

Section 4.03       Chairperson  .  The Board of Directors may appoint from its members a Chairperson of the Board of Directors, and as such shall be deemed an officer of the Corporation.  The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, from time to time appoint one or more vice chairpersons (each, a    Vice Chairperson   ) each of whom as such shall be deemed an officer of the Corporation and shall report directly to the Chairperson. 

Section 4.04       Chief Executive Officer  .  The Chief Executive Officer shall have general supervision and direction of the business and affairs of the Corporation, shall be responsible for corporate policy and strategy, and shall report directly to the Board of Directors.  Unless otherwise provided in these Bylaws, all other officers of the Corporation shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer or as otherwise determined by the Chief Executive Officer.  The Chief Executive Officer shall, if present and in the absence of the Chairperson or any Vice Chairperson, preside at meetings of the Stockholders and of the Board of Directors. 

Section 4.05       Chief Financial Officer  .  The Chief Financial Officer shall exercise all the powers and perform the duties of the office of the chief financial officer and in general have overall supervision of the financial operations of the Corporation.  The Chief Financial Officer shall, when requested, counsel with and advise the other officers of the Corporation and shall perform such other duties as such officer may agree with the Chief Executive Officer or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 

Section 4.06       Chief Operating and Legal Officer  .  The Chief Operating and Legal Officer shall exercise all the powers and perform the duties of the office of the chief operating officer and shall be responsible for the management and control of the operations of the Corporation.  The Chief Operating and Legal Officer shall have the power to affix the signature of the Corporation to all contracts that have been authorized by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer.  Chief Operating and Legal Officer shall, when requested, counsel with and advise the other officers of the Corporation and shall perform such other duties as such officer may agree with the Chief Executive Officer or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 

Section 4.07       Vice Presidents  .  The Vice President shall have such powers and duties as shall be prescribed by his or her superior officer or the Chief Executive Officer.  A Vice President shall, when requested, counsel with and advise the other officers of the Corporation and shall perform such other duties as such officer may agree with the Chief Executive Officer or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.  In accordance with Sections 4.01 and 4.12 of these Bylaws, the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer and/or the Chief Financial Officer may, in his, her or their discretion, from time to time appoint one or more executive vice  

15 

presidents of the Corporation (each, an    Executive Vice President   ) and/or assistant vice presidents of the Corporation (each, an    Assistant Vice President   ). 

Section 4.08       Treasurer  .  The Treasurer shall supervise and be responsible for all the funds and securities of the Corporation, the deposit of all moneys and other valuables to the credit of the Corporation in depositories of the Corporation, borrowings and compliance with the provisions of all indentures, agreements and instruments governing such borrowings to which the Corporation is a party, the disbursement of funds of the Corporation and the investment of its funds, and in general shall perform all of the duties incident to the office of the Treasurer.  The Treasurer shall report to the Chief Financial Officer and, when requested, counsel with and advise the other officers of the Corporation and shall perform such other duties as such officer may agree with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. In accordance with Sections 4.01 and 4.12 of these Bylaws, the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and/or Chief Operating and Legal Officer may, in his, her or their discretion, from time to time appoint one or more assistant treasurers of the Corporation (each, an    Assistant Treasurer   ). 

Section 4.09       Controller  .  The Controller shall report to the Chief Financial Officer and, when requested, counsel with and advise the other officers of the Corporation and shall perform such other duties as such officer may agree with the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 

Section 4.10       Secretary  .  The powers and duties of the Secretary are:  (i) to act as Secretary at all meetings of the Board of Directors, of the committees of the Board of Directors and of the Stockholders and to record the proceedings of such meetings in a book or books to be kept for that purpose; (ii) to see that all notices required to be given by the Corporation are duly given and served; (iii) to act as custodian of the seal of the Corporation and affix the seal or cause it to be affixed to all certificates of Stock and to all documents, the execution of which on behalf of the Corporation under its seal is duly authorized in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws; (iv) to have charge of the books, records and papers of the Corporation and see that the reports, statements and other documents required by law to be kept and filed are properly kept and filed; and (v) to perform all of the duties incident to the office of Secretary.  The Secretary shall, when requested, counsel with and advise the other officers of the Corporation and shall perform such other duties as such officer may agree with the Chief Executive Officer or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.  In accordance with Sections 4.01 and 4.12 of these Bylaws, the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and/or Chief Operating and Legal Officer may, in his, her or their discretion, from time to time appoint one or more assistant secretaries of the Corporation (each, an    Assistant Secretary   ). 

Section 4.11       Appointing Attorneys and Agents; Voting Securities of Other Entities  .  Unless otherwise provided by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors, the Chairperson, any Vice Chairperson, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the Chief Operating and Legal Officer may from time to time appoint an attorney or attorneys or agent or agents of the Corporation, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to (a) cast the votes which the Corporation may be entitled to cast as the holder of stock or other securities in any other corporation or other entity, any of whose stock or other securities may be held by the Corporation,  

16 

at meetings of the holders of the stock or other securities of such other corporation or other entity, or to consent in writing, in the name of the Corporation as such holder, to any action by such other corporation or other entity, and may instruct the person or persons so appointed as to the manner of casting such votes or giving such consents, and may execute or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate seal or otherwise, all such written proxies or other instruments as he or she may deem necessary or proper and (b) exercise the rights of the Corporation in its capacity as a general partner of a partnership or in its capacity as a managing member of a limited liability company as to which the Corporation, in such capacity, is entitled to exercise pursuant to the applicable partnership agreement or limited liability company operating agreement, including without limitation to take or refrain from taking any action, or to consent in writing, in each case in the name of the Corporation as such general partner or managing member, to any action by such partnership or limited liability company, and may instruct the person or persons so appointed as to the manner of taking such actions or giving such consents, and may execute or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate seal or otherwise, all such written proxies or other instruments as he or she may deem necessary or proper.  Unless otherwise provided by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors, any of the rights set forth in this Section 4.11 which may be delegated to an attorney or agent may also be exercised directly by the Chairperson, a Vice Chairperson, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the Chief Operating and Legal Officer. 

Section 4.12       Additional Matters  .  The Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Operating and Legal Officer shall have the authority to designate employees of the Corporation to have the title of Executive Vice President, Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Assistant Treasurer or Assistant Secretary.  Any employee so designated shall have the powers and duties determined by the officer making such designation.  A person designated as an Executive Vice President, Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Assistant Treasurer or Assistant Secretary shall not be deemed to be an officer of the Corporation for the purposes of Article VI of these Bylaws unless the Board of Directors has adopted a resolution approving such person in such capacity as an officer of the Corporation (including by means of direct appointment by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 4.01 of these Bylaws). 

ARTICLE V.       

STOCK 

Section 5.01       Certificates  .  The shares of Stock shall be represented by certificates,   provided   that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of Stock shall be uncertificated shares.  Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation.  Every holder of Stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate, in such form as may be prescribed by law and by the Board of Directors, representing the number of shares held by such holder registered in certificate form. Each such certificate shall be signed in a manner that complies with Section 158 of the DGCL. 

Section 5.02       Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates; Issuance of New Certificates  .  The Corporation may issue a new certificate for shares of Stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may  

17 

require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner s legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. 

ARTICLE VI.       

INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES 

Section 6.01       Right to Indemnification  .  The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (including  as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended), any person (a    Covered Person   ) who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (any such action, suit or proceeding, a    proceeding   ), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys  fees) reasonably incurred by such Covered Person.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 6.03 of these Bylaws, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a Covered Person in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such Covered Person only if the commencement of such proceeding (or part thereof) by the Covered Person was authorized in the specific case by the Board of Directors. 

Section 6.02       Advancement of Expenses  .  The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys  fees) incurred by a Covered Person in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition,   provided, however  , that, to the extent required by law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Covered Person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VI or otherwise. 

Section 6.03       Claims  .  If a claim for indemnification under this Article VI (following the final disposition of such proceeding) is not paid in full within sixty (60) days after the Corporation has received a claim therefor by the Covered Person, or if a claim for any advancement of expenses under this Article VI is not paid in full within thirty (30) days after the Corporation has received a statement or statements requesting such amounts to be advanced, the Covered Person shall thereupon (but not before) be entitled to file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim.  If successful in whole or in part, the Covered Person shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law.  In any such action, the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law. 

Section 6.04       Non-exclusivity of Rights  .  The rights conferred on any Covered Person by this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such Covered Person may have or  

18 

hereafter acquires under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of Stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 

Section 6.05       Other Sources  .  The Corporation s obligation, if any, to indemnify or to advance expenses to any Covered Person who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity shall be reduced by any amount such Covered Person may collect as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit enterprise. 

Section 6.06       Amendment or Repeal  .  Any right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses of any Covered Person arising hereunder shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to or repeal of these Bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought. 

Section 6.07       Other Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses  .  This Article VI shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Covered Persons when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action. 

ARTICLE VII.       

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 7.01       Fiscal Year  .  The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section 7.02       Seal  .  The corporate seal shall have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

Section 7.03       Manner of Notice  .   

(a)         Notice by Electronic Transmission  .  Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to Stockholders pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any notice to Stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the Stockholder to whom the notice is given.  Any such consent shall be revocable by the Stockholder by written notice to the Corporation.  Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (a) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two (2) consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent; and (b) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice.  However, the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. 

Any notice given pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall be deemed given (a) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the Stockholder has consented  

19 

to receive notice;  (b) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the Stockholder has consented to receive notice;  (c) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the Stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (i) such posting and (ii) the giving of such separate notice; and  (d) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the Stockholder.   

An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.  

For the purposes of these Bylaws, an  electronic transmission  means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process. 

(b)         Notice to Stockholders Sharing an Address  .  Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to Stockholders, and except as prohibited by applicable law, any notice to Stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to Stockholders who share an address if consented to by the Stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given.  Any such consent shall be revocable by the Stockholder by written notice to the Corporation.  Any Stockholder who fails to object in writing to the Corporation, within sixty (60) days of having been given written notice by the Corporation of its intention to send the single notice permitted under this Section 7.03, shall be deemed to have consented to receiving such single written notice.   

Section 7.04       Waiver of Notice of Meetings of Stockholders, Directors and Committees  .  Any waiver of notice, given by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice.  Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.  Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Stockholders, Board of Directors, or members of a committee or subcommittee of the Board of Directors need be specified in a waiver of notice. 

Section 7.05       Form of Records  .  Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account, and minute books, may be kept on, or by means of, or be in the form of, any information storage device or method, provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time. 

Section 7.06       Amendment of Bylaws  .  Subject to the Voting Agreement, these Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, and new bylaws made, only by the affirmative vote of (a) a majority of the Board of Directors or (b) Stockholders representing at least a majority of the votes eligible to be cast in an election of directors of the Corporation;   provided, however  , that after the date on which the ML Related Parties beneficially own, directly or indirectly, less than twenty-seven and five-tenths percent (27.5%) of all Common Units issued and outstanding, these Bylaws  

20 

may be altered, amended or repealed, and new bylaws made, only by the affirmative vote of (a) a majority of the Board of Directors or (b) Stockholders representing at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66  2/3  %) of the votes eligible to be cast in an election of directors of the Corporation. 

*  *  * 

21 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 cwh-20160930ex1038f8588.htm
 EX-10.3

cwh_Ex10_3

Exhibit 10.3 

EXECUTION VERSION 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

November 8, 2016, 

among 

CWGS ENTERPRISES, LLC, 

as Holdings, 

CWGS GROUP, LLC, 

as Borrower, 

The Lenders Party Hereto 

and 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 

as Administrative Agent 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 

and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 

as Syndication Agent 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 

as Documentation Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

i 

ii 

iii 

SCHEDULES  :  

Schedule 2.01  

Commitments  

Schedule 3.06(a)  

Litigation  

Schedule 3.12  

Subsidiaries; Organizational Structure  

Schedule 6.01  

Existing Indebtedness  

Schedule 6.02  

Existing Liens  

Schedule 6.04(e)  

Existing Investments  

Schedule 6.08  

Existing Affiliate Transactions  

Schedule 6.09  

Existing Restrictions  

Schedule 9.01  

Notices  

EXHIBITS  :  

Exhibit A  

Form of Assignment and Assumption  

Exhibit B  

Form of Guarantee Agreement  

Exhibit C  

Form of Perfection Certificate  

Exhibit D  

Form of Collateral Agreement  

Exhibit E  

[Reserved]  

Exhibit F  

Form of Solvency Certificate  

Exhibit G  

[Reserved]  

Exhibit H  

Form of Closing Certificate  

Exhibit I  

Form of Intercompany Note  

Exhibit J  

Form of Specified Discount Prepayment Notice  

Exhibit K  

Form of Specified Discount Prepayment Response  

Exhibit L  

Form of Discount Range Prepayment Notice  

Exhibit M  

Form of Discount Range Prepayment Offer  

Exhibit N  

Form of Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice  

Exhibit O  

Form of Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer  

Exhibit P  

Form of Acceptance and Prepayment Notice  

Exhibit Q-1  

Form of Tax Status Certificate 1  

Exhibit Q-2  

Form of Tax Status Certificate 2  

Exhibit Q-3  

Form of Tax Status Certificate 3  

Exhibit Q-4  

Form of Tax Status Certificate 4  

Exhibit R  

Form of Borrowing Request  

Exhibit S  

Form of Prepayment Notice  

Exhibit T  

Form of Term Note  

Exhibit U  

Form of Revolving Note  

Exhibit V  

Form of Swingline Note  

iv 

CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of November 8, 2016 (this    Agreement   ), among CWGS Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the    Borrower   ), CWGS Enterprises, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (   Holdings   ), the Lenders party hereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 

The parties hereto agree as follows: 

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 

The Borrower has requested that (i) the Lenders extend credit to the Borrower in the form of Term Loans on the Effective Date in an initial aggregate principal amount of $645,000,000 to effect the Refinancing and to pay Transaction Costs, and (ii) the Revolving Lenders extend credit to the Borrower in the form of $35,000,000 in aggregate Revolving Commitments to fund working capital and for general corporate purposes, including permitted acquisitions and capital expenditures. 

The Lenders have indicated their willingness to lend on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.  In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01           Defined Terms  .  As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

ABR    when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

Acceptable Discount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Acceptable Prepayment Amount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Acceptance and Prepayment Notice    means an irrevocable written notice from the Borrower accepting a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer to make a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment at the Acceptable Discount specified therein pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D), substantially in the form of   Exhibit P  . 

Acceptance Date    has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Acquired EBITDA    means, with respect to any Acquired Entity or Business (any of the foregoing, a    Pro Forma Entity   ) for any period prior to such acquisition, the amount for such period of Consolidated EBITDA of such Pro Forma Entity (determined as if references to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the definition of the term  Consolidated EBITDA  were references to such Pro Forma Entity and its subsidiaries which will become Subsidiaries), all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Pro Forma Entity. 

Acquired Entity or Business    has the meaning given such term in the definition of  Consolidated EBITDA.  

1 

Additional Lender    means any Additional Revolving Lender or any Additional Term Lender, as applicable. 

Additional Notes    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(a)(xxiii). 

Additional Revolving Lender    means, at any time, any bank or other financial institution that agrees to provide any portion of any (a) Revolving Commitment Increase pursuant to an Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment in accordance with Section 2.20 or (b) Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment in accordance with Section 2.21;   provided   that each Additional Revolving Lender shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and, if such Additional Revolving Lender will provide an Incremental Revolving Loan, a Revolving Commitment Increase or any Other Revolving Commitment, each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender (such approval in each case not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and the Borrower. 

Additional Term Lender    means, at any time, any bank or other financial institution selected by the Borrower that agrees to provide any portion of any (a) Term Commitment Increase pursuant to an Incremental Term Facility Amendment in accordance with Section 2.20 or (b) Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment in accordance with Section 2.21;   provided   that each Additional Term Lender (other than any Person that is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender at such time) shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

Adjusted LIBO Rate    means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period   multiplied by   (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate applicable to Term Loans, the Adjusted LIBO Rate will be deemed to be 0.75% per annum if the Adjusted LIBO Rate calculated pursuant to the foregoing provisions would otherwise be less than 0.75% per annum. 

Administrative Agent    means Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Article VIII. 

Administrative Questionnaire    means an administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Affiliate    means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly or indirectly Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 

Affiliated Debt Funds    means any Affiliated Lender that is primarily engaged in, or advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course and with respect to which the Sponsor does not, directly or indirectly, possess the power to direct or cause the direction of the investment policies of such entity. 

Affiliated Lender    means, at any time, any Lender that is the Sponsor or an Affiliate of the Sponsor (other than CWH, Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective subsidiaries) at such time. 

Agent Parties    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(c). 

2 

Aggregate Revolving Exposure    means the sum of the Revolving Exposures of all the Revolving Lenders;   provided  , that for purposes of this definition, the Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender that is a Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude that portion of its Swingline Exposure that exceeds its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans. 

Agreement    has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. 

Agreement Currency    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.14(b). 

Alternate Base Rate    means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 1/2 of 1% and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate determined on such date (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) that would be applicable to a Eurodollar Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month (after giving effect to any LIBO Rate  floor ) plus 1%.  Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Rate, respectively.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Alternate Base Rate will be deemed to be 0.00% per annum if the Alternate Base Rate calculated pursuant to the foregoing provisions would otherwise be less than 0.00% per annum and (ii) solely with respect to the Alternate Base Rate applicable to Term Loans, the Alternate Base Rate will be deemed to be 1.75% per annum if the Alternate Base Rate calculated pursuant to the foregoing provisions would otherwise be less than 1.75% per annum. 

Anti-Corruption Laws    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.19. 

Applicable Account    means, with respect to any payment to be made to the Administrative Agent hereunder, the account specified by the Administrative Agent from time to time for the purpose of receiving payments of such type. 

Applicable Creditor    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.14(b). 

Applicable Discount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C). 

Applicable Percentage    means, at any time with respect to any Revolving Lender, the percentage of the aggregate Revolving Commitments represented by such Lender s Revolving Commitment at such time;   provided   that at any time any Revolving Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender,    Applicable Percentage    shall mean the percentage of the total Revolving Commitments (disregarding any such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment) represented by such Lender s Revolving Commitment.  If the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Revolving Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments pursuant to this Agreement and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 

Applicable Rate    means, for any day, (a) with respect to any Term Loan, (i) 2.75% per annum, in the case of an ABR Loan, or (ii) 3.75% per annum, in the case of a Eurocurrency Loan, and (b) with respect to any Revolving Loan, (x) until delivery of financial statements and the accompanying Compliance Certificate for the second full fiscal quarter commencing on or after the Effective Date, (1) 2.50% per annum, in the case of an ABR Loan, or (2) 3.50% per annum, in the case of a Eurocurrency Loan, and (y) thereafter, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Total Leverage Ratio (such  

3 

ratio to be set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01): 

Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate in respect of the Revolving Loans resulting from a change in the Total Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate indicating such change is delivered pursuant to Section 5.01;   provided  ,    however  , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then (a) the pricing theretofore in effect shall continue in effect until the earlier of the delivery of such Compliance Certificate and the sixth Business Day after such Compliance Certificate was to have been delivered, and (b) on and after such sixth Business Day, until the date on which such Compliance Certificate is delivered, Pricing Level 2 shall apply. 

Approved Bank    has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term  Permitted Investments.  

Approved Fund    means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

Arrangers    means Goldman Sachs Bank USA and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners. 

Assignment and Assumption    means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any Person whose consent is required by Section 9.04), substantially in the form of   Exhibit A   or any other form reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Auction Agent    means (a) the Administrative Agent or (b) any other financial institution or advisor employed by the Borrower (whether or not an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) to act as an arranger in connection with any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(ii);   provided   that the Borrower shall not designate the Administrative Agent as the Auction Agent without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to agree to act as the Auction Agent). 

Audited Financial Statements    means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its subsidiaries for the three-year period ended December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 

Available Amount    has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of  Available Amount Basket.  

Available Amount Basket    shall mean, on any date of determination, the sum of (a) the Initial Restricted Payment Amount   plus   (b) the net proceeds received by the Borrower in connection with the 

4 

issuance of, or contribution of cash in respect of existing, Qualified Equity Interests on or prior to such date (other than (1) Qualified Equity Interests issued in connection with a Cure Right and (2) intercompany equity issuances)   plus   (c) if the Total Leverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis as of the end of the most recent Test Period is not greater than 2.50 to 1.00, an amount equal to Cumulative Excess Cash Flow Not Otherwise Applied as of such date   minus   (d) the aggregate amount of the Available Amount Basket previously utilized pursuant to Sections 6.04(m)(ii), 6.07(a)(vi), 6.07(b)(iv) and the definition of the term  Non-Loan Party Investment Amount  (such amount after giving effect to clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d), the    Available Amount   ). 

Bail-In Action    means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation    means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

Bankruptcy Code    means Title 11 of the United State Code, as amended, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 

Board of Directors    means, with respect to any Person, (a) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such Person or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers  or board of governors or equivalent thereof of such Person, (c) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors or board of managers of the general partner of such Person and (d) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. 

Board of Governors    means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Borrower    has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. 

Borrower Materials    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01. 

Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment    means an offer by the Borrower to make a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a specified discount to par pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(ii)(B). 

Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers    means the solicitation by the Borrower of offers for, and the subsequent offer, if any, by a Term Lender, and acceptance by the Borrower of terms of, a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a specified range of a discount to par pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C). 

Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers    means the solicitation by the Borrower of offers for, and the subsequent offer, if any, by a Term Lender, and acceptance by the Borrower of terms of, a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a discount to par pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Borrowing    means (a) Loans of the same Class and Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, or (b) a Swingline Loan. 

5 

Borrowing Minimum    means (a) in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing, $250,000, (b) in the case of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, $250,000 and (c) in the case of a Swingline Loan, $100,000. 

Borrowing Multiple    means (a) in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing, $100,000, (b) in the case of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, $100,000 and (c) in the case of a Swingline Loan, $100,000. 

Borrowing Request    means a written request by the Borrower for a Borrowing, substantially in the form of   Exhibit R  , delivered in accordance with Section 2.03. 

Business Day    means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed;   provided   that when used in connection with a Eurocurrency Loan, the term  Business Day  shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in dollar deposits in the London interbank market. 

Capital Lease Obligations    of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.  For purposes of Section 6.02, a Capital Lease Obligation shall be deemed to be secured by a Lien on the property being leased and such property shall be deemed to be owned by the lessee. 

Capitalized Leases    means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases;   provided   that for all purposes hereunder the amount of obligations under any Capitalized Lease shall be the amount thereof accounted for as a liability in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Management Obligations    means obligations of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any overdraft or other liabilities arising from treasury, depositary and cash management services, any automated clearing house transfer of funds and commercial credit card, merchant card and other purchasing card services. 

Casualty Event    means any event that gives rise to the receipt by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon). 

CFC    means a  controlled foreign corporation  within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. 

CFC Holdco    means any Domestic Subsidiary that has no material assets other than Equity Interests of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs. 

Change in Control    means (a) the failure of Holdings to own, directly or indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries, beneficially and of record, all of the Equity Interests of the Borrower, (b) the failure of CWH to be the sole managing member of Holdings, (c) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the Effective Date), other than the Permitted Holders, of Equity Interests of CWH representing 35% or more of the aggregate voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in CWH if the percentage of the aggregate voting power so held is greater at any time than the percentage of the aggregate voting power represented by the Equity Interests  

6 

in CWH held by the Permitted Holders, or (d) the occurrence of a  Change of Control  (or similar event, however denominated), as defined in the documentation governing any Material Indebtedness or the Tax Receivable Agreement (to the extent the obligations of CWH thereunder are accelerated). 

Change in Law    means  (a) the adoption of any rule, regulation, treaty or other law after the Effective Date, (b) any change in any rule, regulation, treaty or other law or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Effective Date or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Effective Date;   provided   that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all rules, regulations, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case, pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  Change in Law,  regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

Claim    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(f). 

Class    when used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Incremental Revolving Loans, Other Revolving Loans, Term Loans, Other Term Loans or Swingline Loans, (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Revolving Commitment, Other Revolving Commitment, Term Commitment or Other Term Commitment and (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment with respect to a particular Class of Loans or Commitments.  Other Term Commitments, Other Term Loans, Other Revolving Commitments (and the Other Revolving Loans made pursuant thereto), Incremental Revolving Loans and term loans made pursuant to any Term Commitment Increase that have different terms and conditions shall be construed to be in different Classes. 

Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Collateral    means any and all assets, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, on which Liens are purported to be granted pursuant to the Security Documents as security for the Secured Obligations. 

Collateral Agreement    means the Collateral Agreement among Holdings, the Borrower, each other Loan Party and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of   Exhibit D  . 

Collateral and Guarantee Requirement    means, at any time, the requirement that: 

(a) 
			 the Administrative Agent shall have received from (i) Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) either (x) a counterpart of the Guarantee Agreement duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person or (y) in the case of any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the Effective Date (including by ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary), a supplement to the Guarantee Agreement, in the form specified therein, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person and (ii) Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Loan Party either (x) a counterpart of the Collateral Agreement duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person or (y) in the case of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary Loan Party after the Effective Date (including by ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary), a supplement to the Collateral Agreement, in the form specified therein, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person, in each case     

7 

under this clause (a) together with, in the case of any such Loan Documents executed and delivered after the Effective Date, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, documents and opinions of the type referred to in Sections 4.01(b), 4.01(c) and 4.01(d)); 

(b) 
			 all outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower and each Subsidiary (other than any Equity Interests constituting Excluded Assets and Equity Interests in any FreedomRoads Entity) owned directly by any Loan Party, shall have been pledged pursuant to the Collateral Agreement, and the Administrative Agent shall have received certificates, if any, or other instruments representing all such Equity Interests (other than Equity Interests in Immaterial Subsidiaries), together with undated stock powers or other instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank;     

(c) 
			 if any Indebtedness for borrowed money (including in respect of cash management arrangements) of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary is owing by such obligor to any Loan Party, such Indebtedness shall have been pledged pursuant to the Collateral Agreement and the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) all promissory notes evidencing such Indebtedness in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or greater or (ii) on the Effective Date, an intercompany note in the form of   Exhibit I   evidencing all such Indebtedness and, at any time thereafter within 30 days (or such longer period as reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent) following the request of the Administrative Agent, a counterpart to such intercompany note executed by any Subsidiary formed or acquired after the Effective Date, in each case together with undated instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank;     

(d) 
			 all certificates, agreements, documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by the Security Documents, Requirements of Law and as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, delivered, registered or recorded to create the Liens intended to be created by the Security Documents and perfect such Liens to the extent required by, and with the priority required by, the Security Documents and the other provisions of the term  Collateral and Guarantee Requirement,  shall have been filed, registered or recorded or delivered to the Administrative Agent for filing, registration or recording; and     

(e) 
			 the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to each Mortgaged Property duly executed and delivered by the record owner of such Mortgaged Property, (ii) an ALTA survey or, if acceptable to the title insurance company to issue the title coverage described in clause (iii) without any survey exception, including all survey-related endorsements, an existing survey with a  no-change  affidavit, (iii) a policy or policies of title insurance in the amount equal to the fair market value of such Mortgaged Property and fixtures, as determined by the Borrower in its reasonable discretion, issued by a nationally recognized title insurance company reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and insuring the Lien of each such Mortgage as a first priority Lien on the Mortgaged Property described therein, free of any other Liens except Permitted Encumbrances, together with such endorsements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (it being agreed that the Administrative Agent shall accept zoning reports from a nationally recognized zoning company in lieu of zoning endorsements to such title insurance policies), (iv) such affidavits, certificates, information (including financial data) and instruments of indemnification as shall be reasonably required to induce the title company to issue the title policy/ies and endorsements contemplated above and which are reasonably requested by such title company, (v) a completed  Life-of-Loan  Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to each Mortgaged Property (together with a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood      

8 

disaster assistance duly executed by the Borrower and each Loan Party relating to such Mortgaged Property), (vi) if any Mortgaged Property is located in an area determined by the Federal Emergency Management Agency to have special flood hazards, evidence of such flood insurance as may be required under applicable law, including Regulation H of the Board of Governors and the other Flood Insurance Laws and as required under Section 5.07, and (vii) such legal opinions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to any such Mortgage or Mortgaged Property, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition or anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, (a) the foregoing provisions of this definition shall not require the creation or perfection of pledges of or security interests in, or the obtaining of title insurance, legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets of the Loan Parties, or the provision of Guarantees by any Subsidiary, if, and for so long as the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree in writing that the cost of creating or perfecting such pledges or security interests in such assets, or obtaining such title insurance, legal opinions or other deliverables in respect of such assets, or providing such Guarantees (taking into account any adverse tax consequences to Holdings and its Affiliates (including the imposition of withholding or other material taxes)), shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom, (b) Liens required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the term  Collateral and Guarantee Requirement  shall be subject to exceptions and limitations set forth in the Security Documents, (c) in no event shall control agreements or other control or similar arrangements be required with respect to deposit accounts or securities accounts, (d) in no event shall any Loan Party be required to complete any filings or other action with respect to the perfection of security interests in any jurisdiction outside of the United States and (e) in no event shall the Collateral include any Excluded Assets.  The Administrative Agent may grant extensions of time for the creation and perfection of security interests in or the obtaining of title insurance, legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to particular assets or the provision of any Guarantee by any Subsidiary (including extensions beyond the Effective Date or in connection with assets acquired, or Subsidiaries formed or acquired, after the Effective Date) where it determines that such action cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required to be accomplished by this Agreement or the Security Documents. 

Commitment    means (a) with respect to any Lender, its Revolving Commitment, Other Revolving Commitment of any Class, Term Commitment, Other Term Commitment of any Class or any combination thereof (as the context requires) and (b) with respect to any Swingline Lender, its Swingline Commitment. 

Compliance Certificate    means a compliance certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01. 

Consolidated EBITDA    means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period,   plus  : 

(a) 
			 without duplication and to the extent already deducted (and not added back) in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for such period:     

(i) 
			 total interest expense (excluding interest expense attributable to FreedomRoads Floorplan Indebtedness) and, to the extent not reflected in such total interest expense, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, net of interest income and gains      

9 

on such hedging obligations or such derivative instruments, and bank and letter of credit fees and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities; 

(ii) 
			 provision for taxes based on income, profits or capital, including federal, foreign, state, franchise, excise, and similar taxes paid or accrued during such period (including in respect of repatriated funds);     

(iii) 
			 depreciation and amortization (including amortization of intangible assets established through purchase accounting and amortization of deferred financing fees or costs);     

(iv) 
			 Non-Cash Charges;     

(v) 
			 extraordinary losses in accordance with GAAP;     

(vi) 
			 unusual or non-recurring charges, including restructuring charges, accruals or reserves or related charges (including restructuring costs related to acquisitions after the Effective Date);     

(vii) 
			 (A) the amount of management, monitoring, consulting and advisory fees, indemnities and related expenses paid or accrued in such period to (or on behalf of) the Investors (including any termination fees payable in connection with the early termination of management and monitoring agreements) to the extent otherwise permitted by Section 6.08, (B) the amount of expenses relating to payments made to option holders of Holdings or any of its direct or indirect parent companies in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to shareholders of such Person or its direct or indirect parent companies, which payments are being made to compensate such option holders as though they were shareholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, in each case to the extent permitted in the Loan Documents and (C) any other costs or expenses incurred pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any equity subscription or equity holder agreement, to the extent that such costs or expenses are funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of the Borrower or net cash proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests in the Borrower;     

(viii) 
			 losses on asset sales, disposals or abandonments (other than asset sales, disposals or abandonments in the ordinary course of business);     

(ix) 
			 the amount of any net losses from discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP;     

(x) 
			 any non-cash loss attributable to the mark to market movement in the valuation of hedging obligations (to the extent the cash impact resulting from such loss has not been realized) or other derivative instruments pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Accounting Standards Codification No. 815 Derivatives and Hedging;     

(xi) 
			 any loss relating to amounts paid in cash prior to the stated settlement date of any hedging obligation that has been reflected in Consolidated Net Income for such period;     

10 

(xii) 
			 any gain relating to hedging obligations associated with transactions realized in the current period that has been reflected in Consolidated Net Income in prior periods and excluded from Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clauses (b)(v) and (b)(vi) below; and     

(xiv)       Public Company Expenses for such period;   less 

(b) 
			 without duplication and to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for such period:     

(i) 

extraordinary gains in accordance with GAAP and unusual or non-recurring gains;     

(ii) 
			 non-cash gains (excluding any non-cash gain to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item that reduced Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA in any prior period);     

(iii) 
			 gains on asset sales, disposals or abandonments (other than asset sales, disposals or abandonments in the ordinary course of business);     

(iv) 
			 the amount of any net income from discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP;     

(v) 
			 any non-cash gain attributable to the mark to market movement in the valuation of hedging obligations (to the extent the cash impact resulting from such gain has not been realized) or other derivative instruments pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Accounting Standards Codification No. 815 Derivatives and Hedging;     

(vi) 
			 any gain relating to amounts received in cash prior to the stated settlement date of any hedging obligation that has been reflected in Consolidated Net Income in the such period; and     

(vii) 
			 any loss relating to hedging obligations associated with transactions realized in the current period that has been reflected in Consolidated Net Income in prior periods and excluded from Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (a)(xi) above;     

in each case, as determined on a consolidated basis for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP;   provided   that: 

(I) 
			 to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, there shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA currency translation gains and losses related to currency remeasurements of Indebtedness (including the net loss or gain resulting from hedging agreements for currency exchange risk and revaluations of intercompany balances),     

(II) 
			 to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, there shall be excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period any adjustments resulting from the application of Financial Accounting Standards Accounting Standards Codification No. 815 Derivatives and Hedging,     

11 

(III) 
			 there shall be included in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period, without duplication, (A) to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income, the Acquired EBITDA of any Person, property, business or asset acquired by the Borrower or any Subsidiary during such period to the extent not subsequently sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of (but not including the Acquired EBITDA of any related Person, property, business or assets to the extent not so acquired) (each such Person, property, business or asset acquired, including pursuant to a transaction consummated prior to the     Effective Date, and not subsequently so disposed of, an    Acquired Entity or Business   ), based on the Acquired EBITDA of such Pro Forma Entity for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such acquisition) determined on a historical Pro Forma Basis and (B) an adjustment in respect of each Pro Forma Entity equal to the amount of the Pro Forma Adjustment with respect to such Pro Forma Entity for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such acquisition) as specified in the Pro Forma Adjustment certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent (for further delivery to the Lenders); and     

(IV) 
			 there shall be (A) to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period the Disposed EBITDA of any Person, property, business or asset sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, closed or classified as discontinued operations by the Borrower or any Subsidiary during such period (each such Person, property, business or asset so sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, closed or classified, a    Sold Entity or Business   ), based on the Disposed EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such sale, transfer, disposition, closure or classification) determined on a historical Pro Forma Basis and (B) to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income, included in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period in which a Sold Entity or Business is disposed, an adjustment equal to the Pro Forma Disposal Adjustment with respect to such Sold Entity or Business (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such disposal) as specified in the Pro Forma Disposal Adjustment certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent (for further delivery to the Lenders).     

Consolidated Net Debt    means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries outstanding on such date (other than FreedomRoads Floorplan Indebtedness), determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but excluding the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the application of acquisition method accounting in connection with any Permitted Acquisition (or other Investment permitted hereunder)) consisting of (i) Indebtedness for borrowed money, (ii) unreimbursed obligations under letters of credit, bankers  acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments, (iii) obligations in respect of Capitalized Leases and all purchase money Indebtedness, (iv) all obligations payable in cash in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business), (v) debt obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, loan agreements, promissory notes or similar instruments, (vi) without duplication, all Guarantees with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (i) through (v) above of Persons other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (vii) all Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (i) through (vi) above of any partnership or joint venture in which the Borrower or a Subsidiary is a general partner or joint venture, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to the Borrower or such Subsidiary,   minus   (b) an aggregate amount of cash as of such date and Permitted Investments (excluding cash and Permitted Investments which are identified as  restricted  on the consolidated balance sheet) of the Loan Parties as of such date (in each case, free and clear of all liens, other than Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02 for the benefit of the Secured Parties and Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02(xxi)). 

12 

Consolidated Net Income    means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding, without duplication, (a) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles during such period to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, (b) any Transaction Costs incurred during such period,   provided   that they are incurred prior to December 31, 2016, (c) any fees and expenses (including any transaction or retention bonus) incurred during such period, or any amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, Investment, asset disposition, non-compete agreement, issuance or repayment of debt, issuance of equity securities, refinancing transaction or amendment or other modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including any such transaction consummated prior to the Effective Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed) and any charges or nonrecurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction, (d) any income (loss) for such period attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, hedging agreements or other derivative instruments, (e) accruals and reserves that are established or adjusted as a result of the Transactions or any Permitted Acquisition in accordance with GAAP (including any adjustment of estimated payouts on earn outs) or changes as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such period, (f) stock-based award compensation expenses, (g) any income (loss) attributable to deferred compensation plans or trusts, (h) any income (loss) from Investments recorded using the equity method and (i) the amount of any expense required to be recorded as compensation for contingent transaction payments.  There shall be included in Consolidated Net Income, without duplication, the amount of any cash tax benefits related to the tax amortization of intangible assets in such period.  There shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income for any period the effects from applying acquisition method accounting, including applying acquisition method accounting to inventory, property and equipment, leases, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue (including deferred costs related thereto and deferred rent) required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries), as a result of the Transactions, any acquisition consummated prior to the Effective Date and any Permitted Acquisitions (or other Investments permitted hereunder) or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof. 

In addition, to the extent not already included in Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Net Income shall include the amount of proceeds received from business interruption insurance or reimbursement of expenses and charges that are covered by indemnification and other reimbursement provisions in connection with any acquisition or other Investment or any disposition of any asset permitted hereunder. 

Consolidated Working Capital    means, at any date, the excess of (a) the sum of all amounts (other than cash and Permitted Investments) that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption  total current assets  (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such date, excluding the current portion of current and deferred income taxes,   over   (b) the sum of all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption  total current liabilities  (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on such date, including short term deferred revenue but excluding, without duplication, (i) the current portion of any Funded Debt, (ii) all Indebtedness consisting of Loans and obligations under Letters of Credit to the extent otherwise included therein, (iii) the current portion of interest and (iv) the current portion of current and deferred income taxes;   provided   that, for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, increases or decreases in working capital (A) arising from acquisitions or dispositions by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be measured from the date on which such acquisition or disposition occurred until the first anniversary of such acquisition or disposition with respect to the Person subject to such acquisition or disposition and (B) shall exclude (I) the impact of non-cash adjustments contemplated in the Excess Cash Flow calculation, (II) the impact of adjusting items in the definition of Consolidated  

13 

Net Income and (III) any changes in current assets or current liabilities as a result of (x) any reclassification in accordance with GAAP of assets or liabilities, as applicable, between current and noncurrent or (y) the effects of acquisition method accounting. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this definition, the FreedomRoads Floorplan Indebtedness shall constitute a current liability. 

Control    means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies, or the dismissal or appointment of the management, of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.     Controlling    and    Controlled    have meanings correlative thereto. 

Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness    means (a) Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, (b) Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt, (c) Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt or (d) Indebtedness incurred or Other Revolving Commitments obtained pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment, in each case, issued, incurred or otherwise obtained (including by means of the extension or renewal of existing Indebtedness) in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace or refinance, in whole or part, existing Term Loans, outstanding Revolving Loans or (in the case of Other Revolving Commitments obtained pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment) Revolving Commitments hereunder (including any successive Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness) (   Refinanced Debt   );   provided   that (i) such extending, renewing or refinancing Indebtedness (including, if such Indebtedness includes any Other Revolving Commitments, the unused portion of such Other Revolving Commitments) is in an original aggregate principal amount not greater than the aggregate principal amount of the Refinanced Debt (and, in the case of Refinanced Debt consisting, in whole or in part, of unused Revolving Commitments or Other Revolving Commitments, the amount thereof), (ii) such Indebtedness does not mature earlier than and has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than, the Refinanced Debt, and (iii) such Refinanced Debt shall be repaid, defeased or satisfied and discharged, and all accrued interest, fees and premiums (if any) in connection therewith shall be paid, on the date such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is issued, incurred or obtained;   provided   that to the extent that such Refinanced Debt consists, in whole or in part, of Revolving Commitments or Other Revolving Commitments (or Revolving Loans, Other Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans incurred pursuant to any Revolving Commitments or Other Revolving Commitments), such Revolving Commitments or Other Revolving Commitments, as applicable, shall be terminated, and all accrued fees in connection therewith shall be paid, on the date such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is issued, incurred or obtained. 

Cumulative Excess Cash Flow    means the sum of Excess Cash Flow (but not less than zero in any period) for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2017, and Excess Cash Flow for each succeeding completed fiscal year. 

Cure Amount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.02(a). 

Cure Right    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.02(a). 

CWH    means Camping World Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Debtor Relief Laws    means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 

Default    means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 

14 

Defaulting Lender    means, subject to Section 2.22(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (  provided   that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or become the subject of a Bail-In Action, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity;   provided   that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.  Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.22(b)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each Issuing Bank, each Swingline Lender and each Lender. 

Defaulting Lender Fronting Exposure    means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the Issuing Bank, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding Letter of Credit obligations other than Letter of Credit obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or cash collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders. 

Designated Non-Cash Consideration    means the fair market value of non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or a Subsidiary in connection with a Disposition pursuant to Section 6.05(k) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Holdings, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the fair market value of the portion of the non-cash consideration converted to cash within 150 days following the consummation of the applicable Disposition). 

Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(B). 

Discount Range    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C). 

15 

Discount Range Prepayment Amount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C). 

Discount Range Prepayment Notice    means a written notice of a Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers made pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C), substantially in the form of   Exhibit L  . 

Discount Range Prepayment Offer    means the irrevocable written offer by a Term Lender, substantially in the form of   Exhibit M  , submitted in response to an invitation to submit offers following the Auction Agent s receipt of a Discount Range Prepayment Notice. 

Discount Range Prepayment Response Date    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C). 

Discount Range Proration    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C). 

Discounted Prepayment Determination Date    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Discounted Prepayment Effective Date    means in the case of a Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment, Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers or Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers, five Business Days following the receipt by each relevant Term Lender of notice from the Auction Agent in accordance with Section 2.11(a)(ii)(B), Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C) or Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D), as applicable, unless a shorter period is agreed to between the Borrower and the Auction Agent. 

Discounted Term Loan Prepayment    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(A). 

Disposed EBITDA    means, with respect to any Sold Entity or Business for any period prior to such disposition, the amount for such period of Consolidated EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business (determined as if references to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the definition of the term  Consolidated EBITDA  (and in the component financial definitions used therein) were references to such Sold Entity or Business and its subsidiaries), all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Sold Entity or Business. 

Disposition    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.05. 

Disqualified Equity Interest    means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest in such Person that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event or condition: 

(a) 
			 matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests), whether pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise;     

(b) 
			 is convertible or exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof, for Indebtedness or Equity Interests (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person      

16 

that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests); or 

(c) 
			 is redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests) or is required to be repurchased by such Person or any of its Affiliates, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder thereof;     

in each case, on or prior to the date 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date;   provided  ,   however  , that (i) an Equity Interest in any Person that would not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest but for terms thereof giving holders thereof the right to require such Person to redeem or purchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of an  asset sale  or a  change of control  shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest if any such requirement becomes operative only after repayment in full of all the Loans and all other Loan Document Obligations that are accrued and payable, the cancellation or expiration of all Letters of Credit and the termination of the Commitments and (ii) if an Equity Interest in any Person is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of employees of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) or any of its subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interest shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest solely because it may be required to be repurchased by Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent company thereof) or any of its subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations of such Person. 

Documentation Agent    means Goldman Sachs Bank USA. 

dollars    or    $    refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 

Domestic Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 

ECF Percentage    means, with respect to the prepayment required by Section 2.11(d) with respect to any fiscal year of the Borrower, if the Total Leverage Ratio (without giving effect to the applicable prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11(d)) as of the end of such fiscal year is (a) 2.00 to 1.00 or greater, 50% of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year, (b) 1.50 to 1.00 or greater but less than 2.00 to 1.00, 25% of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year and (c) less than 1.50 to 1.00, 0% of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year. 

EEA Financial Institution    means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country    means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority    means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

17 

Effective Date    means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 

Eligible Assignee    means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund and (d) any other Person (other than CWH, Holdings, any Intermediate Parent or any of their subsidiaries), other than, in each case, a natural person;   provided   that no Affiliated Lender may be an Eligible Assignee with respect to Revolving Commitments or Revolving Loans. 

Environment    means ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land surface and subsurface strata and natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. 

Environmental Laws    means the applicable common law and treaties, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, judgments, orders, decrees and other applicable Requirements of Law, and all applicable injunctions or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority, in each instance relating to the protection of the Environment, to preservation or reclamation of natural resources, to Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials, to health or safety matters. 

Environmental Liability    means any liability, obligation, loss, claim, action, order or cost, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of medical monitoring, costs of environmental investigation, remediation or restoration, administrative oversight costs, consultants  fees, fines, penalties and indemnities), of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law or permit, license or approval issued thereunder, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage or treatment of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant (and the extent) to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Equity Interests    means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire such interests. 

ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 

ERISA Affiliate    means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with Holdings, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or 414(c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 

ERISA Event    means (a) any  reportable event,  as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) with respect to any Plan, the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan, in each case whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) a determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in  at-risk  status (as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4) of the Code); (e) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent 

18 

under Section 4007 of ERISA; (f) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (g) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan (or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA) or Multiemployer Plan; or (h) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or in endangered or critical status, within the meaning of Section 305 of ERISA. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule    means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Eurocurrency    when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. 

Event of Default    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. 

Excess Cash Flow    means, for any period, an amount equal to the excess of: 

(a) 
			 the sum, without duplication, of:     

(i) 
			 Consolidated Net Income for such period,     

(ii) 
			 an amount equal to the amount of all Non-Cash Charges to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income,     

(iii) 
			 decreases in (A) Consolidated Working Capital, (B) the amount of cash held in deposit accounts of Subsidiaries solely for purposes of satisfying minimum liquidity requirements imposed by regulatory bodies and applicable to such Subsidiaries and (C) long-term account receivables for such period, and     

(iv) 
			 an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash loss on dispositions by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period (other than dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income;   less  :     

(b) 

the sum, without duplication, of:     

(i) 
			 an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash credits included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income (including any amounts included in Consolidated Net Income pursuant to the last sentence of the definition of  Consolidated Net Income  to the extent such amounts are due but not received during such period) and cash charges excluded by virtue of clauses (a) through (i) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income (other than cash charges in respect of Transaction Costs paid on or about the Effective Date to the extent financed with the proceeds of Indebtedness incurred on the Effective Date),     

19 

(ii) 
			 without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (x) below in prior fiscal years, the amount of capital expenditures made in cash during such period, but only to the extent that such capital expenditures were financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries,     

(iii) 
			 the aggregate amount of all principal payments of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries other than the payment of any Subordinated Indebtedness, except to the extent permitted to be paid pursuant to Section 6.07(b)(i) (including (A) the principal component of payments in respect of Capitalized Leases and (B) the amount of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(c) with the Net Proceeds from an event of the type specified in clause (a) of the definition of  Prepayment Event  to the extent required due to a disposition that resulted in an increase to     Consolidated Net Income and not in excess of the amount of such increase but excluding (x) all other prepayments of Term Loans and (y) all prepayments of Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans) made during such period (other than in respect of any revolving credit facility except to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder), but only to the extent financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries,     

(iv) 
			 an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash gain on dispositions by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period (other than dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income,     

(v) 
			 increases in (A) Consolidated Working Capital, (B) the amount of cash held in deposit accounts of Subsidiaries solely for purposes of satisfying minimum liquidity requirements imposed by regulatory bodies and applicable to such Subsidiaries and (C) long-term accounts receivable for such period,     

(vi) 
			 cash payments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period in respect of long-term liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries other than Indebtedness to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed during such period or are not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income,     

(vii) 
			 without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (x) below in prior periods, the amount of Investments and acquisitions made in cash during such period pursuant to clauses (b), (d), (e), (f), (h), (i), (l) (to the extent the corresponding payment under Section 6.07(a) would reduce Excess Cash Flow pursuant to clause (viii) below), (m), (n), (o) (other than Investments in FreedomRoads Entities, Holdings, the Borrower or any of their subsidiaries, and without duplication of amounts deducted in respect of clause (i) of Section 6.04) and (r) of Section 6.04, in each case to the extent that such Investments and acquisitions were financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,     

(viii) 
			 the amount of dividends and other Restricted Payments paid in cash during such period pursuant to clauses (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (viii) and (ix) of Section 6.07(a), in each case to the extent such restricted payments were financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,     

20 

(ix) 
			 the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually paid in cash by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period that are required to be made in connection with any prepayment of Indebtedness to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed during such period or are not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income,     

(x) 
			 without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in prior periods, the aggregate consideration required to be paid in cash by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts (the    Contract Consideration   ) entered into prior to or during such period relating to Permitted Acquisitions, other Investments or capital expenditures to be consummated or made during the first fiscal quarter of the Borrower following the end of such period,   provided   that to the extent the aggregate amount of internally generated cash actually utilized to finance such Permitted Acquisitions, Investments or capital expenditures during such fiscal quarter is less than the     Contract Consideration, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such fiscal quarter, and     

(xi) 
			 the amount of cash taxes paid in such period to the extent they exceed the amount of tax expense deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period.     

Exchange Act    means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

Excluded Assets    means (a) any fee-owned real property with a fair market value of less than $5,000,000 and all leasehold interests in real property, (b) motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title or ownership with an individual value of less than $500,000 (except to the extent that the filing of UCC financing statements are sufficient for perfection of security interests), (c) Equity Interests in any Person (other than any Wholly Owned Subsidiaries) to the extent the pledge thereof to the Administrative Agent is not permitted by the terms of such Person s organizational or joint venture documents, (d) voting Equity Interests in excess of 65% of the outstanding voting Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary or CFC Holdco, (e) any lease, license or other agreement with any Person if, to the extent and for so long as, the grant of a Lien thereon to secure the Secured Obligations constitutes a breach of or a default under, or creates a right of termination in favor of any party (other than any Loan Party) to, such lease, license or other agreement (but only to the extent any of the foregoing is not rendered ineffective by, or is otherwise unenforceable under, the Uniform Commercial Code or any Requirements of Law), (f) any asset subject to a Lien of the type permitted by Section 6.02(iv) (whether or not incurred pursuant to such Section) and any asset subject to a Lien permitted by Section 6.02(x), in each case if, to the extent and for so long as the grant of a Lien thereon to secure the Secured Obligations constitutes a breach of or a default under, or creates a right of termination in favor of any party (other than any Loan Party) to, any agreement pursuant to which such Lien has been created (but only to the extent any of the foregoing is not rendered ineffective by, or is otherwise unenforceable under, the Uniform Commercial Code or any Requirements of Law), (g) any intent-to-use trademark applications filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, (h) pledges and security interests prohibited by (or as to security interests, those that are not capable of being perfected under) applicable law, rule or regulation or agreements with any Governmental Authority, (i) any asset if, to the extent and for so long as the grant of a Lien thereon to secure the Secured Obligations is prohibited by any Requirements of Law (other than to the extent that any such prohibition would be rendered ineffective pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code or any other applicable Requirements of Law), and (j) any asset of or Equity Interest in any FreedomRoads Entity;   provided  ,    however  , that Excluded Assets shall not include any proceeds,  

21 

substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Assets referred to in the preceding clauses (a) through (j) (unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would constitute Excluded Assets referred to in clauses (a) through (j). 

Excluded Information    means information (including Private-Side Information) regarding the Loans of the applicable Class or the Loan Parties hereunder that is not known to a Lender participating in a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment, in an assignment to an Affiliated Lender or in an assignment to any Loan Party or any of its subsidiaries, that may be material to a decision by such Lender to participate in such Discounted Term Loan Prepayment, assignment to such Affiliated Lender or such assignment to any Loan Party or any of its subsidiaries, as applicable. 

Excluded Subsidiary    means (a) any Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Holdings, (b) any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable Law from guaranteeing the Secured Obligations, (c) any Foreign Subsidiary, (d) any Domestic Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC, (e) any CFC Holdco, (f) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (g) any other Subsidiary excused from becoming a Loan Party pursuant to the last paragraph of the definition of the term  Collateral and Guarantee Requirement  and (h) any FreedomRoads Entity. 

Excluded Taxes    means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) such recipient s net income (however denominated) and franchise Taxes imposed on it, in each case, by a jurisdiction as a result of (i) such recipient being organized or having its principal office located in or, in the case of any Lender, having its applicable lending office located in, such jurisdiction, or (ii) any other present or former connection between such recipient and such jurisdiction (other than any connection arising solely from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations or received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, sold or assigned of an interest in, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, and/or enforced, any Loan Documents), (b) any branch profits tax imposed under Section 884(a) of the Code, or any similar Tax, imposed by any jurisdiction described in clause (a) above, (c) any U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed pursuant to FATCA, (d) any withholding Tax that is attributable to a Lender s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f), and (e) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than any Foreign Lender becoming a party hereto pursuant to a request by any Loan Party under Section 2.19), any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender pursuant to a Requirement of Law in effect at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new lending office), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately prior to the designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts with respect to such withholding Tax under Section 2.17(a). 

Existing Credit Agreement    means the Credit Agreement dated as of November 20, 2013, among the Borrower, Holdings, the lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent (as amended by the First Amendment dated as of December 1, 2014, the Second Amendment dated as of June 2, 2015, the Third Amendment dated as of December 17, 2015, and the Fourth Amendment dated as of September 21, 2016, and as further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified as of the Effective Date). 

Extension Notice    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(b). 

FATCA    means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as in effect on the date hereof (and any amended or successor version thereof that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to 

22 

comply with), any current or future Treasury regulations or other official administrative interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate    means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Federal Funds Effective Rate will be deemed to be 0.00% per annum if the Federal Funds Effective Rate calculated pursuant to the foregoing provisions would otherwise be less than 0.00% per annum. 

Fee Letters    means (a) the Administrative Agent Fee Letter between the Borrower and Goldman Sachs Bank USA dated as of October 22, 2016, and (b) the Fee Letter between the Borrower and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., dated as of November 1, 2016. 

Financial Officer    means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of Borrower. 

Financial Performance Covenant    means the covenant set forth in Section 6.11. 

Financing Transactions    means the execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is to be a party, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 

Flood Insurance Laws    means, collectively, (a) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (b) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statue thereto, (c) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (d) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto. 

Foreign Lender    means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is located.  For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 

Foreign Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary other than a Domestic Subsidiary. 

FreedomRoads Entity    means FreedomRoads Intermediate Holdco, LLC and its subsidiaries. 

FreedomRoads Floorplan Credit Agreement    means (a) the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 12, 2015, among FreedomRoads, LLC, as borrower, certain of its subsidiaries, as borrowers, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto and as the same may be further amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (including any guarantee agreements, security documents and related agreements) and (b) whether in addition to or a replacement or refinancing thereof and whether by the same or any other agent, lender or group of lenders and whether or not increasing the amount of Indebtedness that may be incurred thereunder, one or more other floor plan financing arrangements (including any guarantee agreements, security documents and related agreements), in each case as such agreements may be amended (including any amendment and restatement thereof), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

23 

FreedomRoads Floorplan Indebtedness    means Indebtedness of FreedomRoads Entities and their successors outstanding under any FreedomRoads Floorplan Credit Agreement. 

Funded Debt    means all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for borrowed money that matures more than one year from the date of its creation or matures within one year from such date that is renewable or extendable, at the option of such Person, to a date more than one year from such date or arises under a revolving credit or similar agreement that obligates the lender or lenders to extend credit during a period of more than one year from such date, including Indebtedness in respect of the Loans. 

GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time but subject to Section 1.04. 

Governmental Approvals    means all authorizations, consents, approvals, permits, licenses and exemptions of, registrations and filings with, and reports to, Governmental Authorities. 

Governmental Authority    means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether federal, state, provincial, territorial, local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, Taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Guarantee    of or by any Person (the    guarantor   ) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the    primary obligor   ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness;   provided   that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Effective Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness).  The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined in good faith by a Financial Officer.  The term  Guarantee  as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 

Guarantee Agreement    means the Master Guarantee Agreement among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of   Exhibit B  . 

Hazardous Materials    means all substances, wastes, pollutants or contaminants, materials, constituents, chemicals or compounds in any form regulated under any Environmental Law, including petroleum or petroleum by-products or distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas. 

Holdings    has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. 

24 

Holdings LLC Agreement    means the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Holdings dated as of October 6, 2016, as in effect on the date hereof. 

Identified Participating Lenders    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C). 

Identified Qualifying Lenders    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Immaterial Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary other than a Material Subsidiary. 

Incremental Base Amount    means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) $250,000,000,   minus   (b) the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of all the Revolving Commitment Increases and Term Commitment Increases incurred in reliance on the foregoing clause (a) prior to such date pursuant to Section 2.20 and that is outstanding at such time (assuming the Revolving Loans under the entire amount of any Revolving Commitment Increase are outstanding except to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder) or was refinanced with any long-term or revolving Indebtedness (assuming the entire amount of any revolving commitment is outstanding except to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder), and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all Additional Notes issued prior to such date pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(xxiii) incurred in reliance on the foregoing clause (a) and that is outstanding at such time or was refinanced with any long-term or revolving Indebtedness,   plus   (c) the amount of any voluntary prepayments of any Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date made prior to such date (including purchases by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries of Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date at a discount to par), other than any such voluntary prepayments financed with any long-term Indebtedness (except for any Revolving Loan, Swingline Loan or other form of revolving Indebtedness). 

Incremental Cap    means, as of any date of determination, an amount not in excess of (a) the Incremental Base Amount,   plus   (b) an unlimited amount (the    Incremental Incurrence Amount   ) so long as, in the case of this clause (b), after giving Pro Forma Effect to the incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness with respect to which the Incremental Cap is being determined and the use of proceeds thereof (assuming the borrowing of the entire amount of term loans incurred pursuant to a Term Commitment Increase and the borrowing of Revolving Loans under the entire amount of any Revolving Commitment Increase, and excluding from such calculation any cash proceeds advanced pursuant to such Indebtedness), the Total Leverage Ratio as of the end of the most recent Test Period is not greater than (x) 2.30 to 1.00 or (y) if incurred in connection with an acquisition, 2.50 to 1.00;   provided  ,    however  , that (i) if the Incremental Incurrence Amount is available, the Borrower may elect to use the Incremental Incurrence Amount prior to using the Incremental Base Amount, and if both the Incremental Incurrence Amount and the Incremental Base Amount are available and the Borrower does not make an election, the Borrower will be deemed to have elected to use the Incremental Incurrence Amount and (ii) the Borrower may re-designate any Indebtedness originally designated as incurred under the Incremental Base Amount as having been incurred under the Incremental Incurrence Amount so long as at the time of such re-designation the Borrower would be permitted to incur under the Incremental Incurrence Amount the aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness being so re-designated (for the avoidance of doubt, with any such re-designation having the effect of increasing the Borrower s ability to incur Indebtedness under the Incremental Base Amount as of the date of such re-designation by the amount of Indebtedness so re-designated). 

Incremental Incurrence Amount    has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of  Incremental Cap.  

25 

Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(d). 

Incremental Revolving Facility Closing Date    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(d). 

Incremental Term Facility Amendment    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(e). 

Incremental Term Facility Closing Date    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(e). 

Indebtedness    of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and any earn-out obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers  acceptances;   provided   that the term  Indebtedness  shall not include (x) deferred or prepaid revenue, (y) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller or (z)  right to use  liabilities under real estate lease transactions.  The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.  The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) above shall (unless such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person) be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith. 

Indemnified Liabilities    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06. 

Indemnified Taxes    means all Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). 

Information    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12(a). 

Initial Restricted Payment Amount    means $20,000,000. 

Intellectual Property    has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement. 

Interest Election Request    means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing or Term Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.07. 

26 

Interest Payment Date    means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (including a Swingline Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months  duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months  duration after the first day of such Interest Period. 

Interest Period    means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing, the period commencing on the date such Borrowing is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Borrowing and ending on the date that is one, two, three or six months thereafter as selected by the Borrower in its Borrowing Request;   provided   that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond (i) in the case of Term Loans, the Term Maturity Date and (ii) in the case of Revolving Loans, the Revolving Maturity Date.  For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 

Intermediate Parent     means any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Holdings of which the Borrower is a subsidiary. 

Investment    means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or debt or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of Indebtedness or other obligations of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such Person.  The amount, as of any date of determination, of (a) any Investment in the form of a loan or an advance shall be the principal amount thereof outstanding on such date,   minus   any cash payments actually received by the investing Person representing interest in respect of such Investment (to the extent any such payment to be deducted does not exceed the remaining principal amount of such Investment), but without any adjustment for write-downs or write-offs (including as a result of forgiveness of any portion thereof) with respect to such loan or advance after the date thereof, (b) any Investment in the form of a Guarantee shall be equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof, as determined in good faith by a Financial Officer, (c) any Investment in the form of a transfer of Equity Interests or other non-cash property by the investor to the investee, including any such transfer in the form of a capital contribution, shall be the fair market value (as determined in good faith by a Financial Officer) of such Equity Interests or other property as of the time of the transfer,   minus   any payments actually received by the investing Person representing a return of capital of, or dividends or other distributions in respect of, such Investment (to the extent such payments do not exceed, in the aggregate, the original amount of such Investment), but without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment, and (d) any Investment (other than any Investment referred to in clause (a), (b) or (c) above) by the specified Person in the form of a purchase or other acquisition for value of any Equity Interests,  

27 

evidences of Indebtedness or other securities of any other Person shall be the original cost of such Investment (including any Indebtedness assumed in connection therewith),   plus   (i) the cost of all additions thereto and   minus   (ii) the amount of any portion of such Investment that has been repaid to the investor in cash as a repayment of principal or a return of capital, and of any cash payments actually received by such investor representing interest, dividends or other distributions in respect of such Investment (to the extent the amounts referred to in clause (ii) do not, in the aggregate, exceed the original cost of such Investment plus the costs of additions thereto), but without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment.  For purposes of Section 6.04, if an Investment involves the acquisition of more than one Person, the amount of such Investment shall be allocated among the acquired Persons in accordance with GAAP;   provided   that pending the final determination of the amounts to be so allocated in accordance with GAAP, such allocation shall be as reasonably determined by a Financial Officer. 

Investor    means a holder of Equity Interests in Holdings. 

IPO Transactions    means the issuance and sale of shares of Class A common stock of CWH for cash in an underwritten public offering completed on October 13, 2016, and the transactions undertaken in connection therewith. 

ISP    means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the  International Standby Practices 1998  published by the Institute of International Banking Law   Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 

Issuing Bank    means (a) Goldman Sachs Bank USA and (b) each other Revolving Lender that shall have become an Issuing Bank hereunder as provided in Section 2.05(k) (other than any Person that shall have ceased to be an Issuing Bank as provided in Section 2.05(l)), each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder.  Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term  Issuing Bank  shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 

Judgment Currency    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.14(b). 

Latest Maturity Date    means, at any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Other Term Loan, any Other Term Commitment, any Other Revolving Loan or any Other Revolving Commitment, in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to time. 

LC Disbursement    means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 

LC Exposure    means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate amount of all Letters of Credit that remains available for drawing at such time and (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time.  The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time.  For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices (ISP98), such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be  outstanding  in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.  Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time;   provided   that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such  

28 

Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 

LCT Test Date    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.05. 

Lenders    means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, an Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment, an Incremental Term Facility Amendment or a Refinancing Amendment, in each case, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption.  Unless the context otherwise requires, the term    Lenders    includes the Swingline Lender. 

Letter of Credit    means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement other than any such letter of credit that shall have ceased to be a  Letter of Credit  outstanding hereunder pursuant to Section 9.05. 

Letter of Credit Sublimit    means an amount equal to $15,000,000.  The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of and not in addition to the aggregate Revolving Commitments. 

LIBO Rate    means, for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurocurrency Borrowing, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the London interbank offered rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of that rate) displayed on the ICE LIBOR USD page of the Reuters Screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the LIBO Rate will be deemed to be 0.00% per annum if the LIBO Rate determined pursuant to the foregoing provisions would otherwise be less than 0.00% per annum and (b) solely with respect to the LIBO Rate applicable to Term Loans, the LIBO Rate will be deemed to be 0.75% per annum if the LIBO Rate calculated pursuant to the foregoing provisions would otherwise be less than 0.75% per annum. 

Lien    means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset. 

Limited Conditionality Transaction    means an acquisition or Investment permitted by this Agreement that the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries is contractually or legally committed to consummate (it being understood that such commitment may be subject to conditions precedent, which conditions precedent may be amended, satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms of the applicable agreement) and the consummation of which is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. 

Loan Document Obligations    has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement. 

Loan Documents    means this Agreement, any Incremental Term Facility Amendment, any Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment, any Refinancing Amendment, the Guarantee Agreement, the  

29 

Collateral Agreement, the other Security Documents and, except for purposes of Section 9.02, any promissory notes delivered pursuant to Section 2.09(e). 

Loan Parties    means Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Loan Parties. 

Loans    means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 

Majority in Interest  ,  when used in reference to Lenders of any Class, means, at any time, (a) in the case of the Revolving Lenders, Lenders having Revolving Exposures and unused Revolving Commitments representing more than 50% of the Aggregate Revolving Exposure and the unused aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time and (b) in the case of the Term Lenders of any Class, Lenders holding outstanding Term Loans of such Class representing more than 50% of all Term Loans of such Class outstanding at such time,   provided   that (a) the Revolving Exposures, Term Loans and unused Commitments of any Affiliated Lenders and (b) whenever there are one or more Defaulting Lenders, the total outstanding Term Loans and Revolving Exposures of, and the unused Revolving Commitments of, each Defaulting Lender, shall in each case be excluded for purposes of making a determination of the Majority in Interest of such Class. 

Management Investors    means the directors, officers and employees of Holdings, the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries who are (directly or indirectly, including through one or more investment vehicles) investors in Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof). 

Margin Stock    means  margin stock  as such term is defined in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board. 

Material Adverse Effect    means any event, circumstance or condition that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a materially adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or results of operations of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under the Loan Documents or (c) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Loan Documents. 

Material Indebtedness    means Indebtedness (other than the Loan Document Obligations), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $30,000,000.  For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the  principal amount  of the obligations in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 

Material Subsidiary    means (i) each Wholly Owned Subsidiary that, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended, had revenues or total assets for such quarter in excess of 1.0% of the consolidated revenues or total assets, as applicable, of the Borrower for such quarter and (ii) any group comprising Wholly Owned Subsidiaries that each would not have been a Material Subsidiary under clause (i) but that, taken together, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended, had revenues or total assets for such quarter in excess of 5.0% of the consolidated revenues or total assets, as applicable, of the Borrower for such quarter. 

Maximum Rate    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17. 

30 

Moody s    means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business. 

Mortgage    means a mortgage, deed of trust, assignment of leases and rents or other security document granting a Lien on any Mortgaged Property to secure the Secured Obligations.  Each Mortgage shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Mortgaged Property    means each parcel of real property with respect to which a Mortgage is granted or required to be granted pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, Section 5.11 or Section 5.12, which for the avoidance of doubt will exclude any Excluded Assets. 

Multiemployer Plan    means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 

Net Proceeds    means, with respect to any event, (a) the proceeds received in respect of such event in cash or Permitted Investments, including (i) any cash or Permitted Investments received in respect of any non-cash proceeds (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment or earn-out, but excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received, (ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds, and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards and similar payments,   minus   (b) the sum of (i) all fees and out-of-pocket expenses paid by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in connection with such event (including attorney s fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, underwriting discounts and commissions, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant, accountant and other customary fees), (ii) in the case of a sale, transfer or other disposition of an asset (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction or a casualty or a condemnation or similar proceeding), (x) the amount of all payments that are permitted hereunder and are required to be made by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as a result of such event to repay Indebtedness (other than the Loans) secured by a lien on such asset (which Lien, if such assets constitute Collateral, ranks prior to the Lien securing the Secured Obligations) (y) the pro rata portion of net cash proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (y)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as a result thereof and (z) the amount of any liabilities directly associated with such asset and retained by the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (iii) the amount of all taxes paid (or reasonably estimated to be payable), and the amount of any reserves established by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, that are directly attributable to such event,   provided   that any reduction at any time in the amount of any such reserves (other than as a result of payments made in respect thereof) shall be deemed to constitute the receipt by the Borrower at such time of Net Proceeds in the amount of such reduction. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, any proceeds of a Prepayment Event related to assets of any FreedomRoads Entity shall for all purposes of this Agreement be deemed not to constitute  Net Proceeds  if, to the extent and for so long as (1) such proceeds are required to be applied, and are so applied, to mandatory prepayments of amounts outstanding under, or otherwise required to be applied under, the FreedomRoads Floorplan Credit Agreement under the terms of such agreement as in effect on the date hereof or (2) such proceeds are otherwise restricted from being distributed to the Borrower pursuant to the terms of the FreedomRoads Floorplan Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof;    provided  , that if any amount of such proceeds referred to in the preceding clause (2) shall cease to be so restricted, then such amount shall no longer be excluded from the definition of  Net Proceeds . 

31 

Non-Cash Charges    means (a) any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, and Investments in debt and equity securities pursuant to GAAP, (b) all losses from Investments recorded using the equity method, (c) all Non-Cash Compensation Expenses, (d) the non-cash impact of acquisition method accounting, and (e) other non-cash charges;   provided  , in each case, that if any non-cash charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA and Excess Cash Flow to such extent, and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period. 

Non-Cash Compensation Expense    means any non-cash expenses and costs that result from the issuance of stock-based awards, partnership interest-based awards and similar incentive based compensation awards or arrangements. 

Non-Consenting Lender    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c). 

Non-Defaulting Lender    means, at any time, any Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 

Non-Loan Party Investment Amount    means, on any date of determination, the sum of (a) the greater of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) 18.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period and (b) if the Borrower is in compliance with the Financial Performance Covenant on a Pro Forma Basis as of the end of the most recent Test Period (regardless of whether such Financial Performance Covenant is applicable at such time), the Available Amount Basket. 

Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary    of any Person means any subsidiary of such Person other than a Wholly Owned Subsidiary. 

Not Otherwise Applied    means, with reference to any amount of Net Proceeds of any transaction or event or of Excess Cash Flow or of the Initial Restricted Payment Amount, that such amount (a) was not required to be applied to prepay the Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or (d), and (b) was not previously applied pursuant to Sections 6.04(m), 6.07(a)(vi), 6.07(b)(iv) and the definition of the term  Non-Loan Party Investment Amount.  

OID    shall mean original issue discount. 

Offered Amount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Offered Discount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Organizational Documents    means, with respect to any Person, the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person. 

Other Revolving Commitments    means one or more Classes of revolving credit commitments hereunder or extended Revolving Commitments that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 

Other Revolving Loans    means the Revolving Loans made pursuant to any Other Revolving Commitment. 

32 

Other Taxes    means all present or future recording, stamp, documentary, excise, transfer, sales, property or similar Taxes arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, registration or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document. 

Other Term Commitments    means one or more Classes of term loan commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 

Other Term Loans    means one or more Classes of Term Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 

Participant    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c)(i). 

Participant Register    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c)(ii). 

Participating Lender    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C). 

PBGC    means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 

Perfection Certificate    means a certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit C  . 

Permitted Acquisition    means the purchase or other acquisition, by merger or otherwise, by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of Equity Interests in, or all or substantially all the assets of (or all or substantially all the assets constituting a business unit, division, product line or line of business of), any Person;   provided   that (a) in the case of any purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests in a Person, such Person, upon the consummation of such acquisition, will be a Subsidiary (including as a result of a merger or consolidation between any Subsidiary and such Person), (b) all transactions related thereto are consummated in accordance with all Requirements of Law, (c) the business of such Person, or such assets, as the case may be, constitute a business permitted by Section 6.03(b), (d) the Borrower shall comply with Section 5.11 with respect to each such purchase or other acquisition, (e) immediately before and immediately after giving Pro Forma Effect to any such purchase or other acquisition, no Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(h) or (i) shall have occurred and be continuing, and (f) to the extent the consideration for such purchase or other acquisition is in excess of $5,000,000 (excluding acquired inventory), the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer certifying that all the requirements set forth in this definition have been satisfied with respect to such purchase or other acquisition, together with reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating satisfaction of the requirement set forth in clause (e) above. 

Permitted Encumbrances    means: 

(a) 
			 Liens for Taxes not yet due or payable or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP;     

(b) 
			 Liens with respect to outstanding motor vehicle fines and Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or construction contractors  Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that secure amounts not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or, if more than 30 days overdue, are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce such Lien or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect      

33 

thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP, in each case so long as such Liens do not individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) 
			 Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business (i) in connection with workers  compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation and (ii) securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to the Borrower or any Subsidiary;     

(d) 
			 Liens incurred or deposits made to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business;     

(e) 
			 easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, protrusions, zoning restrictions and other similar encumbrances and minor title defects affecting real property that, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;     

(f) 
			 Liens securing, or otherwise arising from, judgments not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.01(j);     

(g) 
			 Liens on goods the purchase price of which is financed by a documentary letter of credit issued for the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;   provided   that such Lien     secures only the obligations of the Borrower or such Subsidiaries in respect of such letter of credit to the extent such obligations are permitted by Section 6.01;     

(h) 
			 Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or similar filings made in respect of operating leases entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;     

(i) 
			 leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others that do not (i) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) secure any Indebtedness; and     

(j) 
			 any interest or title of a lessor under leases (other than leases constituting Capitalized Lease Obligations) entered into by any of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;     

provided   that the term  Permitted Encumbrances  shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness other than Liens referred to in clause (c) above securing obligations under letters of credit or bank guarantees and in clause (g) above. 

Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt    means any secured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of senior secured notes;   provided   that (a) such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral on a   pari passu   basis (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Secured Obligations and is not secured by any property or assets of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than the Collateral, (b) such Indebtedness constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Term Loans (including portions of Classes of Term  

34 

Loans or Other Term Loans) or outstanding Revolving Loans, (c) such Indebtedness does not mature or have scheduled amortization or payments of principal prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Indebtedness is incurred, (d) the security agreements relating to such Indebtedness are substantially the same as the Security Documents (with such differences as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (e) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Subsidiaries other than the Subsidiary Loan Parties and (f) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to an intercreditor agreement on terms customary for   pari passu   secured high-yield notes and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;   provided   that if such Indebtedness is the initial Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt incurred by the Borrower, then the Borrower, the Subsidiary Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Senior Representative for such Indebtedness shall have executed and delivered an intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt will include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 

Permitted Holders    means (a) the Sponsor, (b) Stephen Adams and Marcus Lemonis and their respective wives, children, grandchildren and other immediate family members and any personal representatives of their estates or trusts of which they or their respective wives, children, grandchildren or other immediate family members are the sole beneficiaries (in each case, directly or indirectly, including through one or more investment vehicles) and (c) the Management Investors. 

Permitted Investments    means any of the following, to the extent owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary: 

(a) 
			 dollars, euro or such other currencies held by it from time to time in the ordinary course of business;     

(b) 
			 readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the government or any agency or instrumentality of the United States, having average maturities of not more than 12 months from the date of acquisition thereof;   provided   that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof;     

(c) 
			 time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers  acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) is a Lender or (ii) has combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000 (any such bank in the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii) being an    Approved Bank   ), in each case with average maturities of not more than 12 months from the date of acquisition thereof;     

(d) 
			 commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes issued by an Approved Bank (or by the parent company thereof) or any variable or fixed rate note issued by, or guaranteed by, a corporation rated A-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S P or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s, in each case with average maturities of not more than 12 months from the date of acquisition thereof;     

(e) 
			 repurchase agreements entered into by any Person with an Approved Bank, a bank or trust company (including any of the Lenders) or recognized securities dealer, in each case, having capital and surplus in excess of $500,000,000 for direct obligations issued by or fully guaranteed or insured by the government or any agency or instrumentality of the United States, in which such Person shall have a perfected first priority security interest (subject to no other Liens) and having, on the date of purchase thereof, a fair market value of at least 100% of the amount of the repurchase obligations;     

35 

(f) 
			 marketable short-term money market and similar highly liquid funds either (i) having assets in excess of $500,000,000 or (ii) having a rating of at least A-2 or P-2 from either S P or Moody s (or, if at any time neither S P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized rating service);     

(g) 
			 securities with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States or by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory, and in each case having an investment grade rating from either S P or Moody s (or the equivalent thereof);     

(h) 
			 investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition in mutual funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s;     

(i) 
			 instruments equivalent to those referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above denominated in euros or any other foreign currency comparable in credit quality and tenor to those referred to above and customarily used by corporations for cash management purposes in any jurisdiction outside the United States to the extent reasonably required in connection with any business conducted by any Subsidiary organized in such jurisdiction; and     

(j) 
			 investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in money market investment programs that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or that are administered by financial institutions having capital of at least $500,000,000, and, in either case, the portfolios of which are limited such that substantially all of such investments are of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a) through (i) of this definition.     

Permitted Refinancing    means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Indebtedness of such Person;   provided   that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other amounts paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, (b) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(v), Indebtedness resulting from such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, (c) immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (d) if the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Document Obligations, the Indebtedness resulting from such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Document Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended and (e) if the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(ii) or Section 6.01(a)(xxiii), (i) the covenants and events of default (including if applicable, as to collateral but excluding as to subordination, interest rate (including whether such interest is payable in cash or in kind) and redemption premium) of Indebtedness resulting from such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension are not, taken as a whole,  

36 

materially less favorable to the Loan Parties or the Lenders than the terms of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended;   provided   that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms of such resulting Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms are not, taken as a whole, materially less favorable shall satisfy the foregoing requirements in this clause (i), and (ii) the primary obligor in respect of, and the Persons (if any) that Guarantee, Indebtedness resulting from such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension are the primary obligor in respect of, and Persons (if any) that Guaranteed, respectively, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended.  For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that a Permitted Refinancing may constitute a portion of an issuance of Indebtedness in excess of the amount of such Permitted Refinancing;   provided   that such excess amount is otherwise permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01. 

Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt    means secured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of second lien secured notes or second lien secured loans;   provided   that (a) such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral on a junior lien, subordinated basis to the Secured Obligations and the obligations in respect of any Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt and is not secured by any property or assets of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Parties other than the Collateral, (b) such Indebtedness constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Term Loans (including portions of Classes of Term Loans or Other Term Loans) or outstanding Revolving Loans, (c) such Indebtedness does not mature or have scheduled amortization or payments of principal prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date,  (d) the security agreements relating to such Indebtedness are substantially the same as the Security Documents (with such differences as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (e) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Subsidiaries other than the Subsidiary Loan Parties and (f) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to an intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt will include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 

Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt    means unsecured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party in the form of one or more series of senior unsecured notes or loans;   provided   that (a) such Indebtedness constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Term Loans (including portions of Classes of Term Loans or Other Term Loans) or outstanding Revolving Loans, (b) such Indebtedness does not mature or have scheduled amortization or payments of principal prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Indebtedness is incurred, (c) if guaranteed, such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Subsidiaries other than Loan Parties and (d) such Indebtedness is not secured by any Lien on any property or assets of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary.  Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt will include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 

Person    means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Plan    means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an  employer  as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Platform    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01. 

37 

Post-Transaction Period    means, with respect to any Specified Transaction, the period beginning on the date such Specified Transaction is consummated and ending on the last day of the fourth full consecutive fiscal quarter immediately following the date on which such Specified Transaction is consummated. 

Prepayment Event    means: 

(a) 
			 any sale, transfer or other disposition (including by way of merger or consolidation) of any property or asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries permitted by Section 6.05(k) or 6.05(l), or any Casualty Event in respect of any property or asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, other than (i) dispositions and Casualty Events resulting in aggregate Net Proceeds not exceeding (A) $3,500,000 in the case of any single transaction or event or series of related transactions or events and (B) $7,000,000 for all such transactions or events during any fiscal year of the Borrower or (ii) any sale-leaseback transactions permitted by Section 6.06; or     

(b) 
			 the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 (other than Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt and Other Term Loans, each of which shall constitute a Prepayment Event to the extent required by the definition of  Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness ) or permitted by the Required Lenders pursuant to Section 9.02.     

Prime Rate    means the rate of interest quoted in the print edition of   The Wall Street Journal  , Money Rates Section as the Prime Rate (currently defined as the base rate on corporate loans posted by at least 70% of the 10 largest U.S. banks), as in effect from time to time.  The Prime Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer.  The Administrative Agent and any Lender may make commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above or below the Prime Rate. 

Private-Side Information    means any information with respect to CWH, Holdings, the Borrower, any of their subsidiaries or any of their respective securities, that is not Public-Side Information. 

Pro Forma Adjustment    means, for any Test Period that includes all or any part of a fiscal quarter included in any Post-Transaction Period with respect to the Acquired EBITDA of the applicable Pro Forma Entity or the Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower, the pro forma increase or decrease in such Acquired EBITDA or such Consolidated EBITDA, as the case may be, projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized as a result of (a) specified actions either taken or expected to be taken within 12 months after the date of such Specified Transaction for the purposes of realizing cost savings (to the extent that the Borrower reasonably expects to realize such savings within 18 months after such date), in each case so long as such cash savings are reasonably identifiable and quantifiable and factually supportable (as evidenced by a certificate from a Financial Officer), or (b) any additional costs incurred prior to or during such 12-month period in connection with the combination of the operations of such Pro Forma Entity with the operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;   provided   that (i) so long as such actions are taken prior to or during such Post-Transaction Period or such costs are incurred prior to or during such Post-Transaction Period it may be assumed, for purposes of projecting such pro forma increase or decrease to such Acquired EBITDA or Consolidated EBITDA, as the case may be, that such cost savings will be realizable during the entirety of such Test Period, or such additional costs will be incurred during the entirety of such Test Period, (ii) the aggregate amount of add-backs pursuant to this definition in any Test Period shall not exceed 15.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period  

38 

(calculated prior to giving effect to any add-back pursuant to this definition and clause (a)(vi) of the definition of  Consolidated EBITDA ) and (iii) any such pro forma increase or decrease to such Acquired EBITDA or such Consolidated EBITDA, as the case may be, shall be without duplication for cost savings or additional costs already included in such Acquired EBITDA or such Consolidated EBITDA, as the case may be, for such Test Period, and, in the case of cost savings, net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions. 

Pro Forma Basis  ,     Pro Forma Compliance    and    Pro Forma Effect    means, with respect to compliance with any test or covenant hereunder required by the terms of this Agreement to be made on a Pro Forma Basis, that (a) to the extent applicable, the Pro Forma Adjustment shall have been made and (b) all Specified Transactions and the following transactions in connection therewith shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable period of measurement in such test or covenant:  (i) income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Specified Transaction, (A) in the case of a Disposition of all or substantially all Equity Interests in any subsidiary of Holdings or any division, product line, or facility used for operations of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, shall be excluded and (B) in the case of a Permitted Acquisition or Investment described in the definition of  Specified Transaction,  shall be included, (ii) any retirement of Indebtedness, and (iii) any Indebtedness incurred or assumed by Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection therewith and if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination;   provided   that, without limiting the application of the Pro Forma Adjustment pursuant to clause (a) above, the foregoing pro forma adjustments may be applied to any such test or covenant solely to the extent that such adjustments are consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA and give effect to operating expense reductions that are (i) (x) directly attributable to such transaction, (y) expected to have a continuing impact on Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (z) factually supportable or (ii) otherwise consistent with the definition of Pro Forma Adjustment. 

Pro Forma Disposal Adjustment    means, for any Test Period that includes all or a portion of a fiscal quarter included in any Post-Transaction Period with respect to any Sold Business or Entity, the pro forma increase or decrease in Consolidated EBITDA projected by the Borrower in good faith as a result of contractual arrangements between the Borrower or any Subsidiary entered into with such Sold Entity or Business at the time of its disposal or within the Post-Transaction Period and which represent an increase or decrease in Consolidated EBITDA which is incremental to the Disposed EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business for the most recent four quarter period prior to its disposal. 

Pro Forma Entity    has the meaning given to such term in the definition of  Acquired EBITDA.  

Proposed Change    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c). 

Public Company Expenses    means expenses incurred in connection with (a) the IPO Transactions, (b) compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Securities Act of 1933 and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, or the rules of national securities exchanges applicable to companies with listed equity or debt securities, and (c) any other expenses attributable to the status of CWH as a public company, including expenses relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors  fees, directors  and officer s insurance and other executive costs, legal, audit and other professional fees and listing and filing fees. 

Public Lender    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01. 

39 

Public-Side Information    means information that either (a) is publicly available or (b) is not material non-public information (within the meaning of United States Federal and State securities laws and, where applicable, foreign securities laws) concerning CHW, Holdings, the Borrower, any of their subsidiaries or any of their respective securities. 

Qualified Equity Interests    means Equity Interests of Holdings or the Borrower, as applicable, in each case other than Disqualified Equity Interests. 

Qualifying Lender    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Refinanced Debt    has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of  Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness.  

Refinancing     means (a) the payment and discharge of the principal of and interest accrued on all outstanding loans, and all other amounts outstanding or accrued, under the Existing Credit Agreement, the termination of the commitments thereunder and the cancellation or termination of all letters of credit outstanding thereunder and (b) the termination and release of all Guarantees and Liens supporting or securing any of the Indebtedness or other obligations referred to in the foregoing clause (a) or created under the documentation governing any such Indebtedness to support or secure any obligations under Swap Agreements, cash management obligations or other ancillary obligations. 

Refinancing Amendment    means an amendment to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Borrower and Holdings, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Additional Lender and Lender that agrees to provide any portion of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness being incurred pursuant thereto, in accordance with Section 2.21. 

Refinancing/Repricing Premium    means, in connection with a Refinancing/Repricing Transaction, a premium (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount of the Loans that are the subject of such Refinancing/Repricing Transaction) equal to the amount set forth below: 

(i) 
			 before the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date, 1%; and     

(ii) 
			 thereafter, 0%.     

Refinancing/Repricing Transaction    means a refinancing, repayment or prepayment (including, in the case of a conversion, a deemed refinancing, repayment or prepayment) or repricing by the Borrower of the Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date, (a) with the proceeds of any Indebtedness (including, without limitation, any new or additional Term Loans incurred pursuant to a Term Commitment Increase or pursuant to a conversion of Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date into a new Class of Term Loans) or (b) in connection with any amendment to this Agreement resulting, in either case, in an interest rate margin or weighted average yield (after giving effect to, among other factors, interest rate margins, interest rate floors, upfront or similar fees or OID shared with all Lenders or holders thereof (in each case, with upfront or similar fees being deemed to constitute like amounts of OID, and such fees and OID being equated to interest rate margins in a manner consistent with generally accepted financial practice based on an assumed life to maturity of the lesser of four years and the tenor of such Term Loans or other Indebtedness), but excluding the effect of any amendment or similar fees and any arrangement, structuring, syndication or other fees payable in connection therewith that are not shared with all Lenders or holders thereof) on the Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date as so refinanced, repaid, prepaid or repriced that is less than the Applicable Rate for, or weighted average yield (to be  

40 

determined on the same basis) of, such Term Loans determined immediately prior to such refinancing, repayment, prepayment or repricing. 

Register    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 

Registered Equivalent Notes    means, with respect to any notes originally issued in a Rule 144A or other private placement transaction under the Securities Act of 1933, substantially identical notes (having the same Guarantees) issued in a dollar for dollar exchange therefor pursuant to an exchange offer registered with the SEC. 

Related Parties    means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, trustees, agents, controlling persons, advisors and other representatives of such Person and of each of such Person s Affiliates and permitted successors and assigns. 

Release    means any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, emptying, pumping, escaping, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into or through the Environment, including the Environment, within any building, structure, facility or fixture. 

Required Lenders    means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Exposures, Term Loans and unused Commitments (other than Swingline Commitments) representing more than 50% of the Aggregate Revolving Exposure, outstanding Term Loans and unused Commitments (other than Swingline Commitments) at such time;   provided   that to the extent set forth in Sections 9.02 and 9.04, (a) the Term Loans and unused Commitments of any Affiliated Lenders and (b) whenever there are one or more Defaulting Lenders, the total outstanding Term Loans and Revolving Exposures of, and the unused Revolving Commitments of, each Defaulting Lender shall in each case be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 

Required Revolving Lenders    means, at any time, Lenders having more than 50% of (a) the Revolving Commitments or (b) after the termination or expiration of the Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Exposure;   provided   that the Revolving Commitment and the Revolving Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for the purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Lenders. 

Requirements of Law    means, with respect to any Person, any statutes, laws, treaties, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, writs, injunctions or determinations of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 

Responsible Officer    means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, chief administrative agent, chief legal officer, chief operating officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer, or other similar officer, manager or a director of a Loan Party and with respect to certain limited liability companies or partnerships that do not have officers, any manager, sole member, managing member or general partner thereof, and as to any document delivered on the Effective Date or thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of the definition of the term  Collateral and Guarantee Requirement,  any secretary or assistant secretary of a Loan Party.  Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 

41 

Restricted Payment    means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 

Revolving Availability Period    means the period after the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Revolving Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments. 

Revolving Commitment    means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum possible aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or (ii) a Refinancing Amendment or a Revolving Commitment Increase.  The initial amount of each Lender s Revolving Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the Assignment and Assumption or Refinancing Amendment pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Commitment, as the case may be.  The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders  Revolving Commitments is $35,000,000. 

Revolving Commitment Increase    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(a). 

Revolving Commitment Increase Lender    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(f). 

Revolving Exposure    means, with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time.  Solely for purposes of the definitions of  Majority in Interest ,  Required Lenders  and  Required Revolving Lenders , the Revolving Exposure of any Revolving Lender that is a Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude that portion of its Swingline Exposure that exceeds its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, and the unused Revolving Commitment of any such Revolving Lender shall be determined without regard to any such excess amount. 

Revolving Lender    means a Lender with a Revolving Commitment or, if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with Revolving Exposure. 

Revolving Loan    means a Loan made pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.01. 

Revolving Maturity Date    means November 8, 2021 (or, with respect to any Revolving Lender that has extended its Revolving Commitment pursuant to Section 2.21(b), the extended maturity date set forth in the Extension Notice delivered by the Borrower and such Revolving Lender to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.21(b)). 

RV Dealership Acquisition    means an acquisition by any FreedomRoads Entity of a recreation vehicle dealership and the associated goodwill, assets and working capital acquired in connection therewith, and the payment of related transaction fees, costs and expenses. 

42 

SEC    means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 

Secured Obligations    has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement. 

Secured Parties    has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement. 

Security Documents    means the Collateral Agreement, the Mortgages and each other security agreement or pledge agreement executed and delivered pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, Section 5.11 or Section 5.12 to secure any of the Secured Obligations. 

Senior Representative    means, with respect to any series of Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt or Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt or any Permitted Refinancing thereof, the trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities. 

Sold Entity or Business    has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term  Consolidated EBITDA.  

Solicited Discount Proration    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice    means an irrevocable written notice of a Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers made pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D), substantially in the form of   Exhibit N  . 

Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer    means the irrevocable written offer by each Term Lender, substantially in the form of   Exhibit O  , submitted following the Administrative Agent s receipt of a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice. 

Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(D). 

Specified Discount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(B). 

Specified Discount Prepayment Amount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(B). 

Specified Discount Prepayment Notice    means an irrevocable written notice of the Borrower of a Specified Discount Prepayment Notice made pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(ii)(B), substantially in the form of   Exhibit J  . 

Specified Discount Prepayment Response    means the irrevocable written response by each Term Lender, substantially in the form of   Exhibit K  , to a Specified Discount Prepayment Notice. 

Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(B). 

43 

Specified Discount Proration    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(B). 

Specified Transaction    means, with respect to any period, any Investment, sale, transfer or other disposition of assets, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, Restricted Payment, subsidiary designation or other event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires  Pro Forma Compliance  with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. 

Sponsor    means Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. and its Affiliates. 

S P    means Standard   Poor s Ratings Group, a division of S P Global Inc., or any successor to its rating agency business. 

Statutory Reserve Rate    means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve, liquid asset or similar percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by any Governmental Authority of the United States.  Such reserve, liquid asset or similar percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D of the Board of Governors.  Eurocurrency Loans shall be deemed to be subject to such reserve, liquid asset or similar requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any other applicable law, rule or regulation.  The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 

Submitted Amount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C). 

Submitted Discount    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(a)(ii)(C). 

Subordinated Indebtedness    means any Indebtedness that is subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Document Obligations or Indebtedness that is secured by Liens that are junior to the Liens securing the Loan Document Obligations, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof. 

subsidiary    means, with respect to any Person (the    parent   ) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 

Subsidiary    means any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Subsidiary Loan Party    means each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a party to the Guarantee Agreement and the Collateral Agreement. 

Successor Borrower    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03(a)(iv). 

Swap Agreement    means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement or contract involving, or settled by reference to, one or more  

44 

rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions;   provided   that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or the other Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 

Swingline Commitment    means the commitment of the Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans up to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5,000,000. 

Swingline Exposure    means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time.  The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (excluding, in the case of any Revolving Lender that is a Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made by it and outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Revolving Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans), adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.22 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender and outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans. 

Swingline Lender    means (a) Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in its capacity as the lender of Swingline Loans hereunder and (b) each Revolving Lender that shall have become a Swingline Lender hereunder as provided in Section 2.04(d) (other than any Person that shall have ceased to be a Swingline Lender as provided in Section 2.04(e)), each in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 

Swingline Loan    means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04. 

Syndication Agent    means Goldman Sachs Bank USA. 

Tax Receivable Agreement     means the Tax Receivable Agreement dated as of October 6, 2016, by and among CWH, the management representative (as defined therein) and the other members of Holdings party thereto, as in effect on the date hereof. 

Taxes    means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, assessments, fees or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Commitment    means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make a Term Loan hereunder on the Effective Date, expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the Term Loan to be made by such Lender hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption.  The amount of each Lender s Term Commitment as of the Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Term Commitment, as the case may be.  The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders  Term Commitments on the Effective Date is $645,000,000. 

Term Commitment Increase    has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(b). 

Term Lender    means a Lender with a Term Commitment or an outstanding Term Loan. 

45 

Term Loans    means Loans made pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2.01, Other Term Loans and term loans made pursuant to a Term Commitment Increase, as the context requires. 

Term Maturity Date    means November 8, 2023 (or, with respect to any Term Lender that has extended the maturity date of its Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.21(b), the extended maturity date set forth in the Extension Notice delivered by the Borrower and such Term Lender to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.21(b)). 

Test Period    means, at any date of determination, the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower then last ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) of the Existing Credit Agreement). 

Total Leverage Ratio    means, as of any date of determination, the ratio, on a Pro Forma Basis, of (a) Consolidated Net Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period. 

Transaction Costs    means all fees, costs and expenses incurred or payable by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any premiums, prepayment penalties, and write-offs paid or made in connection with the transactions described in clauses (a) and (b) of the definition of  Transactions.  

Transactions    means (a) the Financing Transactions, (b) the Refinancing and (c) the payment of the Transaction Costs. 

Type  ,  when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Alternate Base Rate. 

UCC    means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time (except as otherwise specified) in any applicable state or jurisdiction. 

United States Tax Compliance Certificate    has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(f). 

USA Patriot Act    means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, as amended from time to time. 

Weighted Average Life to Maturity    means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing:  (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary    means, with respect to any Person at any date, a subsidiary of such Person of which securities or other ownership interests representing 100% of the Equity Interests (other than (a) directors  qualifying shares and (b) nominal shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Requirements of Law) are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held by such Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 

46 

Withdrawal Liability    means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers    means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 

Section 1.02           Classification of Loans and Borrowings  .  For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (  e.g  ., a    Revolving Loan   ) or by Type (  e.g  ., a    Eurocurrency Loan   ) or by Class and Type (  e.g  ., a    Eurocurrency Revolving Loan   ).  Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (  e.g  ., a    Revolving Borrowing   ) or by Type (  e.g  ., a    Eurocurrency Borrowing   ) or by Class and Type (  e.g  ., a    Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing   ). 

Section 1.03           Terms Generally  .  The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words  include,   includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation.   The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall.   Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement (including this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (c) the words  herein,   hereof  and  hereunder,  and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words  asset  and  property  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

Section 1.04           Accounting Terms; GAAP  .  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time;   provided  ,   however  , that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof (including any definition) to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.  Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all  

47 

terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Accounting Standards Codification No. 825 Financial Instruments, or any successor thereto (including pursuant to the Accounting Standards Codification), to value any Indebtedness of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary at  fair value  as defined therein.  Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, (A) without giving effect to (x) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification having a similar result or effect) (and related interpretations) to value any Indebtedness at  fair value , as defined therein, or (y) any other accounting principle that results in any Indebtedness being reflected on a balance sheet at an amount less than the stated principal amount thereof (or, in the case of Indebtedness issued at a discount (other than an underwriting discount) to stated principal amount, the issue price thereof plus accreted discount), (B) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) (and related interpretations) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, and (C) without giving effect to any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the implementation of Financial Accounting Standards Board ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015. 

Section 1.05           Conditionality Testing Date  .  Solely for purposes of determining (a) compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with any provision of this Agreement (including showing compliance with the Financial Performance Covenant on a Pro Forma Basis) that requires the calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio or Consolidated EBITDA or (b) whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in each case in connection with any determination as to whether a Limited Conditionality Transaction is permitted to be consummated (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not for purposes of determining whether the Borrower has actually complied with Section 6.11), the date of determination of whether such Limited Conditionality Transaction is permitted hereunder shall, at the option of the Borrower, be the date on which the definitive agreements for such Limited Conditionality Transaction are entered into or the date on which the Borrower or the applicable subsidiary becomes legally obligated to consummate a Limited Conditionality Transaction (the    LCT Test Date   ) (provided that the Borrower exercises such option by delivering to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer prior to the LCT Test Date), with such determination to give Pro Forma Effect to such Limited Conditionality Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent Test Period ending prior to the LCA Test Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower has exercised such option and any of the ratios or amounts for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCA Test Date are exceeded as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio or amount, including due to fluctuations in Consolidated EBITDA or Acquired EBITDA, at or prior to the consummation of the Limited Conditionality Transaction, such ratios will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such fluctuations solely for purposes of determining whether the Limited Conditionality Transaction is permitted to be consummated.  If the Borrower has exercised such option for any Limited Conditionality Transaction, then, in connection with any subsequent calculation of ratios or amounts on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which such Limited Conditionality Transaction is consummated and (ii) the date that the definitive agreements for such Limited Conditionality Transaction are terminated or expire without consummation of such Limited Conditionality Transaction, any such ratio or basket shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Conditionality Transaction and the other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. 

48 

ARTICLE II 

THE CREDITS 

Section 2.01           Commitments  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (a) each Term Lender severally agrees to make a Term Loan to the Borrower denominated in dollars on the Effective Date in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Term Commitment, and (b) each Revolving Lender agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower denominated in dollars from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount which will not result in such Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lender s Revolving Commitment or the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments.  Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans.  Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 

Section 2.02           Loans and Borrowings  . 

(a) 
			 Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class.  The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder,   provided   that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and other than as expressly provided herein with respect to a Defaulting Lender, no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required hereby.     

(b) 
			 Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing and Term Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith;   provided   that all Borrowings made on the Effective Date must be made as ABR Borrowings unless the Borrower shall have given the notice required for a Eurocurrency Borrowing under Section 2.03 and provided an indemnity letter extending the benefits of Section 2.16 to Lenders in respect of such Borrowings.  Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan.  Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan;   provided   that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.     

(c) 
			 At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum;   provided   that a Eurocurrency Borrowing that results from a continuation of an outstanding Eurocurrency Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to such outstanding     Borrowing.  At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum.  Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum.  Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time;   provided   that there shall not at any time be more than a total of six Eurocurrency Borrowings outstanding.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, an ABR Revolving Borrowing or a Swingline Loan may be in an aggregate amount which is equal to the entire unused balance of the aggregate Revolving Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(f).     

Section 2.03           Requests for Borrowings  .  Each Borrowing shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent in the form of a written Borrowing Request, (a) in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon,  

49 

New York City time, one Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing;   provided   that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(f) may be given not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing.  Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable.  Each Borrowing Request shall specify the following information: 

(i) 
			 whether the requested Borrowing is to be a Revolving Borrowing, a Term Borrowing or a Borrowing of any other Class (specifying the Class thereof);     

(ii) 
			 the aggregate amount of such Borrowing;     

(iii) 
			 the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;     

(iv) 
			 whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurocurrency Borrowing;     

(v) 
			 in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term  Interest Period      

(vi) 
			 the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.06, or, in the case of any ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan requested to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(f), the identity of the Issuing Bank that made such LC Disbursement; and     

(vii) 
			 that as of the date of such Borrowing, the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied.     

If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified as to any Borrowing, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing.  If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurocurrency Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration.  Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the applicable Class of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 

Section 2.04           Swingline Loans  . 

(a) 
			 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including Section 2.22), in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04, the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period denominated in dollars, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the outstanding Swingline Loans of the Swingline Lender exceeding its Swingline Commitment, (ii) the Revolving Exposure of the Swingline Lender exceeding its Revolving Commitment or (iii) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments,   provided   that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan.  Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans.     

50 

(b) 
			 To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Swingline Lender of such request in writing or facsimile (confirmed by telephone), not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, or, if agreed by the Swingline Lender, 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the day of such proposed Swingline Loan.  Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the requested date (which shall be a Business Day), (ii) the amount of the requested Swingline Loan and (iii) the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be credited, which shall comply with Section 2.06, or in the case of any Swingline Loan requested to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(f), the identity of the Issuing Bank that made such LC Disbursement.  The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit accounts of the Borrower maintained with the Swingline Lender for the applicable Swingline Loan (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(f), by remittance to the applicable Issuing Bank) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan.  No Swingline Lender shall be under any obligation to make a Swingline Loan if any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, if after giving effect to Section 2.22(a)(iv), any Defaulting Lender Fronting Exposure remains outstanding.     

(c) 
			 The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day require the Revolving Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding.  Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Revolving Lenders will participate.  Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Swingline Loans.  Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Swingline Loans.  Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or any reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.  Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.06 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (with references to 12:00 noon, New York City time, in such Section being deemed to be references to 3:00 p.m., New York City time) (and Section 2.06 shall apply,   mutatis mutandis  , to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders pursuant to this paragraph), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be     made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender.  Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other Person on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted by the Swingline Lender to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear,   provided   that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, and thereafter to the Borrower, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason.  The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof.     

51 

(d) 
			 The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, designate as additional Swingline Lenders one or more Revolving Lenders that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below.  The acceptance by a Revolving Lender of an appointment as a Swingline Lender hereunder shall be evidenced by an agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such designated Swingline Lender, and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such Revolving Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement and (ii) references herein to the term  Swingline Lender  shall be deemed to include such Revolving Lender in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder.     

(e) 
			 The Borrower may terminate the appointment of any Swingline Lender as a  Swingline Lender  hereunder by providing a written notice thereof to such Swingline Lender, with a copy to the Administrative Agent.  Any such termination shall become effective upon the earlier of (i) such Swingline Lender s acknowledging receipt of such notice and (ii) the fifth Business Day following the date of the delivery thereof,   provided   that no such termination shall become effective until and unless the Swingline Exposure of such Swingline Lender shall have been reduced to zero.  Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such termination, the terminated Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to such termination, but shall not make any additional Swingline Loans.     

(f) 
			 If at any time that Swingline Loans are outstanding a Revolving Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders that are Revolving Lenders in accordance with Section 2.22(a)(iv).  If such reallocation cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice and request by the Administrative Agent prepay such unreallocated portion of the Swingline Loans.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Swingline Lender shall be under no obligation to make any Swingline Loan at any time that any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender unless it is reasonably satisfied that the related exposure will be 100% covered by the Revolving Commitments of the Non-Defaulting Lenders and participating interests in any such newly made Swingline Loan shall be allocated among Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.22(a)(iv).     

Section 2.05           Letters of Credit  . 

(a) 
			 General  .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including Section 2.22), each Issuing Bank agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 2.05, to issue standby Letters of Credit for the Borrower s own account (or for the account of any Subsidiary of the Borrower so long as the Borrower and such Subsidiary are co-applicants in respect of such Letter of Credit), in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, which shall reflect the standard operating procedures of such Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time     during the Revolving Availability Period and prior to the fifth Business Day prior to the Revolving Maturity Date.  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the applicable Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.     

(b) 
			 Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions  .  To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall deliver in writing by hand delivery or facsimile (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the recipient) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (at least five Business Days before the requested date of issuance, amendment,     

52 

renewal or extension or such shorter period as the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent may agree) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (d) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit.  If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit.  A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, (i) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments, (ii) the aggregate LC Exposure shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit and (iii) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 shall have been satisfied.  No Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any law or regulation applicable to such Issuing Bank or any directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Effective Date and which such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it, (ii) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Bank, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $500,000, (iii) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, if after giving effect to Section 2.22(a)(iv), any Defaulting Lender Fronting Exposure remains outstanding, unless such Issuing Bank has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of cash collateral, reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate such Issuing Bank s Defaulting Lender Fronting Exposure arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or such Letter of Credit and all other LC Exposure as to which such Issuing Bank has Defaulting Lender Fronting Exposure, (iv) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the day that is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Maturity Date, unless such Letter of Credit has been cash collateralized or backstopped in a manner acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank or (v) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate any policies of the applicable Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 

(c) 
			 Notice  .  Each Issuing Bank agrees that it shall not permit any issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit to occur unless it shall have confirmed with the Administrative Agent that such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension  is permitted under Section 2.05(b).     

(d) 
			 Expiration Date  .  Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date that is one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Maturity Date;   provided   that if such expiry date is not a Business Day, such Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the next succeeding Business Day;   provided further  , that any Letter of Credit may, upon the request of the Borrower, include a provision whereby such Letter of Credit shall be renewed automatically for additional consecutive periods of one year or less (but not beyond the date that is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Maturity Date except to the extent cash collateralized or backstopped pursuant to arrangements acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank) unless the applicable Issuing Bank notifies the beneficiary thereof within the      

53 

time period specified in such Letter of Credit or, if no such time period is specified, at least 30 days prior to the then-applicable expiration date, that such Letter of Credit will not be renewed. 

(e) 
			 Participations  .  By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank that is the issuer thereof or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit.  In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason.  Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or any reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.  Each Revolving Lender further acknowledges and agrees that, in issuing, amending, renewing or extending any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank shall be entitled to rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon the representation and warranty of the Borrower deemed made pursuant to Section 4.02, unless, at least one Business Day prior to the time such Letter of Credit is issued, amended, renewed or extended (or, in the case of an automatic renewal permitted pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section, at least one Business Day prior to the time by which the election not to extend must be made by the applicable Issuing Bank), the Majority in Interest of the Revolving Lenders shall have notified the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in writing that, as a result of one or more events or circumstances described in such notice, one or more of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02(a) or 4.02(b) would not be satisfied if such Letter of Credit were then issued, amended, renewed or extended (it being understood and agreed that, in the event any Issuing Bank shall have received any such notice, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit until and unless it shall be satisfied that the events and circumstances described in such notice shall have been cured or otherwise shall have ceased to exist).     

(f) 
			 Reimbursement  .  If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, such Issuing Bank shall notify the Borrower of such LC Disbursement in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.05(h), and the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement (i) on the same day if notified by such Issuing Bank prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of such payment and (ii) not later than 4:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives notice of such LC Disbursement if notified by such Issuing Bank after 11:00 a.m., New York City     time, on the date of such payment,   provided   that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.04 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing or a Swingline Loan, in each case in an equivalent amount, and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan.  If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof.  Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in dollars and in the same manner as provided in Section 2.06 with respect to      

54 

Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply,   mutatis mutandis  , to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders pursuant to this paragraph), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders.  Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Revolving Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear.  Any payment made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse any Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 

(g) 
			 Obligations Absolute  .  The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section is absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder.  None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Banks;   provided   that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof.  The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any Issuing Bank (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, nonappealable judgment), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination.  In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to     accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit, and any such acceptance or refusal shall be deemed not to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct.     

(h) 
			 Disbursement Procedures  .  Each Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit.  Each Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by hand delivery or facsimile) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder;   provided   that any failure to give or delay in      

55 

giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement in accordance with paragraph (f) of this Section. 

(i) 
			 Interim Interest  .  If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans;   provided   that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section, then Section 2.13(c) shall apply.  Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Revolving Lender to the extent of such payment and shall be payable on demand or, if no demand has been made, on the date on which the Borrower reimburses the applicable LC Disbursement in full.     

(j) 
			 Cash Collateralization  .  If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day on which the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, the Required Revolving Lenders) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit and pledge (as a perfected first priority security interest) in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Issuing Banks and the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender), an amount of cash in dollars equal to 105% of the portions of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit, as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon;   provided   that the obligation to deposit and pledge such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in paragraph (h) or (i) of Section 7.01.  The Borrower also shall deposit cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.11(b).  Each such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.  At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, if any Defaulting Lender Fronting Exposure remains outstanding (after giving effect to Section 2.22(a)(iv)), then promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, the Borrower shall deliver and pledge to the Administrative Agent cash in an amount sufficient to cover such Defaulting Lender Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to any cash collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender).  The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account.  Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent in Permitted Investments and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest.  Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account.  Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Banks for LC Disbursements for which they have not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time.  If     the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default or the existence of a Defaulting Lender, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived or the termination of Defaulting Lender status, as applicable.  If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder pursuant to Section 2.11(b), such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower as and to the extent that, after giving effect to      

56 

such return, the Borrower would remain in compliance with Section 2.11(b) and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(k) 
			 Designation of Additional Issuing Banks  .  The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld), designate as additional Issuing Banks one or more Revolving Lenders that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below.  The acceptance by a Revolving Lender of an appointment as an Issuing Bank hereunder shall be evidenced by an agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such designated Revolving Lender and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such Revolving Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement and (ii) references herein to the term  Issuing Bank  shall be deemed to include such Revolving Lender in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder.     

(l) 
			 Termination of an Issuing Bank  .  The Borrower may terminate the appointment of any Issuing Bank as an  Issuing Bank  hereunder by providing a written notice thereof to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent.  Any such termination shall become effective upon the earlier of (i) such Issuing Bank s acknowledging receipt of such notice and (ii) the fifth Business Day following the date of the delivery thereof;   provided   that no such termination shall become effective until and unless the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (or its Affiliates) shall have been reduced to zero.  At the time any such termination shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the terminated Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b).  Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such termination, the terminated Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such termination, but shall not issue any additional Letters of Credit.     

(m) 
			 Issuing Bank Reports to the Administrative Agent  .  Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) periodic activity (for such period or recurrent periods as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent) in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, including all issuances, extensions, amendments and renewals, all expirations and cancellations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) within five Business Days following the time that such Issuing Bank issues, amends, renews or extends any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the face amount of the Letters of Credit issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed), (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, the date and amount of such LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such LC Disbursement and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank.     

(n) 
			 Applicability of ISP  .  Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit.     

57 

Section 2.06           Funding of Borrowings  . 

(a) 
			 Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12:00 noon, New York City time, to the Applicable Account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders;   provided   that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.04.  The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Borrower designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request;   provided   that (i) Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.04 and (ii) ABR Revolving Borrowings made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(f) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to Section 2.05(f) to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear.     

(b) 
			 Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance on such assumption and in its sole discretion, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount.  In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such share on demand of the Administrative Agent.  If such Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon demand of the Administrative Agent therefor, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower, and the Borrower agrees to pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand.  The Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover from such Lender or the Borrower interest on such corresponding amount, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to such Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.13.  If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing.     

(c) 
			 The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Term Loans and Revolving Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 9.03(c) are several and not joint.  The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 9.03(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 9.03(c).     

Section 2.07           Interest Elections  . 

(a) 
			 Each Revolving Borrowing and Term Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request or designated by Section 2.03 and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request or designated by Section 2.03.  Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section.  The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably      

58 

among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.  This Section shall not apply to Swingline Loans, which may not be converted or continued. 

(b) 
			 To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election in writing by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election.  Each such written Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable.     

(c) 
			 Each Interest Election Request shall be in writing and shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.03:     

(i) 
			 the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);     

(ii) 
			 the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;     

(iii) 
			 whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurocurrency Borrowing; and     

(iv) 
			 if the resulting Borrowing is to be a Eurocurrency Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term  Interest Period.      

If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 

(d) 
			 Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the applicable Class of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing.     

(e) 
			 If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurocurrency Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing.  Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurocurrency Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the applicable Interest Period.     

Section 2.08           Termination and Reduction of Commitments  . 

(a) 
			 Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving Maturity Date.     

59 

(b) 
			 The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments of any Class,   provided   that (i) each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than $1,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the Aggregate Revolving Exposure would exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments.     

(c) 
			 The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least one Business Day prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof.  Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof.  Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable,   provided   that a notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of other Indebtedness or the occurrence of some other identifiable event or condition, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date of termination) if such condition is not satisfied.  Any termination or reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be permanent.  Each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments of such Class.     

Section 2.09           Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt  . 

(a) 
			 The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan of such Lender on the Revolving Maturity Date, (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Term Loan of such Lender as provided in Section 2.10 and (iii) to the Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent, as provided in Section 2.04(c), the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan made by the Swingline Lender on the earlier to occur of (A) the date that is 10 Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made and (B) the Revolving Maturity Date;   provided   that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans that were outstanding on the date such Borrowing was requested.     

(b) 
			 Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.     

(c) 
			 The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof.     

(d) 
			 The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be conclusive absent manifest error;   provided   that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to pay any amounts due hereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  In the event of any inconsistency between the entries made pursuant to paragraphs (b) and     

60 

(c) of this Section, the accounts maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall control. 

(e) 
			 The Term Loans made by each Term Lender shall, at the request of such Term Lender, be evidenced by a promissory note of the Borrower in substantially the form of   Exhibit T  , payable to such Term Lender and otherwise duly completed.  The Revolving Loans (other than Swingline Loans) made by each Revolving Lender shall, at the request of such Revolving Lender, be evidenced by a promissory note of the Borrower in substantially the form of   Exhibit U  , dated (i) the Effective Date or (ii) the effective date of an Assignment pursuant to Section 9.04(b), payable to such Revolving Lender in a principal amount as originally in effect and otherwise duly completed and such substitute Notes as required by Section 9.04(b).  The Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender resulting from the advances under Section 2.04 shall, at the request of the Swingline Lender, be evidenced by a promissory note of the Borrower in substantially the form of   Exhibit V  , payable to the Swingline Lender in a principal amount equal to the Swingline Commitment.  The date, amount, Type, interest rate and Interest Period of each Loan made by each Lender, and all payments made on account of the principal thereof, shall be recorded by such Lender on its books for its Notes, and, prior to any transfer may be endorsed by such Lender on the schedule attached to such Notes or any continuation thereof or on any separate record maintained by such Lender.  Failure to make any such notation or to attach a schedule shall not affect any Lender s or the Borrower s rights or obligations in respect of such Loans or affect the validity of such transfer by any Lender of its Note.     

Section 2.10           Amortization of Term Loans  . 

(a) 
			 Subject to adjustment pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, the Borrower shall repay Term Borrowings on the last day of each March, June, September and December (commencing on March 31, 2017) in a principal amount equal to (i) the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans made on the Effective Date multiplied by (ii) 0.250%;    provided   that if any such date is not a Business Day, such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day.     

(b) 
			 To the extent not previously paid, all Term Loans shall be due and payable on the Term Maturity Date.     

(c) 
			 Any prepayment of a Term Borrowing of any Class (i) pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(i) shall be applied to reduce the subsequent scheduled and outstanding repayments of the Term Borrowings of such Class to be made pursuant to this Section as directed by the Borrower (and absent such direction in direct order of maturity) and (ii) pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or 2.11(d) shall be applied to reduce the subsequent scheduled and outstanding repayments of the Term Borrowings of such Class to be made pursuant to this Section, or, except as otherwise provided in any Refinancing Amendment, pursuant to the corresponding section of such Refinancing Amendment, ratably in accordance with the amounts thereof.     

(d) 
			 Prior to any repayment of any Term Borrowings of any Class hereunder, the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings of the applicable Class to be repaid and shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by hand delivery or facsimile) of such election not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, one Business Day before the scheduled date of such repayment.  In the absence of a designation by the Borrower as described in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent shall make such designation in its reasonable discretion with a view, but no obligation, to minimize breakage costs owing under Section 2.16.  Each repayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the repaid Borrowing.  Repayments of Term Borrowings shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the amount repaid.     

61 

Section 2.11           Prepayment of Loans  . 

(a) 
			 (i)  The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to the requirement to pay any amounts required pursuant to paragraph (g) of this Section.     

(ii) 
			 Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, so long as (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) no proceeds of Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans are used for this purpose, the Borrower may offer to prepay the outstanding Term Loans on the following basis:     

(A) 
			 The Borrower shall have the right to make a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a discount to par (such prepayment, a    Discounted Term Loan Prepayment   ) pursuant to a Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment, Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers or Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers, in each case made in accordance with this Section 2.11(a)(ii);   provided    that the Borrower shall not initiate any action under this Section 2.11(a)(ii) in order to make a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment unless (I) at least 10 Business Days shall have passed since the consummation of the most recent Discounted Term Loan Prepayment as a result of a prepayment made by the Borrower on the applicable Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, or (II) at least three Business Days shall have passed since the date the Borrower was notified that no Term Lender was willing to accept any prepayment of any Term Loan at the Specified Discount, within the Discount Range or at any discount to par value, as applicable, or in the case of any Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers, the date of the Borrower s election not to accept any Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers;   provided further  , that any Term Loan that is prepaid shall be automatically and irrevocably cancelled and the Register shall be updated to reflect such cancellation (calculated on the par amount thereof) immediately upon acquisition by the Borrower.     

(B) 
			 (1)  Subject to the provisos to paragraph (A) above, the Borrower may from time to time offer to make a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment by providing the Auction Agent with three Business Days  notice in the form of a Specified Discount Prepayment Notice;   provided   that (I) any such offer shall be made available, at the sole discretion of the Borrower, to each Term Lender and/or each Lender with respect to any Class of Term Loans on an individual Class basis (but, for the avoidance of doubt, pro rata to all Lenders within each applicable Class), (II) any such offer shall specify the aggregate principal amount offered to be prepaid (the    Specified Discount Prepayment Amount   ) with respect to each applicable Class, the Class or Classes of Term Loans subject to such offer and the specific percentage discount to par (the    Specified Discount   ) of such Term Loans to be prepaid (it being understood that different Specified Discounts and/or Specified Discount Prepayment Amounts may be offered with respect to different Classes of Term Loans and, in such an event, each such offer will be treated as a separate offer pursuant to the terms of this Section), (III) the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate amount not less than $500,000 and whole increments of $100,000 in excess thereof and (IV) each such offer shall remain outstanding through the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date.  The Auction Agent will promptly provide each relevant Term Lender with a copy of such Specified Discount Prepayment Notice and a form of the Specified Discount Prepayment Response to be completed and returned by each such Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to the relevant Term Lenders (the    Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date   ).     

62 

(2) 
			 Each relevant Term Lender receiving such offer shall notify the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date whether or not it agrees to accept a prepayment of any of its relevant then outstanding Term Loans at the Specified Discount and, if so (such accepting Term Lender, a    Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender   ), the amount and the Classes of such Lender s Term Loans to be prepaid at such Specified Discount.  Each acceptance of a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment by a Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender shall be irrevocable.  Any Term Lender whose Specified Discount Prepayment Response is not received by the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to accept the applicable Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment.     

(3) 
			 If there is at least one Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender, the Borrower will make a prepayment of outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this paragraph (B) to each Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender in accordance with the respective outstanding amount and Classes of Term Loans specified in such Lender s Specified Discount Prepayment Response given pursuant to subsection (2);   provided   that, if the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans accepted for prepayment by all Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders of any Class exceeds the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount for such Class, such prepayment shall be made pro rata among the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders of such Class in accordance with the respective principal amounts accepted to be prepaid by each such Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender, and the Auction Agent (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its reasonable discretion) will calculate such proration (the    Specified Discount Proration   ).  The Auction Agent shall promptly, and in any case within three Business Days following the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date, notify (I) the Borrower of the respective Term Lenders  responses to such offer, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and the aggregate principal amount of the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and the Classes to be prepaid, (II) each Term Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, and the aggregate principal amount and the Classes of Term Loans to be prepaid at the Specified Discount on such date and (III) each Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender of the Specified Discount Proration, if any, and confirmation of the principal amount, Class and Type of Loans of such Lender to be prepaid at the Specified Discount on such date.  Each determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error.  The payment amount specified in such notice to the Borrower shall be due and payable by the Borrower on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with paragraph (F) below (subject to paragraph (J) below).     

(C) 
			 (1)  Subject to the provisos to paragraph (A) above, the Borrower may from time to time solicit Discount Range Prepayment Offers by providing the Auction Agent with three Business Days  notice in the form of a Discount Range Prepayment Notice;   provided   that (I) any such solicitation shall be extended, at the sole discretion of the Borrower, to each Term Lender and/or each Lender with respect to any Class of Loans on an individual Class basis (but, for the avoidance of doubt, pro rata to all Lenders within each applicable Class), (II) any such notice shall specify the maximum aggregate principal amount of the relevant Term Loans (the    Discount Range Prepayment Amount   ), the Class or Classes of Term Loans subject to such offer and the maximum and minimum percentage discounts to par (the    Discount Range   ) of the principal amount of such Term Loans with respect to each relevant Class of Term Loans willing to be prepaid by the Borrower (it being understood that different Discount Ranges and/or Discount Range Prepayment Amounts may be offered with respect to different Classes of Term Loans and, in such an event, each such offer will be treated as a separate offer pursuant to the terms of this      

63 

Section), (III) the Discount Range Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate amount not less than $500,000 and whole increments of $100,000 in excess thereof and (IV) each such solicitation by the Borrower shall remain outstanding through the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date.  The Auction Agent will promptly provide each relevant Term Lender with a copy of such Discount Range Prepayment Notice and a form of the Discount Range Prepayment Offer to be submitted by a responding relevant Term Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to the relevant Term Lenders (the    Discount Range Prepayment Response Date   ).  Each relevant Term Lender s Discount Range Prepayment Offer shall be irrevocable and shall specify a discount to par within the Discount Range (the    Submitted Discount   ) at which such Term Lender is willing to allow prepayment of any or all of its then outstanding Term Loans of the applicable Class or Classes and the maximum aggregate principal amount and Classes of such Lender s Term Loans (the    Submitted Amount   ) such Lender is willing to have prepaid at the Submitted Discount.  Any Term Lender whose Discount Range Prepayment Offer is not received by the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to accept a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment of any of its Term Loans at any discount to their par value within the Discount Range. 

(2) 
			 The Auction Agent shall review all Discount Range Prepayment Offers received on or before the applicable Discount Range Prepayment Response Date and shall determine (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its reasonable discretion) the Applicable Discount and Term Loans to be prepaid at such Applicable Discount in accordance with this paragraph (C).  The Borrower agrees to accept on the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date all Discount Range Prepayment Offers received by the Auction Agent by the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date, in the order from the Submitted Discount that is the largest discount to par to the Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par, up to and including the Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par within the Discount Range (such Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par within the Discount Range being referred to as the    Applicable Discount   ) which yields a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment in an aggregate principal amount equal to the lower of (I) the Discount Range Prepayment Amount and (II) the sum of all Submitted Amounts.  Each Lender that has submitted a Discount Range Prepayment Offer to accept prepayment at a discount to par that is larger than or equal to the Applicable Discount shall be deemed to have irrevocably consented to prepayment of Term Loans equal to its Submitted Amount (subject to any required proration pursuant to the following paragraph (3)) at the Applicable Discount (each such Lender, a    Participating Lender   ).     

(3) 
			 If there is at least one Participating Lender, the Borrower will prepay the respective outstanding Term Loans of each Participating Lender in the aggregate principal amount and of the Classes specified in such Lender s Discount Range Prepayment Offer at the Applicable Discount;   provided   that if the Submitted Amount by all Participating Lenders offered at a discount to par greater than the Applicable Discount exceeds the Discount Range Prepayment Amount, prepayment of the principal amount of the relevant Term Loans for those Participating Lenders whose Submitted Discount is a discount to par greater than or equal to the Applicable Discount (the    Identified Participating Lenders   ) shall be made pro rata among the Identified Participating Lenders in accordance with the Submitted Amount of each such Identified Participating Lender and the Auction Agent (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its reasonable discretion) will calculate such proration (the    Discount Range Proration   ).  The Auction Agent shall promptly, and in any case      

64 

within five Business Days following the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date, notify (I) the Borrower of the respective Term Lenders  responses to such solicitation, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Applicable Discount, and the aggregate principal amount of the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and the Classes to be prepaid, (II) each Term Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Applicable Discount, and the aggregate principal amount and Classes of Term Loans to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, (III) each Participating Lender of the aggregate principal amount and the Classes of Term Loans of such Lender to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, and (IV) if applicable, each Identified Participating Lender of the Discount Range Proration.  Each determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error.  The payment amount specified in such notice to the Borrower shall be due and payable by such Borrower on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with paragraph (F) below (subject to paragraph (J) below). 

(D) 
			 (1)  Subject to the provisos to paragraph (A) above, the Borrower may from time to time solicit Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers by providing the Auction Agent with three Business Days  notice in the form of a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice;   provided   that (I) any such solicitation shall be extended, at the sole discretion of the Borrower, to each Term Lender and/or each Lender with respect to any Class of Term Loans on an individual tranche basis (but, for the avoidance of doubt, pro rata to all Lenders within each applicable Class), (II) any such notice shall specify the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans (the    Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount   ) and the Class or Classes of Term Loans the Borrower is willing to prepay at a discount (it being understood that different Solicited Discount Prepayment Amounts may be offered with respect to different Classes of Term Loans and, in such an event, each such offer will be treated as a separate offer pursuant to the terms of this Section), (III) the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate amount not less than $500,000 and whole increments of $100,000 in excess thereof and (IV) each such solicitation by the Borrower shall remain outstanding through the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date.  The Auction Agent will promptly provide each relevant Term Lender with a copy of such Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice and a form of the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer to be submitted by a responding relevant Term Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to the relevant Term Lenders (the    Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date   ).  Each relevant Term Lender s Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer shall (x) be irrevocable, (y) remain outstanding until the Acceptance Date, and (z) specify both a discount to par (the    Offered Discount   ) at which such Term Lender is willing to allow prepayment of its then outstanding Term Loan and the maximum aggregate principal amount and tranches of such Term Loans (the    Offered Amount   ) such Lender is willing to have prepaid at the Offered Discount.  Any Term Lender whose Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer is not received by the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined prepayment of any of its Term Loans at any discount.     

(2) 
			 The Auction Agent shall promptly provide the Borrower with a copy of all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers received on or before the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date.  The Borrower shall review all such Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers and select the smallest of the Offered Discounts specified by the relevant responding Term Lenders in the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers that is acceptable to the Borrower (the    Acceptable Discount   ), if any.  If the Borrower elects to accept any Offered     

65 

Discount as the Acceptable Discount, then as soon as practicable after the determination of the Acceptable Discount, but in no event later than by the third Business Day after the date of receipt by the Borrower from the Auction Agent of a copy of all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers pursuant to the first sentence of this paragraph (2) (the    Acceptance Date   ), the Borrower shall submit an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice to the Auction Agent setting forth the Acceptable Discount.  If the Auction Agent shall fail to receive an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice from the Borrower by the Acceptance Date, the Borrower shall be deemed to have rejected all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers. 

(3) 
			 Based upon the Acceptable Discount and the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers received by Auction Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date, within three Business Days after receipt of an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice (the    Discounted Prepayment Determination Date   ), the Auction Agent will determine (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its sole reasonable discretion) the aggregate principal amount and the Classes of Term Loans (the    Acceptable Prepayment Amount   ) to be prepaid by the Borrower at the Acceptable Discount in accordance with this paragraph (D).  If the Borrower elects to accept any Acceptable Discount, then the Borrower agrees to accept all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers received by Auction Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date, in the order from largest Offered Discount to smallest Offered Discount, up to and including the Acceptable Discount.  Each Lender that has submitted a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer with an Offered Discount that is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount shall be deemed to have irrevocably consented to prepayment of Term Loans equal to its Offered Amount (subject to any required pro rata reduction pursuant to the following sentence) at the Acceptable Discount (each such Lender, a    Qualifying Lender   ).  The Borrower will prepay outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this paragraph (D) to each Qualifying Lender in the aggregate principal amount and of the Classes specified in such Lender s Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer at the Acceptable Discount;   provided   that if the aggregate Offered Amount by all Qualifying Lenders whose Offered Discount is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount exceeds the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount, prepayment of the principal amount of the Term Loans for those Qualifying Lenders whose Offered Discount is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount (the    Identified Qualifying Lenders   ) shall be made pro rata among the Identified Qualifying Lenders in accordance with the Offered Amount of each such Identified Qualifying Lender and the Auction Agent (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its sole reasonable discretion) will calculate such proration (the    Solicited Discount Proration   ).  On or prior to the Discounted Prepayment Determination Date, the Auction Agent shall promptly notify (I) the Borrower of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and Acceptable Prepayment Amount comprising the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and the Classes to be prepaid, (II) each Term Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Acceptable Discount, and the Acceptable Prepayment Amount of all Term Loans and the Classes to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, (III) each Qualifying Lender of the aggregate principal amount and the Classes of Term Loans of such Lender to be prepaid at the Acceptable Discount on such date, and (IV) if applicable, each Identified Qualifying Lender of the Solicited Discount Proration.  Each determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to such Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error.  The payment amount specified in such notice to such Borrower shall be due and payable by such Borrower on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with paragraph (F) below (subject to paragraph (J) below).     

66 

(E) 
			 In connection with any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment, the Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Auction Agent may require, as a condition to any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment, the payment of customary fees and expenses from the Borrower in connection therewith.     

(F) 
			 If any Term Loan is prepaid in accordance with paragraphs (B) through (D) above, the Borrower shall prepay such Term Loans on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date.  The Borrower shall make such prepayment to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders, Participating Lenders, or Qualifying Lenders, as applicable, to the account specified by the Administrative Agent for such purpose in immediately available funds not later than 11:00 a.m.,  New York City time, on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and all such prepayments shall be applied to the remaining principal installments of the relevant Class of Term Loans on a pro rata basis across such installments.  The Term Loans so prepaid shall be accompanied by all accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount so prepaid up to, but not including, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date.  Each prepayment of outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(a)(ii) shall be paid to the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders, Participating Lenders, or Qualifying Lenders, as applicable.  The aggregate principal amount of the Classes and installments of the relevant Term Loans outstanding shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Classes of Term Loans prepaid on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment.     

(G) 
			 To the extent not expressly provided for herein, each Discounted Term Loan Prepayment shall be consummated pursuant to procedures consistent with the provisions in this Section 2.11(a)(ii) established by the Auction Agent acting in its reasonable discretion and as reasonably agreed by the Borrower.     

(H) 
			 Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, for purposes of this Section 2.11(a)(ii), each notice or other communication required to be delivered or otherwise provided to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) shall be deemed to have been given upon the Auction Agent s (or its delegate s) actual receipt during normal business hours of such notice or communication;   provided   that any notice or communication actually received outside of normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given as of the opening of business of the Auction Agent on the next Business Day.     

(I) 
			 Each of the Borrower and the Lenders acknowledges and agrees that the Auction Agent may perform any and all of its duties under this Section 2.11(a)(ii) by itself or through any Affiliate of the Auction Agent and expressly consents to any such delegation of duties by the Auction Agent to such Affiliate and the performance of such delegated duties by such Affiliate.  The exculpatory provisions pursuant to this Agreement shall apply to each Affiliate of the Auction Agent and its respective activities in connection with any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment provided for in this Section 2.11(a)(ii) as well as activities of the Auction Agent.     

(J) 
			 The Borrower shall have the right, by written notice to the Auction Agent, to revoke in full (but not in part) its offer to make a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and rescind the applicable Specified Discount Prepayment Notice, Discount Range Prepayment Notice or Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice therefor at its discretion at any time on or prior to the applicable Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date (and if such offer is revoked pursuant to the preceding clauses, any failure by such Borrower to make any prepayment to a Term      

67 

Lender, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 2.11(a)(ii) shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default under Section 7.01 or otherwise). 

(b) 
			 In the event and on each occasion that the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeds the aggregate Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall prepay Revolving Borrowings or Swingline Loans (or, if no such Borrowings are outstanding, deposit cash collateral in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.05(j)) in an aggregate amount necessary to eliminate such excess.     

(c) 
			 In the event and on each occasion that any Net Proceeds are received by or on behalf of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Prepayment Event, the Borrower shall, within five Business Days after such Net Proceeds are received (or, in the case of a Prepayment Event described in clause (b) of the definition of the term  Prepayment Event,  on the date of such Prepayment Event), prepay Term Borrowings in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of the amount of such Net Proceeds;   provided   that, in the case of any event described in clause (a) of the definition of the term  Prepayment Event , if the Borrower and its Subsidiaries invest the Net Proceeds from such event (or a portion thereof) within 365 days after receipt of such Net Proceeds (or within a period of 180 days thereafter, if by the end of such initial 365-day period the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall have entered into a binding commitment with a third party to so invest such Net Proceeds) in assets useful in the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including any acquisitions permitted under Section 6.04), then no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this paragraph in respect of such Net Proceeds of such event (or the applicable portion of such Net Proceeds, if applicable) except to the extent of any such Net Proceeds therefrom that have not been so invested by the end of such 365-day period (or within a period of 180 days thereafter, if by the end of such initial 365-day period the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall have entered into a binding commitment with a third party to so invest such Net Proceeds), at which time a prepayment shall be required in an amount equal to such Net Proceeds that have not been so invested (or committed to be invested).     

(d) 
			 Following the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017, the Borrower shall prepay Term Loans in an aggregate amount equal to the ECF Percentage of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year;   provided   that such amount shall be reduced by the aggregate amount of prepayments of Term Loans (and, to the extent the Revolving Commitments are reduced in a corresponding amount pursuant to Section 2.08, Revolving Loans) made pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(i) during such fiscal year (excluding all such prepayments funded with the proceeds of other Indebtedness).  Each prepayment pursuant to this paragraph shall be made on or before the date that is 15 days after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) with respect to the fiscal year for which Excess Cash Flow is being calculated.     

(e) 
			 Prior to any optional prepayment of Borrowings pursuant to Section 2.11(a)(i), the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and shall specify such selection in the notice of such prepayment pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section.  In the event of any mandatory prepayment of Term Borrowings made at a time when Term Borrowings of more than one Class remain outstanding, the Borrower shall select Term Borrowings to be prepaid so that the aggregate amount of such prepayment is allocated between Term Borrowings (and, to the extent provided in the Refinancing Amendment for any Class of Other Term Loans, the Borrowings of such Class) pro rata based on the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Borrowings of each such Class;   provided   that any Term Lender (and, to the extent provided in the Refinancing Amendment for any Class of Other Term Loans, any Lender that holds Other Term Loans of such Class) may elect, by notice to the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by facsimile) at least two Business Days prior to the prepayment date, to decline all or any portion of any prepayment of its Term Loans or Other Term Loans of any such Class pursuant      

68 

to this Section (other than an optional prepayment pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of this Section, which may not be declined), in which case the aggregate amount of the prepayment that would have been applied to prepay Term Loans or Other Term Loans of any such Class but was so declined shall be retained by the Borrower.  Optional prepayments of Term Borrowings shall be allocated among the Classes of Term Borrowings as directed by the Borrower.  In the absence of a designation by the Borrower as described in the preceding provisions of this paragraph of the Type of Borrowing of any Class, the Administrative Agent shall make such designation in its reasonable discretion with a view, but no obligation, to minimize breakage costs owing under Section 2.16;   provided   that, in connection with any mandatory prepayments by the Borrower of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or (d) such prepayments shall be applied on a pro rata basis to the then outstanding Term Loans being prepaid irrespective of whether such outstanding Term Loans are ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans;   provided further   that if no Lenders exercise the right to waive a given mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(e), then, with respect to such mandatory prepayment, the amount of such mandatory prepayment shall be applied first to Term Loans that are ABR Loans to the full extent thereof before application to Term Loans that are Eurocurrency Loans in a manner that minimizes the amount of any payments required to be made by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.16. 

(f) 
			 The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) in writing substantially in the form of   Exhibit S   (confirmed by facsimile) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment or (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment.  Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment;   provided   that a notice of optional prepayment may state that such notice is conditional upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of other Indebtedness or the occurrence of some other identifiable event or condition, in which case such notice of prepayment may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified date of prepayment) if such condition is not satisfied;   provided further   that any notice of mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or (d) must be delivered not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment.  Promptly following receipt of any such notice (other than a notice relating solely to Swingline Loans), the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof.  Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment.  Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing.     

(g) 
			 All prepayments hereunder shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13, (ii) any amounts payable as provided in Section 2.16 and (iii) to the extent the prepayment is a result of a Refinancing/Repricing Transaction, the applicable Refinancing/Repricing Premium, if any.  For purposes of the foregoing, an assignment by a Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to Section 9.02(c) in connection with a Refinancing/Repricing Transaction shall be deemed to be a prepayment of the Loans assigned by such Non-Consenting Lender.     

Section 2.12           Fees  . 

(a) 
			 The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent in dollars for the account of each Revolving Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.50% per annum on the average daily unused amount of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and      

69 

including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate.  Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date.  All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).  For purposes of computing commitment fees, a Revolving Commitment of a Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure of such Lender (and the Swingline Exposure of such Lender shall be disregarded for such purpose). 

(b) 
			 The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent in dollars for the account of each Revolving Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Revolving Loans on the daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to and including the later of the date on which such Lender s Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank in dollars a fronting fee, which shall accrue at a rate equal to 0.25% per annum (or such lower rate as may be agreed between the Borrower and the relevant Issuing Bank) on the daily amount of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to and including the later of the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder.  Participation fees and fronting fees shall be payable on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date;   provided   that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand.  Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand.  All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).     

(c) 
			 The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (including those set forth in the Fee Letters).     

(d) 
			 Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to Section 2.22, the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any amounts to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section.     

Section 2.13           Interest  . 

(a) 
			 The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate.     

(b) 
			 The Loans comprising each Eurocurrency Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate.     

(c) 
			 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon      

70 

acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2.00% per annum plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2.00% per annum plus the rate applicable to ABR Revolving Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section;   provided   that no amount of interest in excess of that provided for under paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section shall accrue or be payable pursuant to this Section 2.13(c) to a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. 

(d) 
			 Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans, upon termination of the Revolving Commitments,     provided   that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Revolving Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurocurrency Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion.     

(e) 
			 All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).  The applicable Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted LIBO Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.     

Section 2.14           Alternate Rate of Interest  .  If at least two Business Days prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Borrowing: 

(a) 
			 the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate for such Interest Period; or     

(b) 
			 the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted LIBO Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period;     

the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or facsimile as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency Borrowing and shall be ineffective and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing, then such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing;   provided  ,   however  , that, in each case, the Borrower may revoke any Borrowing Request that is pending when such notice is received. 

Section 2.15           Increased Costs  . 

(a) 
			 If any Change in Law shall:     

(i) 
			 impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account      

71 

of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any Issuing Bank (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate); 

(ii) 
			 subject any Lender to any Tax of any kind whatsoever (except for Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, in each case that are indemnifiable under Section 2.17 or Excluded Taxes); or     

(iii) 
			 impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Loans or ABR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;        

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurocurrency Loan or ABR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or issue any Letter of Credit) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then, from time to time upon request of such Lender or Issuing Bank, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such increased costs actually incurred or reduction actually suffered. 

(b) 
			 If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then, from time to time upon request of such Lender or Issuing Bank, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction actually suffered.     

(c) 
			 A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or its holding company in reasonable detail, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 15 days after receipt thereof.     

(d) 
			 Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation,   provided   that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor;   provided further   that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.     

72 

(e) 
			 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section, no Lender or Issuing Bank shall demand compensation for any increased cost or reduction pursuant to this Section if it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of such Lender or Issuing Bank to demand such compensation in similar circumstances under comparable provisions of other credit agreements of similarly situated borrowers.     

Section 2.16           Break Funding Payments  .  In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Revolving Loan or Term Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(f) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (d) the assignment of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 or Section 9.02(c), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall, after receipt of a written request by any Lender affected by any such event (which request shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount), compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event.  For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 2.16, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurocurrency Loan made by it at the Adjusted LIBO Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurocurrency Loan was in fact so funded.  A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 15 days after receipt of such demand.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 2.16 will not apply to losses, costs or expenses resulting from Taxes, as to which Section 2.17 shall govern. 

Section 2.17           Taxes  . 

(a) 
			 Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction on account of any Taxes,   provided   that if any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any other applicable withholding agent shall be required by applicable Requirements of Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable withholding agent) to deduct Taxes from such payments, then (i) if the Tax in question is an Indemnified Tax or an Other Tax, the amount payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions have been made (including deductions applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section 2.17) each of the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the applicable Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or other applicable withholding agent shall make such deductions and (iii) the applicable withholding agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law.     

(b) 
			 Without limiting the provisions of paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Requirements of Law.     

(c) 
			 Without duplication of any amounts paid under Sections 2.17(a) or 2.17(b) above, the Loan Parties shall, jointly and severally, indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 30 days after written demand therefor, for any Indemnified Taxes payable by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and any Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.17) and any      

73 

reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation of the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) 
			 Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that no Loan Party has already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with     respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d).     

(e) 
			 As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by a Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.     

(f) 
			 Each Lender shall, at such times as are reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent, provide Borrower and the Administrative Agent with any properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by law, or reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent, certifying as to any entitlement of such Lender to an exemption from, or reduction in, any withholding Tax with respect to any payments to be made to such Lender under any Loan Document.  Each such Lender shall, whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders such documentation expired, obsolete or inaccurate in any material respect, deliver promptly to Borrower and the Administrative Agent updated or other appropriate documentation (including any new documentation reasonably requested by the applicable withholding agent) or promptly notify Borrower and the Administrative Agent of its inability to do so.  Unless the applicable withholding agent has received forms or other documents satisfactory to it indicating that payments under any Loan Document to or for a Lender are not subject to withholding tax or are subject to Tax at a rate reduced by an applicable tax treaty, Borrower, Administrative Agent or other applicable withholding agent shall withhold amounts required to be withheld by applicable law from such payments at the applicable statutory rate.     

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 

(i) 
			 Each Lender that is a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement two properly completed and duly signed original copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding.     

74 

(ii) 
			 Each Lender that is not a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or the Administrative Agent) whichever of the following is applicable:     

(A) 
			 two properly completed and duly signed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN (or any successor forms) claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States of America is a party and such other documentation as required under the Code,     

(B) 
			 two properly completed and duly signed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any successor forms),     

(C) 
			 in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) two properly completed and duly signed certificates, substantially in the form of   Exhibit Q   (any such certificate a    United States Tax Compliance Certificate   ), and (y) two properly completed and duly signed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN (or any successor forms),     

(D) 
			 to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (for example, where the Lender is a partnership or a participating Lender), Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (or any successor forms) of the Foreign Lender, accompanied by a Form W-8ECI, W-8BEN, United States Tax Compliance Certificate, Form W-9, Form W-8IMY (or other successor forms) or any other required information from each beneficial owner that would be required under this Section 2.17 if such beneficial owner were a Lender, as applicable (  provided   that, if the Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, the United States Tax Compliance Certificate may be provided by such Lender on behalf of such direct or indirect partners), or     

(E) 
			 any other form prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law as a basis for claiming an exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law to permit Borrower and the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made.     

(iii) 
			 If a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has or has not complied with such Lender s FATCA obligations and, if necessary, to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.17(f)(iii),  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Effective Date.     

75 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (e), a Lender shall not be required to deliver any form that such Lender is not legally eligible to deliver. 

(g) 
			 If and to the extent the Administrative Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole good faith discretion, that it received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17, it shall pay to the relevant Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of the Administrative Agent or such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund),   provided   that the applicable Loan Party, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, agrees     promptly to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  The Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, shall, at the Borrower s request, provide the Borrower with a copy of any notice of assessment or other evidence of the requirement to repay such refund received from the relevant taxing authority (  provided   that the Administrative Agent or such Lender may delete any information therein that the Administrative Agent or such Lender deems confidential).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Section 2.17(g) shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to Taxes which it deems confidential to any Loan Party or any other person).     

(h) 
			 The agreements in this Section 2.17 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, an assignment of rights by or replacement of any Lender and the repayment of all Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.     

(i) 
			 For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Section 2.17, the term    Lender    shall include any Issuing Bank and any Swingline Lender.     

(j) 
			 If the Administrative Agent is a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), it shall deliver to the Borrower two properly completed and duly signed original copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form). If the Administrative Agent is not a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), it shall deliver to the Borrower (1) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI with respect to payments to be received by it as a beneficial owner and (2) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (together with required accompanying documentation) with respect to payments to be received by it on behalf of the Lenders.     

Section 2.18           Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs  . 

(a) 
			 The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it under any Loan Document (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to the time expressly required hereunder or under such other Loan Document for such payment (or, if no such time is expressly required, prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time), on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, recoupment or setoff.  Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon.  All such payments shall be made to such account as may be specified by the Administrative Agent, except that payments to be made directly to any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender shall be made as expressly provided herein,  payments      

76 

pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to other Loan Documents shall be made to the Persons specified therein.  The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof.  Except as otherwise provided herein, if any payment under any Loan Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day.  If any payment on a Eurocurrency Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day.  In the case of any payment of principal pursuant to the preceding two sentences, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate for the period of such extension.  All payments or prepayments of any Loan shall be made in dollars, all reimbursements of any LC Disbursements shall be made in dollars, all payments of accrued interest payable on a Loan or LC Disbursement shall be made in dollars, and all other payments under each Loan Document shall be made in dollars. 

(b) 
			 If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i)   first  , towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii)   second  , towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties.     

(c) 
			 If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans, Term Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans, Term Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans, Term Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans, Term Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans;   provided   that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (A) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (B) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant or (C) any disproportionate payment obtained by a Lender of any Class as a result of the extension by Lenders of the maturity date or expiration date of some but not all Loans or Revolving Commitments of that Class or any increase in the Applicable Rate in respect of Loans of Lenders that have consented to any such extension.  The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.     

77 

(d) 
			 Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption and in its sole discretion, distribute to the Lenders or Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due.  In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.     

Section 2.19           Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders  . 

(a) 
			 If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(a) or (c) or any event gives rise to the operation of Section 2.23, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or its participation in any Letter of Credit affected by such event, or to assign and delegate its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment and delegation (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17 or mitigate the applicability of Section 2.23, as the case may be, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense reasonably deemed by such Lender to be material and would not be inconsistent with the internal policies of, or otherwise be disadvantageous in any material economic, legal or regulatory respect to, such Lender.     

(b) 
			 If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or gives notice under Section 2.23, (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any amount to any Lender or to any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 or (iii) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment and delegation);   provided   that (A) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent to the extent such consent would be required under Section 9.04(b) for an assignment of Loans or Commitments, as applicable (and if a Revolving Loan or Revolving Commitment is being assigned and delegated, the consent of each Issuing Bank and each Swingline Lender), which consents, in each case, shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, (B) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and unreimbursed participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued but unpaid interest thereon, accrued but unpaid fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (C) the Borrower or such assignee shall have paid (unless waived) to the Administrative Agent the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 9.04(b)(ii) and (D) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15, or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17 or a notice given under Section 2.23, such assignment will result in a material reduction in such compensation or payments.  A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise (including as a result of any action taken by such Lender under      

78 

paragraph (a) above), the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.  Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and that the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto. 

Section 2.20           Incremental Borrowings  . 

(a) 
			 At any time and from time to time after the Effective Date, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (whereupon the Administrative Agent shall promptly make such notice available to each of the Lenders), request to effect one or more increases in the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments (each such increase, a    Revolving Commitment Increase   ) from one or more entities that are then Lenders and Additional Revolving Lenders;   provided   that at the time of each such request and upon the effectiveness of each     Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment, (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall result therefrom, (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate of a Financial Officer to the effect set forth in clause (i) above, (iii) the maturity date shall be the Revolving Maturity Date, and such Revolving Commitment Increase shall otherwise be on identical terms (including with respect to security interests and guaranties) to those of the Revolving Commitments pursuant to this Agreement, and (iv) any Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment shall be on the terms and pursuant to documentation to be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders providing the applicable Revolving Commitment Increase;   provided   that no Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender shall be required to act as  issuing bank  or  swingline lender  under any such Revolving Commitment Increase without its written consent.  Each Revolving Commitment Increase shall be in a minimum principal amount of $5,000,000 and integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof.     

(b) 
			 At any time and from time to time after the Effective Date, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (whereupon the Administrative Agent shall promptly make such notice available to each of the Lenders), request to effect one or more additional tranches of term loans hereunder or increases in the aggregate amount of the Term Loans, which shall take the form of an additional tranche of term loans hereunder or an increase in an existing tranche of term loans hereunder (each such additional tranche or increase, a    Term Commitment Increase   ) from one or more entities that are then Lenders and Additional Term Lenders;   provided   that at the time of each such request and upon the effectiveness of each Incremental Term Facility Amendment, (i) subject to the last sentence of Section 4.02, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall result therefrom, (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate of a Financial Officer to the effect set forth in clause (i) above, (iii) the maturity date of any term loans incurred pursuant to such Term Commitment Increase shall not be earlier than the Latest Maturity Date, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any such term loans incurred pursuant to such Term Commitment Increase shall not be shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any outstanding Term Loans and the security interests and guaranties benefiting the term loans under such Term Commitment Increase shall be identical to those benefiting any outstanding Term Loans, (iv) the interest rate, interest rate margins, rate floors, upfront fees, funding discount, original issue discount, prepayment terms and premiums and, subject to clause (iii), the amortization schedule for any term loans incurred pursuant to such Term Commitment Increase shall be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders providing the applicable Term Commitment Increase;   provided   that in the event that the interest rate margins for any term loans incurred pursuant to such Term Commitment Increase (determined as of the date of incurrence of such term loans) are higher than the interest rate margins for the Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date (determined as of such date (giving effect to any amendments to the Applicable Rate for such Term Loans that become effective subsequent to the Effective Date but prior to such date, but excluding the effect to any increase in interest rate margins with respect thereto pursuant to      

79 

this clause (iv)) by more than 50 basis points, then the interest rate margins for the Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date shall be increased to the extent necessary so that such interest rate margins are equal to the interest rate margins for such term loans pursuant to such Term Commitment Increase minus 50 basis points;   provided further  , that, in determining the interest rate margins applicable to the term loans incurred pursuant to such Term Commitment Increase and the Term Loans incurred on or prior to the Effective Date (A) OID or upfront or similar fees (which shall be deemed to constitute like amounts of OID) payable by the Borrower to the relevant Lenders in the primary syndication thereof shall be included (with OID being equated to interest rate margins based on an assumed four-year life to maturity), (B) customary arrangement or commitment fees payable to any of the Arrangers (or their respective affiliates) in connection with this Agreement or to one or more arrangers (or their affiliates) of any Term Commitment Increase shall be excluded and (C) if the term loans incurred pursuant to such Term Commitment Increase include an interest rate floor greater than the interest rate floor applicable to the Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date, such increased amount shall be equated to interest rate margins for purposes of determining whether an increase to the applicable interest rate margins for the Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date shall be required, to the extent an increase in the interest rate floor for the Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date would cause an increase in the interest rate then in effect, and in such case the interest rate floor (but not the interest rate margin) applicable to the Term Loans incurred on the Effective Date shall be increased by such increased amount, and (v) any Incremental Term Facility Amendment shall be on the terms and pursuant to documentation to be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders providing the applicable Term Commitment Increase;   provided   that to the extent such terms and documentation are not consistent with this Agreement (except to the extent permitted by clause (iii) or (iv) above), they shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  Each Term Commitment Increase shall be in a minimum principal amount of $10,000,000 and integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof;   provided   that such amount may be less than $10,000,000 if such amount represents all the remaining availability under the Incremental Cap. 

(c) 
			 Each notice from the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall set forth the requested amount of the relevant Revolving Commitment Increase or Term Commitment Increase.  Notwithstanding anything to contrary herein, the aggregate principal amount of any Revolving Commitment Increases or any Term Commitment Increases may not exceed the Incremental Cap at the time of effectiveness thereof.     

(d) 
			 Commitments in respect of any Revolving Commitment Increase shall become Commitments (or in the case of any Revolving Commitment Increase to be provided by an existing Revolving Lender, an increase in such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment) under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an    Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment   ) to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, the applicable Lenders and the Administrative Agent.  Revolving Commitment Increases may be provided by any existing Lender (it being understood that no existing Lender shall have the right to participate in or, unless it agrees, be obligated to provide, any Revolving Commitment Increase) or by any Additional Revolving Lender.  An Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to any Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section.  The effectiveness of any Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment shall, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders providing the applicable Revolving Commitment Increase, be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof (each, an    Incremental Revolving Facility Closing Date   ) of each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (it being understood that all references to  the date of such Borrowing  in Section 4.02 shall be deemed to refer to the Incremental Revolving Facility Closing Date) and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of legal opinions, board resolutions, officers  certificates and/or reaffirmation agreements consistent with      

80 

those delivered on the Effective Date under Section 4.01 (other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsel s form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). 

(e) 
			 Commitments in respect of any Term Commitment Increase shall become Commitments under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an    Incremental Term Facility Amendment   ) to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents executed by the Borrower, the applicable Lenders and the Administrative Agent.  Term Commitment Increases may be provided by any existing Lender (it being understood that no existing Lender shall have any right to participate in or, unless it agrees, be obligated to provide, any Term Commitment Increase) or by any Additional Term Lender.  An Incremental Term Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to any Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section.  The effectiveness of any Incremental Term Facility Amendment shall, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders providing the applicable Term Commitment Increase, be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof (each, an    Incremental Term Facility Closing Date   ) of each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (it being     understood that all references to  the date of such Borrowing  in Section 4.02 shall be deemed to refer to the Incremental Term Facility Closing Date) and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of legal opinions, board resolutions, officers  certificates and/or reaffirmation agreements consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date under Section 4.01 (other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsel s form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent).     

(f) 
			 (i)  Upon each Revolving Commitment Increase pursuant to this Section, each Revolving Lender immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each Lender providing a portion of such Revolving Commitment Increase (each, a    Revolving Commitment Increase Lender   ), and each such Revolving Commitment Increase Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed, a portion of such Revolving Lender s participations hereunder in outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans such that, after giving effect to such Revolving Commitment Increase and each such deemed assignment and assumption of participations, the percentage of the aggregate outstanding (A) participations hereunder in Letters of Credit and (B) participations hereunder in Swingline Loans held by each Revolving Lender (including each such Revolving Commitment Increase Lender) will equal such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof.  Any Revolving Loans outstanding immediately prior to the date of such Revolving Commitment Increase that are Eurocurrency Loans will (except to the extent otherwise repaid in accordance herewith) continue to be held by, and all interest thereon will continue to accrue for the accounts of, the Revolving Lenders holding such Loans immediately prior to the date of such Revolving Commitment Increase, in each case until the last day of the then-current Interest Period applicable to any such Loan, at which time it will be repaid or refinanced with new Revolving Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01 in accordance with the Applicable Percentages of the Revolving Lenders after giving effect to the Revolving Commitment Increase;   provided  ,   however  , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, each Revolving Commitment Increase Lender will promptly purchase (for cash at face value) assignments of portions of such outstanding Revolving Loans of other Revolving Lenders so that, after giving effect thereto, all Revolving Loans that are Eurocurrency Loans are held by the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their then-current Applicable Percentages.  Any such assignments shall be effected in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.04;   provided   that the parties hereto hereby consent to such assignments and the minimum assignment amounts and processing and recordation fee set forth in Section 9.04(b) shall not apply thereto.  If there are any ABR Revolving Loans outstanding on the date of such Revolving Commitment Increase, such Loans shall either be prepaid by the Borrower on such date or refinanced on such date (subject to satisfaction of applicable borrowing conditions) with Revolving      

81 

Loans made on such date by the Revolving Lenders (including the Revolving Commitment Increase Lenders) in accordance with their Applicable Percentages.  In order to effect any such refinancing, (i) each Revolving Commitment Increase Lender will make ABR Revolving Loans to the Borrower by transferring funds to the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding amount of such Loans of such Type times a percentage obtained by dividing the amount of such Revolving Commitment Increase Lender s Revolving Commitment Increase by the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments (after giving effect to the Revolving Commitment Increase on such date) and (ii) such funds will be applied to the prepayment of outstanding ABR Revolving Loans held by the Revolving Lenders other than the Revolving Commitment Increase Lenders, and transferred by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders other than the Revolving Commitment Increase Lenders, in such amounts so that, after giving effect thereto, all ABR Revolving Loans will be held by the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their then-current Applicable Percentages.  On the date of such Revolving Commitment Increase, the Borrower will pay to the Administrative Agent, for the accounts of the Revolving Lenders receiving such prepayments, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amounts of their Revolving Loans being prepaid.  The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. 

(ii) 
			 Upon each Term Commitment Increase pursuant to this Section, each Additional Term Lender with shall make an additional term loan to the Borrower in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Term Commitment Increase.  Any such term loan shall be a    Term Loan    for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.     

Section 2.21           Refinancing Amendments; Maturity Extension  . 

(a) 
			 At any time after the Effective Date, the Borrower may obtain, from any Lender or any Additional Lender, Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of (i) all or any portion of the Term Loans then outstanding under this Agreement (which for purposes of this clause (i) will be deemed to include any then outstanding Other Term Loans) or (ii) all or any portion of the Revolving Loans (or unused Revolving Commitments) under this Agreement (which for purposes of this clause (ii) will be deemed to include any then outstanding Other Revolving Loans and Other Revolving Commitments), in the form of (x) Other Term Loans or Other Term Commitments or (y) Other Revolving Loans or Other Revolving Commitments, as the case may be, in each case pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment;   provided   that such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness (A) will rank pari passu in right of payment with the other Loans and Commitments hereunder, (B) will rank pari passu in right of security with the other Loans and Commitments hereunder, (C) will have such pricing and optional prepayment terms as may be agreed by the Borrower and the Lenders thereof, (D) (x) with respect to any Other Revolving Loans or Other Revolving Commitments, will have a maturity date that is not prior to the maturity date of Revolving Loans (or unused Revolving Commitments) being refinanced and (y) with respect to any Other Term Loans or Other Term Commitments, will have a maturity date that is not prior to the maturity date of, and will have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is not shorter than, the Term Loans being refinanced and (E) will have terms (other than interest rate, redemption premiums and subordination terms) that are substantially identical to, or less favorable to the investors providing such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness than, the Refinanced Debt;   provided   further   that the terms applicable to such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness may provide for any additional or different financial or other covenants or other provisions that are agreed between the Borrower and the Lenders thereof and applicable only during periods after the Latest Maturity Date that is in effect on the      

82 

date such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is issued, incurred or obtained.  The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof of each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of legal opinions, board resolutions, officers  certificates and/or reaffirmation agreements consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date under Section 4.01 (other than changes to such legal opinions resulting from a change in law, change in fact or change to counsel s form of opinion reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent).  Each Class of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred under this Section 2.21 shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is (x) not less than $10,000,000 in the case of Other Term Loans or $5,000,000 in the case of Other Revolving Loans and (y) an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof unless such amount represents the total outstanding amount of the Refinanced Debt.  Any Refinancing Amendment may provide for the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower, or the provision to the Borrower of Swingline Loans, pursuant to any Other Revolving Commitments established thereby, in each case on terms substantially equivalent to the terms applicable to Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under the Revolving Commitments.  The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Refinancing Amendment.  Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant thereto (including any amendments necessary to treat the Loans and Commitments subject thereto as Other Term Loans, Other Revolving Loans, Other Revolving Commitments and/or Other Term Commitments).  Any Refinancing Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section.  In addition, if so provided in the relevant Refinancing Amendment and with the consent of each Issuing Bank, participations in Letters of Credit expiring on or after the Revolving Maturity Date shall be reallocated from Lenders holding Revolving Commitments to Lenders holding extended revolving commitments in accordance with the terms of such Refinancing Amendment;   provided  ,   however  , that such participation interests shall, upon receipt thereof by the relevant Lenders holding Revolving Commitments, be deemed to be participation interests in respect of such Revolving Commitments and the terms of such participation interests (including, without limitation, the commission applicable thereto) shall be adjusted accordingly. 

(b) 
			 At any time after the Effective Date, the Borrower and any Lender may agree, by notice to the Administrative Agent (each such notice, an    Extension Notice   ), to extend the maturity date of such Lender s Revolving Commitments and/or Term Loans to the extended maturity date specified in such Extension Notice (it being understood that no existing Lender shall have any right to participate in or, unless it agrees, be obligated to participate in any such maturity date extension).     

Section 2.22           Defaulting Lenders  . 

(a) 
			 Adjustments  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law:     

(i) 
			 Waivers and Amendments  .  Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 9.02.     

83 

(ii) 
			 Reallocation of Payments  .  Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VII or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows:    first  , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder;   second  , in the case of a Revolving Lender, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to each Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder;   third  , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent;   fourth  , in the case of a Revolving Lender, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement;   fifth  , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lenders as a result of any judgment of a     court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement;   sixth  , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and   seventh  , to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction;   provided   that if such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements and such Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clause (a) of the definition thereof, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the relevant Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, the relevant non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied pursuant to Section 2.05(j).  Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to Section 2.05(j) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents thereto.     

(iii) 
			 Certain Fees  .  That Defaulting Lender (A) shall not be entitled to receive or accrue any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.12(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any Letter of Credit Fees as provided in Section 2.12(b).     

(iv) 
			 Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure  .  During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit pursuant to Sections 2.04 and 2.05 and the payments of participation fees pursuant to Section 2.12(b), the    Applicable Percentage    of each non-Defaulting Lender shall be computed without giving effect to the Revolving Commitment of that Defaulting Lender;   provided   that (1) the aggregate obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (A) the Revolving Commitment of that non-Defaulting Lender   minus   (B) the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans of that Lender, (2) any such acquisition, refinancing or funding of participations shall only occur to the extent that the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied after giving effect thereto and (3) in the case of      

84 

Letters of Credit, no such acquisition, refinancing or funding of participations shall be required to the extent such Letter of Credit has been cash collateralized. 

(b) 
			 Defaulting Lender Cure  .  If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.22(a)(iv)), whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender;   provided   that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and   provided further  , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender.     

Section 2.23           Illegality  .  If any Lender determines that any law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Adjusted LIBO Rate, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurocurrency Loans or to convert ABR Loans denominated in dollars to Eurocurrency Loans shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist.  Upon receipt of such notice, (a) the Borrower shall, upon three Business Days  notice from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurocurrency Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Loans, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Adjusted LIBO Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Adjusted LIBO Rate.  Each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing promptly upon becoming aware that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Adjusted LIBO Rate.  Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Each of Holdings and the Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks that: 

Section 3.01           Organization; Powers  .  Each of Holdings, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdictions) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has the corporate or other  

85 

organizational power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each Loan Document to which it is a party and to effect the Financing Transactions and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 

Section 3.02           Authorization; Enforceability  .  The Financing Transactions to be entered into by each Loan Party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action and, if required, action by the holders of such Loan Party s Equity Interests.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of Holdings and the Borrower and constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Loan Party, will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of Holdings, the Borrower or such Loan Party, as the case may be, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors  rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

Section 3.03           Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts  .  The Financing Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except filings necessary to perfect Liens created under the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate (i) the Organizational Documents of, or (ii) any Requirements of Law applicable to, Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture or other agreement or instrument binding upon Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary or their respective assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment, repurchase or redemption to be made by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or give rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation thereunder and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, except Liens created under the Loan Documents, except (in the case of each of clauses (a), (b)(ii) and (c)) to the extent that the failure to obtain or make such consent, approval, registration, filing or action, or such violation, as the case may be, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.04           Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect  . 

(a) 
			 The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein.     

(b) 
			 The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its subsidiaries dated June 30, 2016 and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders  equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments.     

86 

Section 3.05           Properties  . 

(a) 
			 Each of Holdings, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has good title to all the Mortgaged Properties, (i) free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Encumbrances and (ii) except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes, in each case, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.     

(b) 
			 No Mortgage encumbers Mortgaged Property that is located in an area that has been identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development as an area having special flood hazards within the meaning of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 unless flood insurance available under such Act has been obtained in accordance with Section 5.07.     

Section 3.06           Litigation and Environmental Matters  . 

(a) 
			 Except as set forth in Schedule 3.06(a), there are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of Holdings or the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.     

(b) 
			 Except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, none of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has, to the knowledge of Holdings or the Borrower, become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received written notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability, or (iv) has, to the knowledge of Holdings or the Borrower, any basis to reasonably expect that Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary will become subject to any Environmental Liability, or (v) currently owns, leases or operates, or to the knowledge of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary has formerly owned, leased or operated any properties which contain or where there has been a Release or threat of Release of any Hazardous Materials in amounts or concentrations which constitute a violation of, or require investigation, response or other corrective action by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary under, applicable Environmental Laws.  To the knowledge of Holdings or the Borrower, all Hazardous Materials transported from any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary for off-site disposal have been disposed of in a manner which would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect.     

Section 3.07           Compliance with Laws and Agreements  .  Each of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in material compliance with (a) its Organizational Documents, (b) all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property and (c) all indentures and other agreements and instruments binding upon it or its property, except, in the case of clauses (b) and (c) of this Section, where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.08           Investment Company Status  .  None of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary is required to register as an  investment company  as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. 

Section 3.09           Taxes  .  Except for failures that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary  

87 

(a) have timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and (b) have paid or caused to be paid all Taxes levied or imposed on it or its properties, income or assets (whether or not shown on a Tax return) including in their capacity as tax withholding agents, except any Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings,   provided   that Holdings, the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, has set aside on its books adequate reserves therefore in accordance with GAAP. 

There is no current, pending or proposed Tax assessment, deficiency or other claim against Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary except (i) those being actively contested by Holdings, the Borrower or such Subsidiary in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted that stay the enforcement of the Tax in question and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or (ii) those that would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.10           ERISA  . 

(a) 
			 Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state laws.     

(b) 
			 Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur, (ii) no Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA), (iii) no Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan and (iv) no Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA.     

Section 3.11           Disclosure  .  None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of any Loan Document or delivered thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) when taken as a whole contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading;   provided   that, with respect to projected financial information, Holdings and the Borrower represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by them to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such projected financial information was delivered prior to the Effective Date, as of the Effective Date, it being understood that any such projected financial information may vary from actual results and such variations could be material. 

Section 3.12           Subsidiaries  .  As of the Effective Date, Schedule 3.12 sets forth the name of, and the ownership interest of Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary in each Subsidiary. 

Section 3.13           Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc  .  Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries own, license or possess the right to use, all Intellectual Property that is reasonably necessary for the operation of their businesses as currently conducted, without conflict with the Intellectual Property of any Person, except to the extent such conflicts, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No Intellectual Property used by Holdings, the Borrower or  

88 

any Subsidiary in the operation of its business as currently conducted infringes upon any rights held by any Person except for such infringements, individually or in the aggregate, which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No claim or litigation regarding any of the Intellectual Property is pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower, threatened against Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.14           Solvency  .  Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Effective Date, after taking into account all applicable rights of indemnity and contribution, (a) the fair value of the assets of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, at a fair valuation, will exceed their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured, (c) Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured, and (d) Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which they are engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted following the Effective Date.  For purposes of this Section 3.14, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that could reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

Section 3.15           Senior Indebtedness  .  The Loan Document Obligations constitute    Senior Indebtedness    (or any comparable term) under and as defined in the documentation governing any Indebtedness that is subordinated in right of payment to other Indebtedness of any Loan Party. 

Section 3.16           Federal Reserve Regulations  .  None of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock.  No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, to purchase or carry any margin stock or to refinance any Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, or for any other purpose that entails a violation (including on the part of any Lender) of the provisions of Regulations U or X of the Board of Governors. 

Section 3.17           Use of Proceeds  .  The Borrower will use the proceeds of (a) the Term Loans made on the Effective Date,  together with cash on hand of the Borrower, to finance the Transactions and to pay the Transaction Costs and (b) the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans made after the Effective Date to fund working capital requirements and for other general corporate purposes. 

Section 3.18           Sanctions Laws; USA Patriot Act  .  None of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of Holdings or the Borrower, any of their Affiliates or any director, officer, agent or employee of Holdings, the Borrower, their Affiliates or the Subsidiaries is a Person, government or country with whom transactions or dealings would be prohibited under any of the sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury (including the Office of Foreign Assets Control), the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Department of State, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury or any other relevant sanctions authority with jurisdiction over such Person (collectively    Sanctions   ), nor is any of Holdings, the Borrower, any of their Affiliates or any of the Subsidiaries located, organized, resident, doing business or conducting transactions with the government of, or Persons within, a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions.  No part of the  

89 

proceeds of the Loans will be used directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, (i) to fund any activities of or business with any Person that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Agent or otherwise) of Sanctions.  Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower, CWH and the directors, officers, agents and employees of Holdings, the Borrower, CWH and their respective subsidiaries, are in compliance in all material respects with the USA Patriot Act. 

Section 3.19           No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments  .  Holdings, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower, CWH and the directors, officers, agents and employees of Holdings, the Borrower,  CWH and their respective subsidiaries, are in compliance in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and rules and regulations thereunder and the UK Bribery Act (collectively,    Anti-Corruption Laws   ). No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 

ARTICLE IV 

CONDITIONS 

Section 4.01           Effective Date  .  The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder on the Effective Date is subject to each of the following conditions, each of which shall be satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02): 

(a) 
			 The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmission of a signed counterpart of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement.     

(b) 
			 The Administrative Agent shall have received a written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks and dated the Effective Date) of Kirkland   Ellis LLP, counsel for the Loan Parties, and local counsel in each jurisdiction in which a Loan Party is organized, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  Each of Holdings and the Borrower hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinions.     

(c) 
			 The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the Borrower, dated the Effective Date, substantially in the form of   Exhibit H  , executed by any Responsible Officer of such Loan Party.     

(d) 
			 The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Effective Date, executed by a secretary or other Responsible Officer of such Loan Party, including or attaching copies of the following: (i) each Organizational Document of each Loan Party certified, to the extent applicable, as of a recent date by the applicable Governmental Authority, (ii) signature and incumbency certificates of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party executing the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (iii) resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Loan Party approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance     

90 

of Loan Documents to which it is a party, certified as of the Effective Date by its secretary, an assistant secretary or a Responsible Officer as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment, and (iv) a good standing certificate from the applicable Governmental Authority of each Loan Party s jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation. 

(e) 
			 The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts previously agreed in writing by the Arrangers and the Borrower to be due and payable to the Arrangers and the Lenders on or prior to the Effective Date, including syndication fees and, to the extent invoiced at least two Business Days prior to the Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) required to be reimbursed or paid by any Loan Party.     

(f) 
			 The Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall have been satisfied and the Administrative Agent shall have received a completed Perfection Certificate dated the Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, together with all attachments contemplated thereby, and none of such Collateral shall be subject to any other pledges, security interests or mortgages except Liens permitted by Section 6.02.     

(g) 
			 Since December 31, 2015, no event, change or circumstance shall have occurred, that has caused or would reasonably be expected to cause, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect).     

(h) 
			 The Administrative Agent shall have received certificates of insurance in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent evidencing the existence of insurance to be maintained by Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 5.07, and the Administrative Agent shall be designated as additional insured and loss payee or mortgagee as its interest may appear thereunder, or solely as additional insured, as the case may be, thereunder (  provided   that if such endorsement as additional insured cannot be delivered by the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent may consent to such endorsement being delivered at such later date as it deems appropriate in the circumstances).     

(i) 
			 The Arrangers shall have received, as described in Section 3.04, (i) the Audited Financial Statements, which financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP and accompanied by audit reports thereon (and such audit reports shall not be subject to any  going concern  disclosures or like qualification or exception or any qualification as to the scope of such audit) and (ii) unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower comprising a balance sheet, a statement of operations and a statement of cash flows for each fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, which financial statements referred to in clause (ii) shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP on a basis consistent with the Audited Financial Statements referred to in clause (i) above (  provided   that such financial statements referred to in clause (ii) need not contain footnotes) and shall be certified by a Financial Officer as presenting fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates or for the periods covered, as applicable.     

(j) 
			 The Refinancing shall have been consummated or shall be consummated substantially simultaneously with the initial funding of Loans on the Effective Date and the Administrative Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the same.     

91 

(k) 
			 The Lenders shall have received a certificate from the chief financial officer of the Borrower substantially in the form of   Exhibit F   certifying as to the solvency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after giving effect to the Transactions.     

(l) 
			 The Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall have received, at least three Business Days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information about the Loan Parties as shall have been requested in writing by the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers that they shall have determined is required by regulatory authorities under applicable  know your customer  and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA Patriot Act.     

(m) 
			 The Administrative Agent shall have received copies of Uniform Commercial Code, United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States Copyright Office, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches, each of a recent date listing all effective financing statements, lien notices or comparable documents that name any Loan Party as debtor and that are filed in those state and county jurisdictions in which any Loan Party is organized or maintains its principal place of business and such other searches that are required by the Perfection Certificate or that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or appropriate, none of which encumber the Collateral covered or intended to be covered by the Security Documents (other than Permitted Encumbrances).     

The Administrative Agent shall notify Holdings, the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 

Section 4.02           Each Credit Event  .  The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to receipt of the borrowing request therefor in accordance herewith and to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) 
			 The representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as the case may be;   provided   that, to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date;   provided further   that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to  materiality,   Material Adverse Effect  or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects on the date of such credit extension or on such earlier date, as the case may be.     

(b) 
			 At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as the case may be, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.     

Each Borrowing (  provided   that a conversion or a continuation of a Borrowing shall not constitute a  Borrowing  for purposes of this Section) and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by Holdings and the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.02 and in Section 2.20 to the contrary, to the extent that the proceeds of a Term Commitment Increase are to be used to finance a Permitted Acquisition or  

92 

Investment permitted hereunder, the only conditions precedent to the funding of such Term Commitment Increase shall be the conditions precedent set forth in the related Incremental Term Facility Amendment. 

ARTICLE V 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Until the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated, the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts (other than contingent amounts not yet due) payable under any Loan Document shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or been terminated (or cash collateralized or backstopped pursuant to arrangements satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank) and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, each of Holdings and the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders and the Issuing Banks that: 

Section 5.01           Financial Statements and Other Information  .  Holdings or the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of each Lender and the Issuing Banks: 

(a) 
			 (i)on or before the date that is 100 days after the end of each such fiscal year of the Borrower, an audited consolidated balance sheet and audited consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders  equity and cash flows of the Borrower as of the end of and for such year, and related notes thereto, setting forth in each case in comparative form the     figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Ernst   Young or any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any  going concern  or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit and certified by a Financial Officer, in each case to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition as of the end of and for such year and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied and (ii)a management report setting forth a narrative report and management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower for such fiscal year, as compared to amounts for the previous fiscal year;     

(b) 
			 (i) on or before the date that is 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet and unaudited consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders  equity and cash flows of the Borrower as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and such portion of the fiscal year and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes and (ii) a management report setting forth a narrative report and management s discussion and analysis, of the financial condition and results of operations for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, as compared to the comparable periods in the previous fiscal year;     

93 

(c) 
			 simultaneously with the delivery of each set of financial statements referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations (A) of Consolidated EBITDA and the Total Leverage Ratio for the applicable period and, with respect to any Test Period in which the Financial Performance Covenant is applicable, demonstrating compliance with the Financial Performance Covenant and (B) in the case of financial statements referred to in paragraph (a) above, beginning with the financial statements for the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2017, of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year and (iii) in the case of financial statements referred to in paragraph (a) above, setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation of the Available Amount;     

(d) 
			 not later than 75 days after the commencement of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a detailed consolidated budget for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year (including a projected consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statements of projected operations, comprehensive income and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal year and setting forth the material assumptions used for purposes of preparing such budget); and     

(e) 
			 promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, as the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of any Lender may reasonably request in writing.     

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 5.01 may be satisfied with respect to financial information of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries by furnishing reports on Form 10-K or 10-Q (or the equivalent), as applicable, of the Borrower, CWH or any other parent company of the Borrower filed with the SEC and containing such information;   provided   that (i) to the extent such information relates to CWH or another parent company of the Borrower, such information includes consolidating information, which may be unaudited, that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to CWH, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand, and (ii) to the extent such information is in lieu of information required to be provided under Section 5.01(a), such materials are accompanied by a report and opinion of Ernst   Young or any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any  going concern  or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit and (iii) shall be certified by a Financial Officer in each case to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition as of the end of and for such year and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied subject, in the case of quarterly financial statements, to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end adjustments. 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 9.01 (or otherwise notified pursuant to Section 9.01(d)), or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party  

94 

website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent);   provided   that:  (A) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent upon its reasonable request until a written notice to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent and (B) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and upon its reasonable request, provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (  i.e  ., soft copies) of such documents.  The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and each Lender and Issuing Bank shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents and maintaining its copies of such documents. 

The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively,    Borrower Materials   ) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the    Platform   ) and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a    Public Lender   ) may have personnel who do not wish to receive Private-Side Information.  The Borrower hereby agrees that it will identify in writing that portion of the Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (i) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked  PUBLIC  which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word  PUBLIC  shall appear prominently on the first page thereof, (ii) by marking Borrower Materials  PUBLIC,  the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any Private-Side Information (  provided  ,    however  , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 9.12), (iii) all Borrower Materials marked  PUBLIC  are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated  Public Side Information , and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked  PUBLIC  as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated  Public Side Information. 

Section 5.02           Notices of Material Events  .  Promptly after any Responsible Officer of Holdings or the Borrower obtains actual knowledge thereof, Holdings or the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender and the Issuing Banks through the Administrative Agent) written notice of the following: 

(a) 
			 the occurrence of any Default;     

(b) 
			 to the extent permissible by law, the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or, to the knowledge of a Financial Officer or another executive officer of Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, affecting CWH, Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary or the receipt of a notice of an Environmental Liability that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and     

(c) 
			 the occurrence of any ERISA Event that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.     

Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer of Holdings or the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 

95 

Section 5.03           Information Regarding Collateral  . 

(a) 
			 Holdings or the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt (and in any event within 30 days or such longer period as reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent) written notice of any change (i) in any Loan Party s legal name (as set forth in its certificate of organization or like document), (ii) in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of any Loan Party or in the form of its organization, (iii) in any Loan Party s organizational identification number or (iv) in the location of any Loan Party s chief executive office.     

(b) 
			 Not later than five days after delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), Holdings or the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of Holdings or the Borrower (i) setting forth the information required pursuant to Sections 1, 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the Perfection Certificate or confirming that there has been no change in such information since the date of the Perfection Certificate delivered on the Effective Date or the date of the most recent certificate delivered pursuant to this Section, (ii) identifying any Wholly Owned Subsidiary that has become, or ceased to be, a Material Subsidiary during the most recently ended fiscal quarter and (iii) certifying that all notices required to be given prior to the date of such certificate by Section 5.02 have been given.     

Section 5.04           Existence; Conduct of Business  .  Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to obtain, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names, in each case that are material to the conduct of its business, except to the extent (other than with respect to the preservation of the existence of Holdings and the Borrower) that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;   provided   that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 or any Disposition permitted by Section 6.05. 

Section 5.05           Payment of Taxes, etc  .  Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, pay its obligations and liabilities in respect of Taxes (including in its capacity as a withholding agent) levied or imposed upon it or its properties, income or assets, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except to the extent (i) any such Taxes are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or (ii) the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.06           Maintenance of Properties  .  Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition (subject to casualty, condemnation and ordinary wear and tear), except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.07           Insurance  . 

(a) 
			 Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, maintain, with insurance companies that Holdings believes (in the good faith judgment of the management of Holdings) are financially sound and responsible at the time the relevant coverage is placed or renewed, insurance in at least such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance which Holdings believes (in the good faith judgment of management of Holdings) is reasonable and prudent in light of the size and nature of its business) and against at least such risks (and with such risk retentions) as Holdings believes      

96 

(in the good faith judgment or the management of Holdings) are reasonable and prudent in light of the size and nature of its business, and will furnish to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, upon written request from the Administrative Agent, information presented in reasonable detail as to the insurance so carried.  Each such policy of insurance shall (i) name the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear and (ii) in the case of each casualty insurance policy, contain a loss payable clause or mortgagee endorsement that names the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks as the loss payee or mortgagee thereunder. 

(b) 
			 If any portion of any Mortgaged Property is at any time located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a Special Flood Hazard Area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (as now or hereafter in effect or successor act thereto), then the Borrower shall, or shall cause each Loan Party to (i) maintain, or cause to be maintained, with a financially sound and reputable insurer, as determined in the Borrower s reasonable discretion, flood insurance in an amount and otherwise sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws and (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.     

Section 5.08           Books and Records; Inspection and Audit Rights  .  Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, maintain proper books of record and account in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and are in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of Holdings, the Borrower or its Subsidiary, as the case may be.  Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested;   provided   that, excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default, only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks may exercise visitation and inspection rights under this Section 5.08 and the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than two times during any calendar year absent the existence of an Event of Default and only one such time shall be at the Borrower s expense;   provided further   that (a) when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice and (b) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and Issuing Banks shall give Holdings and the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with Holdings  or the Borrower s independent public accountants. 

Section 5.09           Compliance with Laws  .  Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, comply with its Organizational Documents and all Requirements of Law (including Environmental Laws) with respect to it, its property and operations, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.10           Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit  .  The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Term Loans made on the Effective Date, together with cash on hand of the Borrower, to effect the Refinancing and to pay the Transaction Costs.  Letters of Credit and the proceeds of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans made after the Effective Date will be used for general corporate purposes.  The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Revolving Loans to provide working capital and for other general corporate purposes.  No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used directly or, to the knowledge of the  

97 

Borrower, indirectly, (i) to fund any activities of or business with any Person that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Issuing Bank, Agent or otherwise) of Sanctions or (iii) for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 

Section 5.11           Additional Subsidiaries  . 

(a) 
			 If (i) any additional Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) or Intermediate Parent is formed or acquired after the Effective Date or (ii) if any Subsidiary ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary or an Immaterial Subsidiary, Holdings or the Borrower will, within 30 days (or such longer period as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent is formed or acquired or such Subsidiary ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary or ceases to be an Immaterial Subsidiary, notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and will cause such Subsidiary (unless such Subsidiary is an Excluded Subsidiary) or Intermediate Parent to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement with respect to such Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent and with respect to any Equity Interest in or Indebtedness of such Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent owned directly by any Loan Party within 30 days after such notice (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree) and the Administrative Agent shall have received a completed Perfection Certificate with respect to such Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent signed by a Responsible Officer, together with all attachments contemplated thereby.     

(b) 
			 Within 30 days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) after Holdings or the Borrower identifies any new Material Subsidiary pursuant to     Section 5.03(b), all actions (if any) required to be taken with respect to such Subsidiary in order to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall have been taken with respect to such Subsidiary.     

(c) 
			 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event any real property would be required to be mortgaged pursuant to this Section, Holdings or the Borrower shall not be required to comply with the  Collateral and Guarantee Requirement  until a reasonable time following the formation or acquisition of such Subsidiary or the identification of such new Material Subsidiary, and in no event shall compliance be required until 60 days following such formation, acquisition or identification or such longer time period as agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.     

Section 5.12           Further Assurances  . 

(a) 
			 Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, mortgages, deeds of trust and other documents), that may be required under any applicable law and that the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, to cause the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to be and remain satisfied, all at the expense of the Loan Parties.     

(b) 
			 If, after the Effective Date, any material assets (including any owned (but not leased) real property or improvements thereto or any interest therein with a fair market value in excess of $5,000,000) are acquired by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or are held by any Subsidiary on or after the time it becomes a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.11 (other than assets constituting Collateral under a Security      

98 

Document that become subject to the Lien created by such Security Document upon acquisition thereof or constituting Excluded Assets), the Borrower will notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Secured Obligations and will take and cause the other Loan Parties to take, such actions as shall be necessary and reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (a) of this Section and as required pursuant to the  Collateral and Guarantee Requirement,  at the expense of the Loan Parties and subject to the last paragraph of the definition of the term  Collateral and Guarantee Requirement.   In the event any real property is acquired that is required to be mortgaged pursuant to this Section 5.12(b), the Borrower or such other Loan Party, as applicable, shall not be required to comply with the  Collateral and Guarantee Requirement  and paragraph (a) of this Section as to such real property until a reasonable time following the acquisition of such real property, and in no event shall compliance be required until 90 days following such acquisition or such longer time period as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Section 5.13           Margin Stock  .  No Loan Party shall, and no Loan Party shall suffer or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use any portion of the Loan proceeds, for the immediate, incidental or ultimate purpose of buying or carrying Margin Stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board) or extending credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such Margin Stock, in each case in contravention of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. 

Section 5.14           Maintenance of Rating of Facilities  .  The Loan Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain (i) a public corporate credit rating (but not any particular rating) from S P and a public corporate family rating (but not any particular rating) from Moody s, in each case in respect of the Borrower and (ii) a public rating (but not any particular rating) in respect of the Loans from each of S P and Moody s. 

ARTICLE VI 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable (other than contingent amounts not yet due) under any Loan Document have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or been terminated (or cash collateralized or backstopped pursuant to arrangements satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank) and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, each of Holdings (with respect to Section 6.13 only) and the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders and the Issuing Banks that: 

Section 6.01           Indebtedness; Certain Equity Securities  . 

(a) 
			 The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except:     

(i) 
			 Indebtedness   of the Borrower and any of the Subsidiaries under the Loan Documents (including any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 2.20 or 2.21);     

(ii) 
			 Indebtedness outstanding on the Effective Date and listed on Schedule 6.01 and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;     

(iii) 
			 Guarantees by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in respect of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary otherwise permitted hereunder;   provided   that each such Guarantee is permitted by Section 6.04;   provided further   that (A) no Guarantee by any Subsidiary      

99 

of any Subordinated Indebtedness shall be permitted unless such Subsidiary shall have also provided a Guarantee of the Loan Document Obligations pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement, (B) no Guarantee by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be permitted unless such Subsidiary shall have also provided a Guarantee of the Loan Document Obligations pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement and (C) if the Indebtedness being Guaranteed is subordinated  in right of payment to the Loan Document Obligations, such Guarantee shall be subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of the Loan Document Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks as those contained in the subordination of such Indebtedness; 

(iv) 
			 Indebtedness of the Borrower owing to any Subsidiary or of any Subsidiary owing to any other Subsidiary or the Borrower to the extent permitted by Section 6.04;   provided   that all such Indebtedness of any Loan Party owing to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be evidenced by an intercompany note and subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Document Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks as those set forth in the form of intercompany note attached as   Exhibit I  ;     

(v) 
			 (A) Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations) of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries financing the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement of fixed or capital assets, other than software;   provided   that such Indebtedness is incurred concurrently with or within 270 days after the applicable acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement, and (B) any Permitted Refinancing of any Indebtedness set forth in the immediately preceding clause (A);   provided   further   that, at the time of any such incurrence of Indebtedness and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto and to the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness that is outstanding in reliance on this clause (v) shall not exceed the greater of (i) $25,000,000 and (ii) 9.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period;     

(vi) 
			 Indebtedness in respect of Swap Agreements incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;     

(vii) 
			 Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary that is merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or a Subsidiary) after the Effective Date as a result of a Permitted Acquisition, or Indebtedness of any Person that is assumed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with an acquisition of assets by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in a Permitted Acquisition, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;   provided   that (A) such Indebtedness is not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or other acquisition, (B) at the time of any such Permitted Acquisition or other acquisition and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, to the use of proceeds thereof and to all related Indebtedness, the Total Leverage Ratio shall be less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 and (C) no Default or Event of Default shall exist or result therefrom;     

(viii) 
			 Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Loan Parties;   provided   that (A) the primary obligor in respect of, and any Person that Guarantees, such Indebtedness shall be the Borrower or a Subsidiary Loan Party, (B) such Indebtedness is unsecured or secured on a junior basis to the Loans and the Liens of the Administrative Agent under the Security Documents and to the extent such Indebtedness is secured on a junior basis, subject to an intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (C) such Indebtedness does not mature prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date, (D) such Indebtedness amortizes no more than 1% per annum prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date, (E) no Default or Event of Default shall exist or result therefrom, (F) at the      

100 

time of any such incurrence of Indebtedness and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto and to the use of proceeds thereof, the Total Leverage Ratio shall be less than or equal to 3.00 to 1.00 and (G) such Indebtedness has terms and conditions (other than interest rate, redemption premiums and subordination terms), taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and the Lenders and Issuing Banks than the terms and conditions of this Agreement;   provided   that the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate of a Responsible Officer to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirements; 

(ix) 
			 Indebtedness representing deferred compensation owed to employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business;     

(x) 
			 Indebtedness consisting of unsecured promissory notes issued by any Loan Party to current or former officers, directors and employees or their respective estates, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) permitted by Section 6.07(a);     

(xi) 
			 Indebtedness constituting indemnification obligations or obligations in respect of purchase price or other similar adjustments incurred in a Permitted Acquisition, any other Investment or any Disposition, in each case permitted under this Agreement;     

(xii) 
			 Indebtedness consisting of obligations under deferred compensation or other similar arrangements incurred in connection with the Transactions or any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted under this Agreement;     

(xiii) 
			 Cash Management Obligations and other Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and similar arrangements, in each case, in connection with deposit accounts and incurred in the ordinary course of business;     

(xiv) 
			 Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;   provided   that at the time of the incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, (A) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding in reliance on this clause (xiv) shall not exceed the greater of (i) $75,000,000 and (ii) 27.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, and (B) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding in reliance on this clause (xiv) in respect of which the primary obligor or a guarantor is a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall not exceed $25,000,000;     

(xv) 
			 Indebtedness consisting of (A) the financing of insurance premiums or (B) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case in the ordinary course of business;     

(xvi) 
			 Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers  acceptances or similar instruments issued or created in the ordinary course of business, including in respect of workers  compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims;     

101 

(xvii) 
			 obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments related thereto, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice;     

(xviii) 
			 Indebtedness of any FreedomRoads Entity in respect of the FreedomRoads Floorplan Indebtedness;     

(xix) 
			 Indebtedness supported by a Letter of Credit, in a principal amount not to exceed the face amount of such Letter of Credit;     

(xx) 
			 [Reserved];     

(xxi) 
			 Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;     

(xxii) 
			 Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt and Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof;     

(xxiii) 
			 Indebtedness of the Borrower in respect of one or more series of senior notes that are issued or made in lieu of Incremental Revolving Loans, Revolving Commitment Increases and/or Term Commitment Increases pursuant to an indenture or a note purchase agreement or otherwise and any extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements thereof (the    Additional Notes   );   provided   that (A) such Additional Notes are not scheduled to mature prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date then in effect, (B) the aggregate principal amount of all Additional Notes issued pursuant to this clause (xxiii) shall not exceed the Incremental Cap at the time of issuance thereof, (C) such Additional Notes shall not be benefited by any Guarantee by any Person other than a Loan Party, (D) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be     continuing or would exist immediately after giving effect to such incurrence and (E) the documentation with respect to such Additional Notes contains no mandatory prepayment, repurchase or redemption provisions except with respect to change of control and asset sale offers that are customary for high yield notes of such type; and     

(xxiv) 
			 all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in clauses (i) through (xxiv) above.     

(b) 
			 The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, issue any preferred Equity Interests or any Disqualified Equity Interests, except preferred Equity Interests issued to and held by the Borrower or any Subsidiary.     

Section 6.02           Liens  .  The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except: 

(i) 
			 Liens created under the Loan Documents;     

(ii) 
			 Permitted Encumbrances;     

102 

(iii) 
			 Liens existing on the Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 6.02 and any modifications, replacements, renewals or extensions thereof;   provided   that (A) such modified, replacement, renewal or extension Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (1) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and (2) proceeds and products thereof, and (B) the obligations secured or benefited by such modified, replacement, renewal or extension Lien are permitted by Section 6.01;     

(iv) 
			 Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(a)(v);   provided   that (A) such Liens attach concurrently with or within 270 days after the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement (as applicable) of the property subject to such Liens, (B) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness except for accessions to such property and the proceeds and the products thereof and (C) with respect to Capitalized Lease Obligations, such Liens do not at any time extend to or cover any assets (except for accessions to or proceeds of such assets) other than the assets subject to such Capitalized Lease Obligations;   provided   further   that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender;     

(v) 
			 Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods;     

(vi) 
			 Liens (A) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection and (B) in favor of a banking institution arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits (including the right of setoff) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry;     

(vii) 
			 Liens (A) on cash advances or escrow deposits in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or otherwise in connection with any escrow arrangements with respect to any such Investment or any Disposition permitted under Section 6.05 (including any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to such Investment or Disposition), or (B)     consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 6.05, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien;     

(viii) 
			 Liens on property of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, which Liens secure Indebtedness of such Subsidiary permitted under Section 6.01;     

(ix) 
			 Liens granted by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of any Loan Party and Liens granted by a Loan Party in favor of any other Loan Party;     

(x) 
			 Liens existing on property at the time of its acquisition or existing on the property of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary, in each case after the Effective Date (other than Liens on the Equity Interests of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary);   provided   that (A) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, (B) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or property (other than the proceeds or products thereof and, in the case of a Person becoming a Subsidiary, other than after-acquired property of such Person under a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that require or include, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of such      

103 

after-acquired property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition), and (C) the Indebtedness secured thereby is permitted under Section 6.01(a)(v) or Section 6.01(a)(vii); 

(xi) 
			 any interest or title of a lessor under leases (other than leases constituting Capitalized Lease Obligations) entered into by any of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;     

(xii) 
			 Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods by any of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;     

(xiii) 
			 Liens deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements under clause (e) of the definition of the term  Permitted Investments      

(xiv) 
			 Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;     

(xv) 
			 Liens that are contractual rights of setoff (A) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks not given in connection with the incurrence of Indebtedness, (B) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (C) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;     

(xvi) 
			 ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries are located;     

(xvii) 
			 Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;     

(xviii) 
			 other Liens;   provided   that at the time of the granting of and after giving Pro Forma Effect to any such Lien and the obligations secured thereby (including the use of proceeds thereof) the aggregate face amount of obligations secured by Liens existing in reliance on this clause (xix) shall not exceed an amount equal to the greater of (x) $25,000,000 and (y) 9.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period;     

(xix) 
			 Liens on assets of FreedomRoads Entities and Equity Interests of any FreedomRoads Entities securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(xviii);     

(xx) 
			 Liens on the Collateral securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(viii) and (xx);    provided   that such Liens shall be junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations on the terms set forth in an intercreditor agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and     

(xxi) 
			 Liens on the Collateral securing Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt and Additional Notes (but only if such Additional Notes and the related Liens meet the requirements set forth in clauses (a), (d), (e) and (f) of the      

104 

definition of Permitted First Priority Refinancing Indebtedness or Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Indebtedness). 

Section 6.03           Fundamental Changes  . 

(a)       The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that: 

(i) 
			 (A) any Subsidiary may merge with the Borrower;   provided   that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or (B) any Subsidiary may merge with any one or more Subsidiaries;   provided   that when any Subsidiary Loan Party is merging with another Subsidiary (1) the continuing or surviving Person shall be a Subsidiary Loan Party or (2) if the continuing or surviving Person is not a Subsidiary Loan Party, the acquisition of such Subsidiary Loan Party by such surviving Subsidiary would otherwise be permitted under Section 6.04 if deemed an Investment by a Loan Party in such surviving Subsidiary;     

(ii) 
			 (A) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may merge or consolidate with or into any other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and (B) any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks;     

(iii) 
			 any Subsidiary may make a Disposition of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to another Subsidiary;   provided   that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Loan Party, then (A) the transferee must be a Loan Party (other than Holdings), (B) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a permitted Investment in a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in accordance with Section 6.04 or (C) to the extent constituting a Disposition to a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such Disposition is for fair value and any promissory note or other non-cash consideration received in respect thereof is a permitted Investment in a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in accordance with Section 6.04;     

(iv) 
			 the Borrower may merge or consolidate with any other Person;   provided   that (A) the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (B) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger or consolidation is not the Borrower (any such Person, the    Successor Borrower   ), (1) the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, (2) the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume all the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (3) each Loan Party other than the Borrower, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have reaffirmed, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that its Guarantee of, and grant of any Liens as security for, the Secured Obligations shall apply to the Successor Borrower s obligations under this Agreement and (4) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer and an opinion of counsel, each stating that such merger or consolidation complies with this Agreement;   provided   further   that (y) if such Person is not a Loan Party, no Event of Default exists after giving effect to such merger or consolidation and (z) if the foregoing requirements are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;   provided   further   that the Borrower agrees to provide any      

105 

documentation and other information about the Successor Borrower as shall have been reasonably requested in writing by any Lender or Issuing Bank through the Administrative Agent that such Lender or Issuing Bank shall have reasonably determined is required by regulatory authorities under applicable  know your customer  and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA Patriot Act; 

(v) 
			 any Subsidiary may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any other Person in order to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04;   provided   that the continuing or surviving Person shall be a Subsidiary, which together with each of its Subsidiaries, shall have complied with the requirements of Sections 5.11 and 5.12 and if the other party to such transaction is not a Loan Party, no Event of Default exists after giving effect to such transaction;     

(vi) 
			 any Subsidiary may effect a merger, dissolution, liquidation consolidation or amalgamation to effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 6.05;   provided   that if the other party to such transaction is not a Loan Party, no Event of Default exists after giving effect to the transaction.     

(b)       The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on the Effective Date and businesses reasonably related or ancillary thereto. 

Section 6.04           Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions  .  The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, make or hold any Investment, except: 

(a) 
			 Permitted Investments;     

(b) 
			 loans or advances to officers, directors and employees of CWH, Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (i) for reasonable and customary business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes, (ii) in connection with such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) (  provided   that the amount of such loans and advances made in cash to such Person shall be contributed to the Borrower in cash as common equity or Qualified Equity Interests), and (iii) for     purposes not described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii),   provided   that the aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time under this clause (b) shall not to exceed the greater of (x) $10,000,000 and (y) 3.5% of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period;     

(c) 
			 Investments (i) by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in any Loan Party (excluding any new Subsidiary that becomes a Loan Party pursuant to such Investment), (ii) by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in any other Subsidiary that is also not a Loan Party, (iii) by the Borrower or any Subsidiary (A) in any Subsidiary;   provided   that the aggregate amount of (1)such Investments made by Loan Parties after the Effective Date in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties in reliance on this clause (iii)(A) and (2)consideration paid or provided by the Borrower or any other Loan Party after the Effective Date in reliance on Section 6.04(h) or Section 6.04(m) for acquisitions (including the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness assumed in connection with acquisitions) of Subsidiaries that shall not be or, after giving effect to such acquisitions, shall not become Loan Parties, or for assets that, after giving effect to such acquisitions, shall not be owned by Loan Parties, shall not exceed the Non-Loan Party Investment Amount at the time of any such Investment, (B) in any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, constituting an exchange of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary for Indebtedness of such Subsidiary or (C) constituting Guarantees of Indebtedness or other monetary obligations of     

106 

Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties owing to any Loan Party, (iv) by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties so long as such Investment is part of a series of simultaneous Investments that result in the proceeds of the initial Investment being invested in one or more Loan Parties and (v) by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, consisting of the contribution of Equity Interests of any other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party so long as the Equity Interests of the transferee Subsidiary are pledged to secure the Secured Obligations; 

(d) 
			 Investments consisting of extensions of trade credit and accommodation guarantees in the ordinary course of business;     

(e) 
			 Investments (i) existing or contemplated on the Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 6.04(e) and any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension thereof and (ii) Investments existing on the Effective Date by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any modification, renewal or extension thereof;   provided   that the amount of the original Investment is not increased except by the terms of such Investment to the extent set forth on Schedule 6.04(e) or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.04;     

(f) 
			 Investments in Swap Agreements incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;     

(g) 
			 promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 6.05;     

(h) 
			 Permitted Acquisitions;   provided   that the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of consideration paid or provided by the Borrower or any other Loan Party after the Effective Date in reliance on this Section 6.04(h) or Section 6.04(m) for acquisitions (including the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness assumed in connection with acquisitions) of Subsidiaries that shall not be or, after giving effect to such acquisitions, shall not become Loan Parties, or for any assets that, after giving effect to such acquisitions, shall not be owned by Loan Parties and (ii) any Investments made in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties pursuant to Section 6.04(c)(iii)(A), shall not exceed the Non-Loan Party Investment Amount at such time;     

(i) 
			 Investments by Loan Parties in FreedomRoads Entities in an aggregate amount not greater than the greater of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) 18.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period to finance RV Dealership Acquisitions;     

(j) 
			 Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and Uniform Commercial Code Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past practices;     

(k) 
			 Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers or in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers and suppliers or upon the foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment;     

(l) 
			 loans and advances to Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) or any Intermediate Parent in lieu of, and not in excess of the amount of (after giving effect to any other loans, advances or Restricted Payments in respect thereof) Restricted Payments to the extent      

107 

permitted to be made to Holdings (or such parent) in accordance with Section 6.07(a)(iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) (and the amounts of Restricted Payments permitted under such provisions in Section 6.07 shall be reduced by the amounts of any such loans or advances); 

(m) 
			 so long as immediately after giving effect to any such Investment no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, other Investments (other than, in the case of Investments of the type referred to in clauses (a) and (b) of the definition thereof, in or for the benefit of any direct or indirect owner of Equity Interests in the Borrower) and other acquisitions;   provided   that at the time any such Investment or other acquisition is made, the aggregate outstanding amount of all Investments made in reliance on this clause (m), together with the aggregate amount of all consideration paid in connection with all other acquisitions made in reliance on this clause (m) (including the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness assumed in connection with any such other acquisition), shall not exceed the sum of (i) the greater of (x) $50,000,000 and (y) 18.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) the Available Amount;   provided further  , that the aggregate amount of consideration paid or provided (including the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness assumed) by the Borrower or any other Loan Party after the Effective Date in reliance on this Section 6.04(m) or Section 6.04(h) for Investments in and acquisitions of Subsidiaries that shall not be or, after giving effect to such acquisitions, shall not become Loan Parties, or for any assets that shall not be owned by Loan Parties, together with the aggregate amount of any Investments made in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties pursuant to Section 6.04(c)(iii)(A), shall not exceed the Non-Loan Party Investment Amount at such time;     

(n) 
			 advances of payroll payments to employees in the ordinary course of business;     

(o) 
			 Investments by FreedomRoads Entities;     

(p) 
			 Investments of a Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date or of a Person merged or consolidated with any Subsidiary in accordance with this Section and Section 6.03 after the Effective Date or that otherwise becomes a Subsidiary (  provided   that if such Investment is made under Section 6.04(h), existing Investments in subsidiaries of such Subsidiary or Person shall comply with the requirements of Section 6.04(h) or 6.04(m) or any other paragraph of this Section 6.04) to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with     such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation;     

(q) 
			 receivables owing to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, if created or acquired in the ordinary course of business; and     

(r) 
			 Investments for (A) utilities, security deposits, leases and similar prepaid expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business and (B) trade accounts created, or prepaid expenses accrued, in the ordinary course of business.     

Section 6.05           Asset Sales  .  The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, (i) sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any asset, including any Equity Interest owned by it, or (ii) permit any Subsidiary to issue any additional Equity Interests in such Subsidiary (other than issuing directors  qualifying shares, nominal shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Requirements of Law and Equity Interests to the Borrower or a Subsidiary in compliance with Section 6.04(c)) (each, a    Disposition   ), except: 

108 

(a) 
			 Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and Dispositions of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;     

(b) 
			 Dispositions of inventory and other assets in the ordinary course of business;     

(c) 
			 Dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property;     

(d) 
			 Dispositions of property to the Borrower or a Subsidiary;   provided   that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Loan Party, then (i) the transferee must be a Loan Party, (ii) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be a permitted Investment in a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in accordance with Section 6.04 or (iii) to the extent constituting a Disposition to a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such Disposition is for fair value and any promissory note or other non-cash consideration received in respect thereof is a permitted investment in a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in accordance with Section 6.04;     

(e) 
			 Dispositions permitted by Section 6.03, Investments permitted by Section 6.04, Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.07 and Liens permitted by Section 6.02;     

(f) 
			 Dispositions of property acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the Effective Date pursuant to sale-leaseback transactions permitted by Section 6.06;     

(g) 
			 Dispositions of Permitted Investments;     

(h) 
			 Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof;     

(i) 
			 (A) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under an open source license), in each case in the ordinary course of business and that do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and     (B) nonexclusive licenses of Intellectual Property among Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;     

(j) 
			 transfers of property subject to Casualty Events upon receipt of the Net Proceeds of such Casualty Events;     

(k) 
			 Dispositions of property to Persons other than Subsidiaries (including the sale or issuance of Equity Interests of a Subsidiary) not otherwise permitted under this Section 6.05;   provided   that (i) no Event of Default shall exist at the time of, or would result from, such Disposition (other than any such Disposition made pursuant to a legally binding commitment entered into at a time when no Event of Default existed or would have resulted from such Disposition) and (ii) with respect to any Disposition pursuant to this clause (k) for a purchase price in excess of $7,500,000, the Borrower or a Subsidiary shall receive not less than 75% of such consideration in the form of cash or Permitted Investments;   provided  ,   however  , that for the purposes of this clause (ii), (A) any liabilities (as shown on the most recent balance sheet of the Borrower provided hereunder or in the notes thereto) of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Document Obligations, that are assumed by the transferee with respect to the applicable Disposition and for      

109 

which the Borrower and all of the Subsidiaries shall have been validly released by all applicable creditors in writing, shall be deemed to be cash, (B) any securities received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by the Borrower or such Subsidiary into cash or Permitted Investments (to the extent of the cash or Permitted Investments received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition, shall be deemed to be cash and (C) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (k) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of $7,500,000 at the time of the receipt of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration, with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value, shall be deemed to be cash; 

(l) 
			 Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures that are not Subsidiaries to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between, the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements; and     

(m) 
			 Dispositions or forgiveness of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business in connection with the collection or compromise thereof;     

provided   that any Disposition of any property pursuant to this Section (except pursuant to Sections 6.05(e) and except for Dispositions by a Loan Party to another Loan Party), shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such Disposition. 

Section 6.06           Sale and Leaseback Transactions  .  The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred, except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 730 days after the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset;   provided   that, if such sale and leaseback results in a Capital Lease Obligation, such Capital Lease Obligation is permitted by Section 6.01 and any Lien made the subject of such Capital Lease Obligation is permitted by Section 6.02. 

Section 6.07           Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness  . 

(a) 
			 The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except:     

(i) 
			 each Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the Borrower and to its other Subsidiaries;    provided   that in the case of any such Restricted Payment by a Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower,  such Restricted Payment is made to the Borrower and to any other Subsidiary and to each other owner of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary based on their relative ownership interests of the relevant class of Equity Interests;     

(ii) 
			 the Borrower and each Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of such Person;   provided   that in the case of any such Restricted Payment by a Subsidiary that is      

110 

not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, such Restricted Payment is made to the Borrower and to any other Subsidiary and to each other owner of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary based on their relative ownership interests of the relevant class of Equity Interests; 

(iii) 
			 repurchases of Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price or withholding taxes payable in connection with the exercise of such options or warrants;     

(iv) 
			 Restricted Payments to Holdings which Holdings may use to redeem, acquire, retire, repurchase or settle its Equity Interests (or any options or warrants or stock appreciation rights issued with respect to any of such Equity Interests) (or make Restricted Payments to allow any of Holdings  direct or indirect parent companies to so redeem, retire, acquire or repurchase their Equity Interests) held by current or former officers, managers, consultants, directors and employees (or their respective spouses, former spouses, successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributees) of Holdings or any direct or indirect parent thereof (only to the extent attributable to the Borrower), the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, upon the death, disability, retirement or termination of employment of any such Person or otherwise in accordance with any stock option or stock appreciation rights plan, any management, director and/or employee stock ownership or incentive plan, stock subscription plan, employment termination agreement or any other employment agreements or equity holders  agreement in an aggregate amount after the Effective Date, together with the aggregate amount of loans and advances to Holdings made pursuant to Section 6.04(l) in lieu of Restricted Payments permitted by this clause (v), not to exceed $10,000,000 in any calendar year with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over to succeeding calendar years subject to a maximum of $15,000,000 any calendar year (without giving effect to the following proviso);   provided   that such amount in any calendar year may be increased by an amount not to exceed the cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (or by Holdings and contributed to Borrower) after the Effective Date;     

(v) 
			 the Borrower and the Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments in cash to Holdings and any Intermediate Parent:     

(A) 
			 to the extent Holdings is required to make any payments under Section 4.01(b) of the Holdings LLC Agreement;     

(B) 
			 the proceeds of which shall be used by Holdings or any Intermediate Parent to pay (or to make Restricted Payments to allow any direct or indirect parent of Holdings to pay) (1) its operating expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business and other corporate overhead costs and expenses (including administrative, legal, accounting and similar expenses payable to third parties) that are reasonable and customary and incurred in the ordinary course of business, in an aggregate amount, together with the aggregate amount of loans and advances to Holdings made pursuant to Section 6.04(l) in lieu of Restricted Payments permitted by this clause (a)(vii)(B), not to exceed $1,000,000 in any fiscal year plus any reasonable and customary indemnification claims made by directors or officers of Holdings (or any parent thereof) attributable to the ownership or operations of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, (2) fees and expenses (x) due and payable by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries and (y) otherwise permitted to be paid by the Borrower or such Subsidiary under this Agreement and (3) so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) shall have occurred and      

111 

be continuing or would result therefrom, any management, monitoring, consulting and advisory fees payable to the Investors on or after the Effective Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,500,000 in any fiscal year; 

(C) 
			 the proceeds of which shall be used by Holdings or any Intermediate Parent to pay (or to make Restricted Payments to allow any direct or indirect parent of Holdings to pay) franchise and similar Taxes, and other fees and expenses, required to maintain its corporate existence;     

(D) 
			 to finance any Investment permitted to be made pursuant to Section 6.04;   provided   that (A) such Restricted Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (B) Holdings or any Intermediate Parent shall, immediately following the closing thereof, cause (1) all property acquired (whether assets or Equity Interests but not including any loans or advances made pursuant to Section 6.04(b)) to be contributed to the Borrower or the Subsidiaries or (2) the Person formed or acquired to merge into or consolidate with the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (to the extent such merger or consolidation is permitted in Section 6.03) in order to consummate such Investment, in each case in accordance with the requirements of Sections 5.11 and 5.12; and     

(E) 
			 the proceeds of which shall be used by Holdings or any Intermediate Parent to pay (or to make Restricted Payments to allow any direct or indirect parent thereof to pay) fees and expenses related to any unsuccessful equity or debt offering permitted by this Agreement so long as attributable to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries;     

(vi) 
			 in addition to the foregoing Restricted Payments and so long as (1) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (2) the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Financial Performance Covenant on a Pro Forma Basis as of the end of the most recent Test Period (regardless of whether such Financial Performance Covenant is applicable at such time), the Borrower may make additional Restricted Payments to any Intermediate Parent and Holdings, in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount;     

(vii) 
			 redemptions in whole or in part of any of its Equity Interests for another class of its Equity Interests or with proceeds from substantially concurrent equity contributions or issuances of new Equity Interests;   provided   that such new Equity Interests contain terms and provisions at     least as advantageous to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in all respects material to their interests as those contained in the Equity Interests redeemed thereby;     

(viii) 
			 so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings:     

(A) 
			 to provide funds that are used by CWH to pay amounts required to be paid by CWH under the Tax Receivable Agreement;     

(B) 
			 to provide funds that are used by Holdings and/or CWH to (1) pay Public Company Expenses, (2) reimburse expenses of CWH to the extent required by the Holdings LLC Agreement and (3) make indemnification payments to the extent required by the Holdings LLC Agreement;     

112 

(C) 
			 of up to $30,000,000 during any fiscal year to provide funds that are used by Holdings to pay regular quarterly dividends ratably to its unitholders (including CWH) with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over to the succeeding calendar year;    provided   that the funds received by CWH are used to pay regular quarterly dividends to its shareholders; and     

(D) 
			 Restricted Payments to Holdings that are used for  Cash Settlements  pursuant to the Holdings LLC Agreement; and     

(ix) 
			 so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may make additional Restricted Payments to any Intermediate Parent and Holdings in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $20,000,000 and (y) 7.0% of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period.     

(b) 
			 The Borrower will not, and will not permit any other Subsidiary to, make or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Subordinated Indebtedness, or any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Subordinated Indebtedness, or any other payment (including any payment under any Swap Agreement) that has a substantially similar effect to any of the foregoing, except:     

(i) 
			 payment of regularly scheduled interest and principal payments as, in the form of payment and when due in respect of any Indebtedness, other than payments in respect of any Subordinated Indebtedness prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof;     

(ii) 
			 refinancings of Indebtedness to the extent permitted by Section 6.01;     

(iii) 
			 the conversion of any Subordinated Indebtedness to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Holdings or any of its direct or indirect parent companies or any Intermediate Parent; and     

(iv) 
			 so long as (1) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (2) the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Financial Performance Covenant on a Pro Forma Basis as of the end of the most recent Test Period (regardless of whether such Financial Performance Covenant is applicable at such time), prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments in respect of any Subordinated     Indebtedness prior to their scheduled maturity in an aggregate amount, not to exceed the Available Amount.     

Section 6.08           Transactions with Affiliates  .  The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (i) transactions (A) among the Borrower and Subsidiary Loan Parties, (B) among Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties and (C) consisting of Investments by Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties pursuant to Section 6.04(c)(iii), (ii) on terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by such Person at the time in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, (iii) the payment of fees and expenses related to the Transactions, (iv) so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the payment of management, monitoring, 

113 

consulting and advisory fees to the Investors (or management companies of the Investors) in an aggregate amount in any fiscal year not to exceed the amount permitted to be paid pursuant to Section 6.07(a)(v)(B)(3) and the entering into and performance of any agreements contemplated thereby, (v) issuances of Equity Interests of the Borrower to the extent otherwise permitted by this Agreement, (vi) employment and severance arrangements between the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees in the ordinary course of business (including loans and advances pursuant to Sections 6.04(b) and 6.04(n)), (vii) payments by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries pursuant to tax sharing agreements among Holdings (and any parent thereof), any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on customary terms to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, to the extent payments are permitted by Section 6.07(a)(v)(A), (viii) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors, officers and employees of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent entity), the Borrower, any Intermediate Parent and the Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, (ix) transactions pursuant to permitted agreements in existence or contemplated on the Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 6.08 or any amendment thereto to the extent such an amendment is not adverse to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks in any material respect, (x) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.07, (xi) the furnishing of services by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, and (xii) customary payments by the Borrower and any Subsidiaries to the Investors made for any financial advisory, consulting, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities (including in connection with acquisitions or divestitures), which payments are approved by a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of Holdings in good faith. 

Section 6.09           Restrictive Agreements  .  The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary Loan Party to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets to secure the Secured Obligations or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to any Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of any Subsidiary;   provided   that the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) shall not apply to any such restrictions that (i) (x) exist on the Effective Date and (to the extent not otherwise permitted by this Section 6.09) are listed on Schedule 6.09 and (y) any renewal or extension of a restriction permitted by clause (i)(x) or any agreement evidencing such restriction so long as such renewal or extension does not expand the scope of such restrictions, (ii) (x) are binding on a Subsidiary at the time such Subsidiary first becomes a Subsidiary, so long as such restrictions were not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary and (y) any renewal or extension of a restriction permitted by clause (ii)(x) or any agreement evidencing such restriction so long as such renewal or extension does not expand the scope of such restriction, (iii) are contained in Indebtedness of a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party that is permitted by Section 6.01 and do not restrict the creation of Liens securing the Secured Obligations, (iv) are customary restrictions that arise in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 6.05 applicable pending such Disposition solely to the assets subject to such Disposition, (v) are customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures permitted under Section 6.04, (vi) are negative pledges and restrictions on Liens in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 but solely to the extent any negative pledge relates to the property financed by such Indebtedness, (vii) are imposed by Requirements of Law, (viii) are customary restrictions contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby so long as such restrictions relate only to the assets subject thereto, (ix) comprise restrictions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(v) to the extent that such restrictions apply only to the property or assets  

114 

securing such Indebtedness, (x) are customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (xi) are customary provisions restricting assignment of any license, lease or other agreement, (xii) are restrictions on cash (or Permitted Investments) or deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business (or otherwise constituting Permitted Encumbrances on such cash or Permitted Investments or deposits), (xiii) are customary net worth provisions contained in real property leases or licenses of intellectual property entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, so long as the Borrower has determined in good faith that such net worth provisions could not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of the Borrower and its subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligation, (xiv) arise under any documentation evidencing or governing the terms of any Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.01(a)(viii), Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt or Additional Notes and in each case do not restrict the creation of Liens securing the Secured Obligations or (xv) are imposed on FreedomRoads Entities by the FreedomRoads Floorplan Credit Agreement. 

Section 6.10           Amendment of Subordinated Indebtedness  .  The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, amend, modify, waive, terminate or release the documentation governing any Subordinated Indebtedness, in each case if the effect of such amendment, modification, waiver, termination or release is materially adverse to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. 

Section 6.11           Financial Performance Covenant  .  With respect to the Revolving Facility only, except with the written consent of the Required Revolving Lenders, the Borrower will not permit the Total Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any Test Period to exceed the ratio set forth below opposite the last day of such Test Period: 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 6.11 shall be in effect (and shall only be in effect) as of the last day of any Test Period, if the aggregate amount of all Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans, Letters of Credit (other than those cash collateralized in an amount equal to the outstanding amount thereof) and unreimbursed LC Disbursements outstanding at such time is greater than 30.0% of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Lenders  Revolving Commitments at such time;    provided   that, solely for purposes of calculating the effectiveness of the Financial Covenant at any Test Period, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit outstanding and not cash collateralized and (b) $5,000,000 shall be deducted from both the Revolving Exposure and the aggregate amount of the Revolving Lenders  Revolving Commitments at such time. 

Section 6.12           Changes in Fiscal Periods  .  The Borrower will not make any change in its fiscal year;   provided  ,   however  , that the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change its fiscal year to any other fiscal year reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in fiscal year. 

115 

Section 6.13           Holding Company  . 

(a) 
			 Holdings and any Intermediate Parent will not conduct, transact or otherwise engage in any business or operations other than (i) the ownership and/or acquisition of the Equity Interests of the Borrower and any Intermediate Parent, (ii) the maintenance of its legal existence, including the ability to incur fees, costs and expenses relating to such maintenance, (iii) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative matters as a member of the consolidated group of CWH, Holdings and the Borrower, (iv) the performance of its obligations under and in connection with its Organizational Documents, the Loan Documents, any document entered into in respect of any guarantee of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness or any other Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.01 (other than any FreedomRoads Floorplan Indebtedness), any agreement contemplated by Section 6.08(iv) and any other agreements contemplated hereby and thereby, (v) any public offering of its common stock or any other issuance or registration of its Qualified Equity Interests for sale or resale, including the costs, fees and expenses related thereto, (vi) incurring fees, costs and expenses relating to overhead and general operating including professional fees for legal, tax and accounting issues and paying taxes, (vii) providing usual and customary indemnification to officers and directors, (viii) activities in connection with or incidental to the consummation of the Transactions and the IPO Transactions, including any activities in connection with or incidental to the Tax Receivable Agreement, the Holdings LLC Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with or incidental to the IPO Transactions, (ix) holding the proceeds of capital raises (whether debt or equity) not prohibited by the Loan Documents, (x) activities and contractual rights incidental to the maintenance and administration of stock plans, (xi) guaranteeing obligations under leases of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (xii) activities incidental to the businesses or activities described in clauses (i) to (xi) of this paragraph.     

(b) 
			 Holdings and any Intermediate Parent will not own or acquire any material assets (other than Equity Interests as referred to in paragraph (a)(i) above, cash and Permitted Investments or intercompany Investments in any Intermediate Parent or the Borrower or to the extent such asset is only held for a limited period prior to being transferred to the Borrower) or incur any liabilities (other than liabilities imposed by law, including tax liabilities, and other liabilities incidental to its existence and business and activities permitted by this Agreement) or issue any Disqualified Equity.     

Section 6.14           FreedomRoads Entities  .  Notwithstanding anything set forth in any Loan Document, nothing in any Loan Document will restrict any FreedomRoads Entity in a manner that would be prohibited under Section 7.21 or any comparable provision of the FreedomRoads Credit Agreement. 

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Section 7.01           Events of Default  .  If any of the following events (any such event, an    Event of Default   ) shall occur: 

(a) 
			 any Loan Party shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;     

(b) 
			 any Loan Party shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section) payable under any Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days;     

116 

(c) 
			 any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made;     

(d) 
			 Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to observe or perform (i)  any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02, 5.04 (with respect to the existence of Holdings, the Borrower or such Subsidiaries), 5.10 or in Article VI (other than Section 6.11) or (ii) the Financial Performance Covenant pursuant to Section 6.11;   provided   that a Default as a result of a breach of Section 6.11 is subject to cure pursuant to Section 7.02;   provided further   that an Event of Default under the Financial Performance Covenant shall not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any Term Loan unless and until (A) the Revolving Lenders have actually declared all outstanding obligations under the Revolving Loans to be immediately due and payable in accordance with this Agreement as a result of the Borrower s failure to perform or observe the Financial Performance Covenant or (B) such default results in a cross-default to other Material Indebtedness of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, such Indebtedness is accelerated and such acceleration would otherwise cause a default with respect to the Term Loans;     

(e) 
			 Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in paragraph (a), (b) or (d) of this Section), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower;     

(f) 
			 Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable (after giving effect to any applicable grace period);     

(g) 
			 any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with all applicable grace periods having expired) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity;   provided   that this paragraph (g) shall not apply to (i) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the sale, transfer or other disposition (including as a result of a casualty or condemnation event) of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness (to the extent such sale, transfer or other disposition is not prohibited under this Agreement) or (ii) termination events or similar events (other than events in the nature of defaults or events of default) occurring under any Swap Agreement that     constitutes Material Indebtedness (it being understood that paragraph (f) of this Section will apply to any failure to make any payment required as a result of any such termination or similar event);     

(h) 
			 an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, court protection, reorganization or other relief in respect of Holdings, the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or of a material part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, examiner, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for Holdings, the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a material part of      

117 

its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed or unstayed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

(i) 
			 Holdings, the Borrower or any other Material Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, court protection, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in paragraph (h) of this Section, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, examiner, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for Holdings, the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a material part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding or (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;     

(j) 
			 one or more enforceable judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $30,000,000 (to the extent not covered by insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied coverage) shall be rendered against Holdings, the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 60 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any judgment creditor shall legally attach or levy upon assets of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to enforce any such judgment;     

(k) 
			 (i) an ERISA Event occurs that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party in an aggregate amount that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;     

(l) 
			 any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any material portion of the Collateral, with the priority required by the applicable Security Document, except (i) as a result of the sale or other disposition of the applicable Collateral in a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents, (ii) as a result of the Administrative Agent s failure to maintain possession of any stock certificates, promissory notes, certificates of title or other instruments delivered to it under the Security Documents or (iii) as to Collateral consisting of real property to the extent that such losses are covered by a lender s title insurance policy and such insurer has not denied coverage;     

(m) 
			 any material provision of any Loan Document or any Guarantee of the Loan Document Obligations shall for any reason be asserted by any Loan Party not to be a legal, valid     and binding obligation of any Loan Party thereto other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder;     

(n) 
			 any Guarantees of the Loan Document Obligations by any Loan Party pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement shall cease to be in full force and effect (in each case, other than in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents); or     

(o) 
			 a Change in Control shall occur;     

118 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to Holdings or the Borrower described in paragraph (h) or (i) of this Section), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times:  (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in case of any event with respect to Holdings or the Borrower described in paragraph (h) or (i) of this Section, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 

Section 7.02           Right to Cure  . 

(a) 
			 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 7.01, in the event that the Borrower and the Subsidiaries fail to comply with the requirements of the Financial Performance Covenant as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, at any time after the beginning of such fiscal quarter until the expiration of the tenth day subsequent to the earlier of (i) the date on which a Compliance Certificate with respect to such fiscal quarter (or the fiscal year ended on the last day of such fiscal quarter) is delivered in accordance with Section 5.01(c) and (ii) the date on which the financial statements with respect to such fiscal quarter (or the fiscal year ended on the last day of such fiscal quarter) are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), as applicable, Holdings shall have the right to issue Qualified Equity Interests for cash or otherwise receive cash contributions to the capital of Holdings as cash common equity or other Qualified Equity Interests in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (which Holdings shall contribute through its Subsidiaries of which the Borrower is a Subsidiary to the Borrower as cash common equity) (collectively, the    Cure Right   ), and upon the receipt by the Borrower of the Net Proceeds of such issuance that are Not Otherwise Applied (the    Cure Amount   )  pursuant to the exercise by Holdings of such Cure Right, the Financial Performance Covenant shall be recalculated giving effect to the following pro forma adjustment:     

(i) 
			 Consolidated EBITDA shall be increased with respect to such applicable fiscal quarter and any Test Period that contains such fiscal quarter, solely for the purpose of measuring the Financial Performance Covenant and not for any other purpose under this Agreement, by an amount equal to the Cure Amount; and     

(ii) 
			 if, after giving effect to the foregoing pro forma adjustment (without giving effect to any repayment of any Indebtedness with any portion of the Cure Amount or any portion of the Cure Amount on the balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case, with respect to such fiscal quarter only), the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall then be in compliance with the requirements of the Financial Performance Covenant, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of the Financial Performance Covenant as of the relevant date of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of the Financial Performance Covenant that had occurred shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement;     

119 

provided   that the Borrower shall have notified the Administrative Agent of the exercise of such Cure Right within five Business Days of the issuance of the relevant Qualified Equity Interests for cash or the receipt of the cash contributions by Holdings. 

(b) 
			 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) in each four consecutive fiscal quarter period of the Borrower there shall be at least two fiscal quarters in which the Cure Right is not exercised, (ii) during the term of this Agreement, the Cure Right shall not be exercised more than five times and (iii) the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required for purposes of complying with the Financial Performance Covenant and any amounts in excess thereof shall not be deemed to be a Cure Amount.  Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the Cure Amount received pursuant to any exercise of the Cure Right shall be disregarded for purposes of determining any financial ratio-based condition, pricing provision or available basket under this Agreement.     

ARTICLE VIII 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

Section 8.01           Appointment and Authorization of Agents  .  Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Goldman Sachs Bank USA to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers, rights and remedies as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers, rights and remedies as are reasonably incidental thereto.  In performing its functions and duties hereunder, each Agent Party shall act solely as an agent of Lenders and does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with or for Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries.  The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Agent Parties and the Lenders (including the Swingline Lenders) and the Issuing Banks, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions.  It is understood and agreed that the use of the term  agent  herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to any Agent Party is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Requirement of Law.  Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 

Each Issuing Bank shall act on behalf of the Revolving Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each Issuing Bank shall have all of the benefits and immunities (a) provided to Agent Parties in this Article with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such Issuing Bank in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term  Agent Party  as used in this Article and the definition of  Agent Parties  included such Issuing Bank with respect to such acts or omission, and (b) as additionally provided herein with respect to each Issuing Bank. 

Section 8.02           Rights as a Lender  .  Each Agent Party shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent Party hereunder, and the term  Lender  or  Lenders  shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include any Person serving as an Agent Party hereunder in its individual capacity.  The agency hereby created shall in no way impose any duties or obligations upon any Agent Party in its individual capacity as a Lender hereunder.  Each such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not an Agent Party hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 

120 

Section 8.03           Exculpatory Provisions  . 

(a) 
			 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature, and none of the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent or, except as expressly set forth herein, any Arranger shall have any duties or obligations hereunder.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (i) be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; (ii) have any duty to take any discretionary action (including the failure to take an action) or exercise any discretionary powers, except (in the case of the Administrative Agent) discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents);   provided   that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and (iii) except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.     

(b) 
			 Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it under or in connection with any of the Loan Documents, including with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Article VII and Section 9.02), except to the extent caused by its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment.  Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Administrative Agent shall not have any liability arising from confirmations of the amount of outstanding Loans or the LC Exposure or the component amounts thereof.  The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender, an Issuing Bank or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default and stating that such notice is a  notice of default.      

(c) 
			 No Agent Party shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any financial or other statements, instruments, certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith (including any telephonic notice, electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution), (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness, collectability or     sufficiency or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than (in the case of the Administrative Agent) to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to it.     

Section 8.04           Reliance by Administrative Agent  .  The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any communication, notice, request, 

121 

certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.  The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to any Borrowing that by its terms shall be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such Issuing Bank prior to any such Borrowing.  The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts or professional advisors selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

Section 8.05           Delegation of Duties  .  The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties.  The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Loans as well as activities as Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 

Section 8.06           Indemnification of the Administrative Agent  .  Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, each Lender shall indemnify upon demand each Agent Party (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower and without limiting the obligations of any Loan Party to do so) on a pro rata basis (determined as of the time that the applicable payment is sought based on each Lender s ratable share at such time) and hold harmless each Agent Party against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including counsel fees and disbursements) or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent Party in exercising its powers, rights and remedies or performing its duties hereunder or under the other Loan Documents or otherwise in its capacity as such Agent Party in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or any Letter of Credit or the use of proceeds thereof (   Indemnified Liabilities   );   provided   that (a) no Lender shall be liable for payment to any Agent Party of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities to the extent determined in a final, nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent Party s own gross negligence or willful misconduct (and no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section) and (b) to the extent any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender is entitled to indemnification under this Section solely in its capacity and role as an Issuing Bank or as a Swingline Lender, as applicable, only the Revolving Lenders shall be required to indemnify such Issuing Bank or such Swingline Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section (determined as of the time that the applicable payment is sought based on each Revolving Lender s Revolving Exposure thereof at such time).  In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person.  Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including the fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection 

122 

with preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights and responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such costs or expenses by or on behalf of the Borrower (but without limitation of the Borrower s obligations to provide such reimbursement). 

Section 8.07           Resignation of Administrative Agent  .  The Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent upon 20 days  notice to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent (which may be an Affiliate of a Lender), with the consent of the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (f), (g) or (h) (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).  If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment prior to the effective date of the resignation of the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent from among the Lenders or a commercial bank with a combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000 that can act as a withholding agent for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on such effective date, whereupon (a) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (b) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and Issuing Bank directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above.  Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents.  The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor.  After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.  Any resignation of any Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.07 shall, if applicable, also constitute the resignation of such Administrative Agent as Swingline Lender and/or Issuing Bank. 

Section 8.08           Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders  .  Each Lender and each Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent Party or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.  Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent Party or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

123 

Section 8.09           Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim  .  In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or obligation under a Letter of Credit shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) 
			 To file a verified statement pursuant to rule 2019 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure that  in its sole opinion, complies with such rule s disclosure requirements for entities representing more than one creditor;     

(b) 
			 to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, all obligations under Letters of Credit and all other Secured Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and     

(c) 
			 to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;     

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03.  To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of Administrative Agent, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03 out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Lenders or Issuing Banks may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. 

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Secured Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 

Section 8.10           Withholding Taxes  .  To the extent required by any applicable laws, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax.  Without limiting or expanding the provisions of Section 2.17, each Lender shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent against, and shall make payments in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent by the IRS or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to properly withhold Tax from amounts  

124 

paid to or for the account of such Lender for any reason (including, without limitation, because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of withholding Tax ineffective), whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Section. The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Secured Obligations.  For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Section, the term  Lender  shall include any Issuing Bank and any Swingline Lender. 

Section 8.11           Binding Effect  .  Each Secured Party by accepting the benefits of the Loan Documents agrees that (a) any action taken by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if expressly required hereby, a greater proportion of the Lenders) in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, (b) any action taken by the Administrative Agent in reliance upon the instructions of Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) and (c) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Secured Parties. 

Section 8.12           Additional Secured Parties  .  The benefit of the provisions of the Loan Documents directly relating to the Collateral or any Lien granted thereunder shall extend to and be available to any Secured Party that is not a Lender or Issuing Bank party hereto as long as, by accepting such benefits, such Secured Party agrees, as among the Administrative Agent and all other Secured Parties, that such Secured Party is bound by (and, if requested by the Administrative Agent shall confirm such agreement in a writing in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent) this Article VIII, Section 2.17, Section 9.01, Section 9.04, Section 9.08, Section 9.12 and Section 9.16 (and, solely with respect to Issuing Banks, Section 2.05) and the decisions and actions of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion of the Lenders or other parties hereto as required herein) to the same extent a Lender is bound;   provided  ,   however  , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) such Secured Party shall be bound by Section 8.10 and Section 9.03 only to the extent of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses with respect to or otherwise relating to the Collateral held for the benefit of such Secured Party, in which case the obligations of such Secured Party thereunder shall not be limited by any concept of pro rata share or similar concept, (b) the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks party hereto shall be entitled to act at its sole discretion, without regard to the interest of such Secured Party, regardless of whether any Loan Document Obligation to such Secured Party thereafter remains outstanding, is deprived of the benefit of the Collateral, becomes unsecured or is otherwise affected or put in jeopardy thereby, and without any duty or liability to such Secured Party or any such Loan Document Obligation and (c) except as otherwise set forth herein, such Secured Party shall not have any right to be notified of, consent to, direct, require or be heard with respect to, any action taken or omitted in respect of the Collateral or under any Loan Document. 

125 

ARTICLE IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.01           Notices  . 

(a) 
			 Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax or other electronic transmission, as follows:     

(i) 
			 if to Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, to the address, fax number, e-mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 9.01; and     

(ii) 
			 if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or fax number, telephone number or email address) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain Private-Side Information relating to the Borrower).     

Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient).  Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below shall be effective as provided in such paragraph (b). 

(b) 
			 Electronic Communications  .  Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including email and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent;    provided   that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to Article II if such Lender or any Issuing Bank, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication.     

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the  return receipt requested  function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement);   provided   that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 

(c) 
			 The Platform  .  THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED  AS IS  AND  AS AVAILABLE.   THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS.  NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR     

126 

STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM.  In no event shall the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any of their respective Related Parties (collectively, the    Agent Parties   ) have any liability to Holdings, the Borrower, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party;   provided  ,   however  , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to Holdings, the Borrower, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 

(d) 
			 Change of Address, Etc  .  Each of Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender may change its address, electronic mail address, fax or telephone number for notices and other communications or website hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.  Each other Lender may change its address, fax or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender.  In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, fax number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender.     

(e) 
			 Reliance by Administrative Agent, Issuing Banks and Lenders  .  The Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof.  The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, each Lender and the Related Parties from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction.  All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.     

Section 9.02           Waivers; Amendments  . 

(a) 
			 No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power under this Agreement or any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.  The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have.  No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or the issuance, amendment,      

127 

renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.  No notice or demand on the Borrower or Holdings in any case shall entitle the Borrower or Holdings to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 

(b) 
			 Except as provided in Section 2.20 with respect to any Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment or Incremental Term Facility Amendment or in Section 2.21 with respect to any Refinancing Amendment, none of this Agreement, any Loan Document (other than the Fee Letters, which may be amended and modified in accordance with the terms thereof) or any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except, in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by Holdings, the Borrower and the Required Lenders or, in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, in each case with the consent of the Required Lenders;   provided   that no such agreement shall:     

(i) 
			 increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood that, subject to clause (ix) below, a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 or the waiver of any Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute an extension or increase of any Commitment of any Lender);     

(ii) 
			 reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby;   provided   that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay default interest pursuant to Section 2.13(c) or to amend Section 2.13(c);     

(iii) 
			 postpone the maturity of any Loan or the expiration date of any Letter of Credit, or the date of any scheduled amortization payment of the principal amount of any Term Loan, or the reimbursement date with respect to any LC Disbursement, or any date for the payment of any interest or fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby;     

(iv) 
			 change Section 2.18(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of the Lenders holding a Majority in Interest of the outstanding Loans and unused Commitments of each adversely affected Class;     

(v) 
			 change any of the provisions of this Section without the written consent of each Lender that is or could be directly and adversely affected thereby;     

(vi) 
			 change the percentage set forth in the definition of  Required Lenders,   Required Revolving Lenders  or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Class) required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (or each Lender of such Class, as the case may be);     

(vii) 
			 release all or substantially all the value of the Guarantees under the Guarantee Agreement (except as expressly provided in this Agreement or the Guarantee Agreement) without the written consent of each Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender);     

128 

(viii) 
			 release all or substantially all the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents (except as expressly provided in this Agreement or the Security Documents), without the written consent of each Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender);     

(ix) 
			 change any provisions of any Loan Document in a manner that by its terms adversely affects the rights, or increases the obligations, of Lenders holding Loans of any Class differently than those holding Loans of any other Class, without the written consent of Lenders (other than a Defaulting Lender) holding a Majority in Interest of the outstanding Loans and unused Commitments of each adversely affected Class;  or     

(x) 
			 change the rights of the Term Lenders to decline mandatory prepayments as provided in Section 2.11 or the rights of any Additional Lenders of any Class to decline mandatory prepayments of Term Loans of such Class as provided in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, without the written consent of a Majority in Interest of the Term Lenders or Additional Lenders of such Class, as applicable;     

provided   further   that (A) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Swingline Lender without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Swingline Lender, as the case may be, and (B) any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by Holdings, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) so long as, in each case, the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days  prior written notice thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent, Holdings and the Borrower (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Lenders prior to such inclusion, (b) guarantees, collateral security documents and related documents executed by Foreign Subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and may be, together with this Agreement, amended and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent at the request of the Borrower without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered in order (i) to comply with local law or advice of local counsel, (ii) to cure ambiguities or defects (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) or (iii) to cause such guarantee, collateral security document or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (c) only the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders shall be necessary to amend or waive the terms and provisions of Section 6.11, 7.01(d)(ii) and/or 7.02 (and related definitions as used in such Sections, but not used in other Sections of this Agreement), and such Sections and definitions shall not be amended without the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders. 

(c) 
			 In connection with any proposed amendment, modification, waiver or termination (a    Proposed Change   ) requiring the consent of all Lenders or all affected Lenders, if the consent of the Required Lenders (and, to the extent any Proposed Change requires the consent of Lenders holding Loans of any Class pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section, the consent of a Majority in Interest of the outstanding Loans and unused Commitments of such Class) to such Proposed Change is obtained, but the consent to such Proposed Change of other Lenders whose consent is required is not obtained (any such      

129 

Lender whose consent is not obtained as described in paragraph (b) of this Section being referred to as a    Non-Consenting Lender   ), then, so long as the Lender that is acting as Administrative Agent is not a Non-Consenting Lender, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Non-Consenting Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Non-Consenting Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment);   provided   that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent to the extent such consent would be required under Section 9.04(b) for an assignment of Loans or Commitments, as applicable (and, if a Revolving Commitment is being assigned, each Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender), which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, (ii) such Non-Consenting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder (including pursuant to Section 2.11(g)) from the Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) unless waived, the Borrower or such Eligible Assignee shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 9.04(b)(ii). 

(d) 
			 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to the contrary, the Revolving Commitments, Term Loans and Revolving Exposure of any Lender that is at the time a Defaulting Lender shall not have any voting or approval rights under the Loan Documents and shall be excluded in determining whether all Lenders (or all Lenders of a Class), all affected Lenders (or all affected Lenders of a Class), a Majority in Interest of Lenders of any Class or the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to this Section);   provided   that (i) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (ii) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender.     

(e) 
			 In the event that S P, Moody s and Thompson s BankWatch (or Insurance-Watch Ratings Service, in the case of Lenders that are insurance companies (or Best s Insurance Reports, if such insurance company is not rated by Insurance Watch Ratings Service)) shall, after the date that any Lender becomes a Revolving Lender, downgrade the long-term certificate deposit ratings of such Lender, and the resulting ratings shall be below BBB-, Baa3 and C (or BB, in the case of a Lender that is an insurance company (or B, in the case of an insurance company not rated by InsuranceWatch Ratings Service)), then each Issuing Bank shall have the right, but not the obligation, at its own expense, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, to replace such Lender with an Eligible Assignee (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in paragraph (b) above), and such Lender hereby agrees to transfer and assign without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in paragraph (b) above) all its interests, rights and obligations as a Revolving Lender under this Agreement to such Eligible Assignee;   provided  ,   however  , that (i) no such assignment shall conflict with any law, rule and regulation or order of any Governmental Authority, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder from the Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) each Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent and such Eligible Assignee shall have received the prior written consent of the Borrower, each other Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender to the extent such consent would be required under Section 9.04(b) for an assignment of Loans or Commitments, as applicable, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or      

130 

delayed and (iv) unless waived, the Borrower or such Eligible Assignee shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 9.04(b)(ii). 

(f) 
			 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to the contrary, each Affiliated Lender hereby agrees that, if a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law shall be commenced by or against the Borrower or any other Loan Party at a time when such Lender is an Affiliated Lender, (i) such Affiliated Lender shall not take any step or action in such proceeding to object to, impede or delay the exercise of any right or the taking of any action by the Administrative Agent (or the taking of any action by a third party that is supported by the Administrative Agent) in relation to such Affiliated Lender s claim with respect to its Term Loans (a    Claim   ) (including objecting to any debtor in possession financing, use of cash collateral, grant of adequate protection, sale or disposition, compromise, or plan of reorganization) so long as such Affiliated Lender is treated in connection with such exercise or action on the same or better terms as the other Lenders and (ii) with respect to any matter requiring the vote of Lenders during the pendency of any such proceeding (including voting on any plan of reorganization), the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender (and any Claim with respect thereto) shall be deemed to have been voted by such Lender without discretion in the same proportion as the allocation of voting with respect to such matter by Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders, so long as such Affiliated Lender is treated in connection with the exercise of such right or taking of such action on the same or better terms as the other Lenders.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Lenders and each Affiliated Lender agree and acknowledge that the provisions set forth in this paragraph constitute a  subordination agreement  as such term is contemplated by, and utilized in, Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, and, as such, would be enforceable for all purposes in any case where a Loan Party has filed for protection under any Debtor Relief Law applicable to the Loan Party (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not cause the Term Loans held by any Affiliated Lender to be subordinated in right of payment to any other Secured Obligations).     

(g) 
			 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all or a portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Lender.     

Section 9.03           Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver  . 

(a) 
			 The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates (without duplication), including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Cravath, Swaine   Moore LLP and, to the extent reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be necessary, one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction (exclusive of any reasonably necessary special counsel) and, in the case of an actual or reasonably perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel per affected party, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, and the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof, (ii) all reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by each Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, (iii) all out-of-pocket costs and reasonable and documented or invoiced expenses of the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with the creating, perfecting, recording, maintaining and preserving Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, including filing and recording fees, expenses and taxes, stamp or documentary taxes, search fees, title insurance premiums and reasonable fees, expenses and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent and of counsel providing any opinions that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in respect of the Collateral or the Liens created      

131 

pursuant to the Collateral Agreement and (iv) all reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders, in connection with the enforcement or protection of any rights or remedies (A) in connection with the Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws), including its rights under this Section or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit;   provided   that such counsel shall be limited to one lead counsel and such local counsel (exclusive of any reasonably necessary special counsel) as may reasonably be deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent in each relevant jurisdiction and, in the case of an actual or reasonably perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel and one local counsel per affected party. 

(b) 
			 The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, each Lender, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, the Arrangers and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an    Indemnitee   ) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket fees and expenses of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by CWH, the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the arrangement and syndication of the credit facilities established hereby, any Incremental Revolving Facility or Incremental Term Facility established hereunder and any Refinancing Amendment effected hereunder, the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties to the Loan Documents of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by an Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) to the extent in any way arising from or relating to any of the foregoing, any actual or alleged presence or Release or threat of Release of Hazardous Materials on, at, to or from any Mortgaged Property or any other property currently or formerly owned or operated by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any other Environmental Liability related in any way to Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, regardless of whether brought by a third party or by CWH, the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto;   provided   that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs or related expenses (x) resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment), (y) resulted from a material breach of the Loan Documents by such Indemnitee (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment) or (z) arose from disputes between or among Indemnitees that do not involve an act or omission by CWH, the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates (other than claims against an Indemnitee in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an administrative agent or arranger or Issuing Bank or any similar role under this Agreement).     

(c) 
			 To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, any Arranger, any Related Party  or any Issuing Bank under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, such Arranger, such Related Party or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time      

132 

that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount;   provided   that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, such Arranger, such Related Party or such Issuing Bank in its capacity as such.  For purposes hereof, a Lender s  pro rata share  shall be determined based upon its share of the Aggregate Revolving Exposure, outstanding Term Loans and unused Commitments at such time (or, if there are no outstanding Revolving Exposures, outstanding Term Loans and unused Commitments at such time, the Aggregate Revolving Exposure, outstanding Term Loans and unused Commitments then most recently in effect).  The obligations of the Lenders under this paragraph (c) are subject to the last sentence of Section 2.02(a) (which shall apply   mutatis mutandis   to the Lenders  obligations under this paragraph (c)). 

(d) 
			 No Loan Party shall assert, and each hereby waives on behalf of itself and each other Loan Party, any claim against any Indemnitee (i) for any direct or actual damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet) in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby;   provided   that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such direct or actual damages are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final, non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof.     

(e) 
			 All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than 10 Business Days after written demand therefor;   provided  ,   however  , that any Indemnitee shall promptly refund an indemnification payment received hereunder to the extent that there is a final judicial determination that such Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such payment pursuant to this Section.     

Section 9.04           Successors and Assigns  . 

(a) 
			 The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder other than as expressly provided in Section 6.03 without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void), (ii) no assignment shall be made to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Persons who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (ii) and (iii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section.  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section), the Indemnitees and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.     

133 

(b) 
			 (i)  Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraphs (b)(ii) and (f) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent (except with respect to assignments to competitors of the Borrower identified in writing in a list delivered to the Administrative Agent and made available to each Lender prior to the Effective Date) not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of (A) the Borrower;   provided   that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment (x) by a Lender to any Lender or an Affiliate of any Lender, (y) by a Lender to an Approved Fund or (z) if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing; (B) the Administrative Agent;   provided   that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of a Term Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or to an Affiliated Lender and (C) solely in the case of Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments, each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender;   provided   that, for the avoidance of doubt, no consent of any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan or Term Commitment.  Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, if the Borrower has not given the Administrative Agent written notice of its objection to an assignment within 10 Business Days after written notice of such assignment, the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to such assignment.     

(ii)  Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:  (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the trade date specified in the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment or, if no trade date is so specified, as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall, in the case of Revolving Loans, not be less than $2,500,000 or, in the case of a Term Loan, $1,000,000, unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);   provided   that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing;    provided   further   that simultaneous assignments by or to two or more Approved Funds shall be combined for purposes of determining whether the minimum assignment requirement is met, (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement;   provided   that this clause (B) shall not be construed to prohibit assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans, (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent or, if previously agreed with the Administrative Agent, manually execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, and, in each case, together (unless waived or reduced by the Administrative Agent) with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500;   provided   that the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, may elect to waive or reduce such processing and recordation fee;   provided   further   that assignments made pursuant to Section 2.19(b), Section 9.02(c) or Section 9.02(e) shall not require the signature of the assigning Lender to become effective and (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any tax forms required by Section 2.17(f) and an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain Private-Side Information about the Borrower, the Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 

(iii)  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(v) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder  

134 

shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of (and subject to the obligations and limitations of) Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and to any fees payable hereunder that have accrued for such Lender s account but have not yet been paid).  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c)(i) of this Section. 

(iv)  The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal and interest amounts of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the    Register   ).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.  In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender.  The Register shall be available for inspection by (i) the Borrower and the Issuing Banks and (ii) to the extent of (A) its own Loan and Commitments and (B) Loans of Affiliated Lenders, any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(v)  Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire and any tax forms required by Section 2.17(f) (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register.  No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

(vi)  The words  execution,   signed,   signature  and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

(c) 
			 (i)  Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other Persons other than a natural person, a Defaulting Lender, Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective subsidiaries (a    Participant   ) in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it);   provided   that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C)      

135 

Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement.  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and any other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement and any other Loan Documents;   provided   that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that directly and adversely affects such Participant.  Subject to paragraph (c)(iii) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the obligations and limitations of such Sections, including Section 2.17(f) (  provided   that any required documentation shall be provided to the participating Lender) and Section 2.19) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section.  To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender;   provided   that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. 

(ii)  Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal and interest amounts of each participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the    Participant Register   ).  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary;   provided   that no Lender shall have the obligation to disclose all or a portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any loans or other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary in connection with a Tax audit or other proceeding to establish that any loans are in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

(iii)  A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or Section 2.17 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, except to the extent that a Participant s right to a greater payment results from a Change in Law after the Participant becomes a Participant. 

Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other  central  bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest,   provided   that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(d) 
			 In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (i) pay and satisfy in     

136 

full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (ii) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

(e) 
			 Assignments of Term Loans to an Affiliated Lender shall be subject to the following additional limitations:     

(i) 
			 Affiliated Lenders will not (A) receive information provided solely to Lenders by the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender and will not be permitted to attend or participate in meetings attended solely by the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, other than the right to receives notices or Borrowings, notices of prepayments and other administrative notices in respect of its Loans required to be delivered to Lenders pursuant to Article II and (B) be entitled to receive advice of counsel to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent or challenge the Lenders  attorney-client privilege;     

(ii) 
			 for purposes of any amendment, waiver or modification of any Loan Document (including such modifications pursuant to Section 9.02), or, subject to Section 9.02(f), any plan of reorganization pursuant to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, that in either case does not require the consent of each Lender or each affected Lender or does not adversely affect such Affiliated Lender in any material respect as compared to other Lenders, Affiliated Lenders will be deemed to have voted in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders voting on such matter; and each Affiliated Lender hereby acknowledges, agrees and consents that if, for any reason, its vote to accept or reject any plan pursuant to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code is not deemed to have been so voted, then such vote will be (A) deemed not to be in good faith and (B)  designated  pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code such that the vote is not counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such plan in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code;   provided   that Affiliated Debt Funds will not be subject to such voting limitations and will be entitled to vote as any other Lender;     

(iii) 
			 Affiliated Lenders may not purchase Revolving Loans or acquire Revolving Commitments by assignment pursuant to this Section;     

(iv) 
			 the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans purchased by assignment pursuant to this Section 9.04 and held at any one time by Affiliated Lenders may not exceed 25% of the principal amount of all Term Loans outstanding at the time of each such purchase; and     

(v) 
			 Affiliated Lenders other than Affiliated Debt Funds will not be permitted to vote on matters requiring a Required Lender vote, and the Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders shall be disregarded in determining (A) other Lenders  commitment percentages or (B) matters submitted to Lenders for consideration that do not require the consent of each Lender or each affected Lender or do not adversely affect such Affiliated Lender in any material respect as compared to other Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders;   provided   that the commitments of any Affiliated Lender shall not be increased, the Interest Payment Dates and the dates of any scheduled amortization payments (including at maturity) owed to any Affiliated Lender      

137 

hereunder will not be extended and the amounts owning to any Affiliated Lender hereunder will not be reduced without the consent of such Affiliated Lender. 

(f) 
			 Notwithstanding anything in Section 9.02 or the definition of  Required Lenders  to the contrary, for purposes of determining whether the Required Lenders have (i) consented (or not consented) to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, (ii) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (iii) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, all Term Loans and Commitments held by Affiliated Debt Funds may not account for more than 49.9% of the Term Loans and Commitments of consenting Lenders included in determining whether the Required Lenders have consented to any action pursuant to Section 9.02.     

(g) 
			 Each Lender participating in any assignment to Affiliated Lenders or accepting any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment acknowledges and agrees that in connection with such assignment or prepayment, (i) the Affiliated Lenders then may have, and later may come into possession of, Excluded Information, and that no Affiliated Lender is representing or warranting that it is not in possession of any Excluded Information, (ii) such Lender has independently and, without reliance on the Affiliated Lenders or any of their subsidiaries, Holdings, the Borrower or any of their subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent or any other Agent Parties, has made its own analysis and determination to participate in such assignment or to accept such prepayment notwithstanding such Lender s lack of knowledge of the Excluded Information, (iii) none of the Affiliated Lenders or any of their subsidiaries, Holdings, the Borrower or their respective subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent or any other Agent Party shall have any liability to such Lender, and such Lender hereby waives and releases, to the extent permitted by law, any claims such Lender may have against the Affiliated Lenders and any of their subsidiaries, Holdings, the Borrower and their respective subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent and any other Agent Parties, under applicable laws or otherwise, with respect to the nondisclosure of the Excluded Information and (iv) that the Excluded Information may not be available to the Administrative Agent or the other Lenders.     

Section 9.05           Survival  .  All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to any Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated.  The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, in the event that, in connection with the refinancing or repayment in full of the credit facilities provided for herein, an Issuing Bank shall have provided to the Administrative Agent a written consent to the release of the Revolving Lenders from their obligations hereunder with respect to any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (whether as a result of the obligations of the Borrower (and any other account party) in respect of such Letter of Credit having been collateralized in full by a deposit of cash with such Issuing Bank or being supported by a letter of credit that names such Issuing Bank as the beneficiary thereunder, or otherwise), then from and after such time  

138 

such Letter of Credit shall cease to be a  Letter of Credit  outstanding hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Revolving Lenders shall be deemed to have no participations in such Letter of Credit, and no obligations with respect thereto, under Section 2.05(e) or (g). 

Section 9.06           Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Fee Letters and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers or the arrangement and syndication of the Loans and Commitments constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.  Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

Section 9.07           Severability  .  Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.  Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.07, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 

Section 9.08           Right of Setoff  .  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, any such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower then due and owing under this Agreement held by such Lender or Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Issuing Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although (a) such obligations may be contingent or unmatured and (b) such obligations are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or Issuing Bank different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such Indebtedness;   provided   that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (i) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.22 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (ii) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Secured Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff.  The applicable Lender and applicable Issuing Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such setoff and application;   provided   that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such setoff and application under this Section.  The rights of each Lender, each Issuing  

139 

Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates may have. 

Section 9.09           Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process  . 

(a) 
			 This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York.     

(b) 
			 Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court.  Each of the     parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.  Nothing in any Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to any Loan Document against any Loan Party or their respective properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.     

(c) 
			 Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section.  Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.     

(d) 
			 Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01.  Nothing in any Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.     

Section 9.10          WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL  .  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

Section 9.11          Headings  .  Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

140 

Section 9.12          Confidentiality  . 

(a) 
			 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates, and to its and its Affiliates  directors, officers, employees, trustees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other agents and advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential and any failure of such Persons acting on behalf of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the relevant Lender to comply with this Section shall constitute a breach of this Section by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the relevant Lender, as applicable), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority or self-regulatory authority, required by applicable law or by any subpoena or similar legal process;   provided   that solely to the extent permitted by law and other than in connection with ordinary course audits and reviews by regulatory and self-regulatory authorities, each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower as promptly as practicable of any such requested or required disclosure in connection with any legal or regulatory proceeding;   provided   further   that in no event shall any Lender or the Administrative Agent be obligated or required to return any materials furnished by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of Holdings, (iii) to any other party to this     Agreement, (iv) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (v) for purposes of establishing a  due diligence  defense, (vi) to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (B) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any Swap Agreement or derivative transaction relating to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries and its obligations under the Loan Documents or (C) any pledgee referred to in Section 9.04(c);    provided   that, in each case pursuant to this clause (vi), such assignee, Participant, counterparty or pledgee are advised of and agree to be bound by either the provisions of this Section 9.12(a) or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or the applicable Lender, as the case may be, and the Borrower, including pursuant to the confidentiality terms set forth in the Confidential Information Memorandum dated as of October 26, 2016 or other marketing materials relating to the credit facilities governed by this Agreement, (vii) if required by any rating agency;   provided   that prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall have agreed in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such Information, (viii) to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (B) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Holdings or the Borrower or (ix) to the extent necessary or customary for inclusion in league table measurement.  In addition, the Administrative Agent and each Lender may disclose the existence of this Agreement and the information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar services providers to the lending industry, and service providers to, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  For the purposes hereof,    Information    means all information received from Holdings or the Borrower relating to Holdings, the Borrower, any other Subsidiary or their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary;   provided   that, in the case of information received from Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the Effective Date, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential.  Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.     

(b) 
			 EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12(a)) FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND NOT MARKED     

141 

PUBLIC  MAY INCLUDE PRIVATE-SIDE INFORMATION CONCERNING CWH, HOLDINGS, THE BORROWER, ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF PRIVATE-SIDE INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH PRIVATE-SIDE INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

(c)  ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT, WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH, IF NOT MARKED  PUBLIC , MAY CONTAIN PRIVATE-SIDE INFORMATION ABOUT CWH, HOLDINGS, THE BORROWER, ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES.  ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN PRIVATE-SIDE INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

Section 9.13          USA Patriot Act  .  Each Lender that is subject to the USA Patriot Act, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notify the Borrower and each other Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender, such Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the USA Patriot Act. 

Section 9.14          Judgment Currency  . 

(a) 
			 If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given.     

(b) 
			 The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of any obligation owing hereunder (the    Applicable Creditor   ) shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the    Judgment Currency   ) other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the    Agreement Currency   ), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss.  The obligations of the Borrower under this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder.     

142 

Section 9.15          Release of Liens and Guarantees  . 

(a) 
			 A Subsidiary Loan Party shall automatically be released from its obligations under the Loan Documents, and all security interests created by the Security Documents in Collateral owned by such Subsidiary Loan Party shall be automatically released, upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement as a result of which such Subsidiary Loan Party ceases to be a Subsidiary;   provided   that, if so required by this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided otherwise.  Upon any sale or other transfer by any Loan Party (other than to Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party) of any Collateral in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, or upon the effectiveness of any written consent to the release of the security interest created under any Security Document in any Collateral or the release of Holdings or any Subsidiary Loan Party from its Guarantee under the Guarantee Agreement pursuant to Section 9.02, the security interests in such Collateral created by the Security Documents or such guarantee shall be automatically released.  Upon termination of the aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Loan Document Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations not yet due) and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (including as a result of obtaining the consent of the applicable Issuing Bank as described in Section 9.05), all Guarantees under the Loan Documents and all security interests created by the Security Documents shall be automatically released.  Any such release of Guarantees and security interests shall be deemed subject to the provision that such Guarantees and security interests shall be reinstated if after such release any portion of any payment in respect of the Loan Document Obligations guaranteed thereby shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or upon or     as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.  In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release so long as the Borrower or applicable Loan Party shall have provided the Administrative Agent such certifications or documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.     

(b) 
			 The Administrative Agent will, at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to subordinate the Administrative Agent s Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 6.02(iv).     

(c) 
			 Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to provide any release or evidence of release, termination or subordination contemplated by this Section.  Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Loan Party from its obligations under any Loan Document, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Document and this Section.     

Section 9.16          No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility  .  In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each of the Borrower and Holdings acknowledges and agrees that (a) (i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders, the Lenders and the Arrangers are arm s-length commercial transactions between the  

143 

Borrower, Holdings and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders, the Lenders and the Arrangers, on the other hand, (ii) each of the Borrower and Holdings has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) each of the Borrower and Holdings is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b) (i) each of the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders, the Lenders and the Arrangers is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, Holdings, any of their respective Affiliates or any other Person and (ii) none of the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders, the Lenders and the Arrangers has any obligation to the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (c) the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders, the Lenders and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged, for their accounts or the accounts of customers, in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, Holdings and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders, the Lenders and the Arrangers has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and Holdings hereby agrees it will not claim that the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, the Lenders or any Arranger has rendered advisory services of any nature or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to it in connection with the Transactions and waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lenders, the Lenders and the Arrangers with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 

Section 9.17          Interest Rate Limitation  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable law (the    Maximum Rate   ).  If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower.  In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the obligations hereunder. 

Section 9.18          Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among the parties hereto, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) 
			 the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and     

144 

(b) 
			 the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:     

(i) 
			 a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;     

(ii) 
			 a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or     

(iii) 
			 the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority.     

[Signature page follows] 

145 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

CWGS GROUP, LLC, as the Borrower  

By:  

/s/ Marcus Lemonis  

Name:   Marcus Lemonis  

Title:   Chief Executive Officer  

CWGS ENTERPRISES, LLC, as Holdings  

By:  

/s/ Marcus Lemonis  

Name:   Marcus Lemonis  

Title:   Chief Executive Officer  

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as Administrative Agent, a Lender and Swingline Lender  

By:  

/s/ Gabriel Jacobson  

Name:   Gabriel Jacobson  

Title:   Authorized Signatory  

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender  

By:  

/s/ Robert P. Kellas  

Name:   Robert P. Kellas  

Title:   Executive Director  

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 cwh-20160930ex311c7ca61.htm
 EX-31.1

cwh_Ex31_1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Marcus A. Lemonis, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Camping World Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) [Omitted] 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and; 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Marcus A. Lemonis  

Marcus A. Lemonis  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 cwh-20160930ex312610b5b.htm
 EX-31.2

cwh_Ex31_2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Thomas F. Wolfe, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Camping World Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) [Omitted] 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and; 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Thomas F. Wolfe  

Thomas F. Wolfe  

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 cwh-20160930ex321642af4.htm
 EX-32.1

cwh_Ex32_1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Camping World Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Marcus A. Lemonis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Marcus A. Lemonis  

Marcus A. Lemonis  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 cwh-20160930ex32221d309.htm
 EX-32.2

cwh_Ex32_2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Camping World Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas F. Wolfe, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: November 10, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Thomas F. Wolfe  

Thomas F. Wolfe  

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 cwh-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cwh-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cwh-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cwh-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cwh-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cwh-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

