<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1571398_0001571049-16-019738_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5004853</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89877</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>270209</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1186522</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2251656</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1094820</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>64</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019738.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110160139
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019738
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sunnyside Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001571398
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55005
		FILM NUMBER:		161987955

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			IRVINGTON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10533
		BUSINESS PHONE:		914-591-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			IRVINGTON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10533

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019738.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 t1602675_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington,
D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2016 

OR  

For the transition period from
_______________ to _______________ 

Commission File No. 000-55005  

Sunnyside
Bancorp, Inc.    

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Maryland    
       
        46-3001280     
 
       (State
        or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation
        or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
        Employer  
          Identification
        Number)    

56 Main Street, Irvington, New York    
       
        10533     
 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
         
      Zip Code   

(914) 591-8000   

  (Registrant s
telephone number)  

N/A   

  (Former name
or former address, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
requirements for the past 90 days. 

 YES  x      NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

 YES  x      NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
       
      Smaller reporting company  x    
 
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 YES         NO
 x  

As of November 9,
2016, 793,500 shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Sunnyside Bancorp, Inc.   

  Form 10-Q  

Index  

Page    
 
        Part I. Financial Information     

Item 1.   
       
       Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
       
      1   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      2   3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      4   5   

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   
       
      6   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      7   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       
      8   26   

Item 2.   
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      27   31   

Item 3.   
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
       
      31   

Item 4.   
       
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      31   

Part II. Other Information     

Item 1.   
       
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      32   

Item 1A.   
       
       Risk Factors   
       
      32   

Item 2.   
       
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      32   

Item 3.   
       
       Defaults upon Senior Securities   
       
      32   

Item 4.   
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      32   

Item 5.   
       
       Other Information   
       
      32   

Item 6.   
       
       Exhibits   
       
      32   

Signature Page   
       
      33   

Table of Contents           

Part I.   Financial Information  

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements    

SUNNYSIDE
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

    Condensed
CONSOLIDATED Statements of Financial Condition    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

Sunnyside
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

    Condensed
CONSOLIDATED Statements of Operations      (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

Sunnyside
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

    Condensed
CONSOLIDATED Statements of Operations      (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

Sunnyside
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

    CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)      (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

Sunnyside
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

    CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)      (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

SUNNYSIDE BANCORP,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

S     unnyside
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

    Condensed
cONSOLIDATED StatementS of Cash Flows      (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Table of Contents           

Sunnyside
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

   Form
10-Q   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The following is a description of the more significant policies
used in the presentation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Sunnyside Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary, (collectively,
the  Company ). 

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements are comprised of the accounts
of Sunnyside Bancorp. Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Sunnyside Federal Savings and Loan Association of Irvington ( Sunnyside
Federal  or the  Association ). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. 

Business   

Sunnyside Federal is a community-oriented savings institution
whose primary business is accepting deposits from customers within its market area (Westchester County, New York) and investing
those funds in mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family residences and in mortgage-backed and other securities. To a significantly
lesser extent, funds are invested in multi-family and commercial mortgage loans, commercial loans, and consumer loans. Customer
deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. As a federally-chartered savings association,
Sunnyside Federal s primary regulator is the Office of the Controller of the Currency (the  OCC ). 

Basis of Financial Statement Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements
of the Company have been prepared in accordance with instructions for Form 10-Q, and in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include
all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. However, such information presented reflects
all adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments), which are, in the opinion of the Company s management,
necessary for a fair statement of results for the interim period. 

The results of operations for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ended December 31, 2016, or any other
future interim period. The unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the
audited financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s annual report
on Form 10-K. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

For purposes of reporting cash flows, the Company considers
all cash and amounts due from depository institutions and interest-bearing deposits in other depository institutions with original
maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Investment and Mortgage-Backed Securities  

Securities that the Company has the positive intent and ability
to hold to maturity are classified as held-to-maturity securities and reported at amortized cost. Securities classified as available-for-sale
securities are reported at fair value, with unrealized holding gains or losses reported in a separate component of retained earnings.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no securities classified as held for trading. 

The Company conducts a periodic review and evaluation of the
securities portfolio to determine if a decline in the fair value of any security below its cost basis is other-than-temporary.
The evaluation of other-than-temporary impairment considers the duration and severity of the impairment, the Company s intent
and ability to hold the securities and assessments of the reason for the decline in value and the likelihood of a near-term recovery.
If such a decline is deemed other-than-temporary, the security is written down to a new cost basis and the resulting loss is charged
to income as a component of non-interest expense. 

Table of Contents           

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Cont d)  

Investment and Mortgage-Backed Securities  (Cont d) 

Premiums and discounts on securities are amortized by use of
the level-yield method, over the life of the individual securities. Gain or loss on sales of securities is based upon the specific
identification method. 

Loans Receivable  

Loans receivable are stated at unpaid principal balances less
the allowance for loan losses and net deferred loan fees. 

Recognition of interest on the accrual method is generally discontinued
when interest or principal payments are ninety days or more in arrears, or when other factors indicate that the collection of such
amounts is doubtful. At that time, a loan is placed on a nonaccrual status, and all previously accrued and uncollected interest
is reversed against interest income in the current period. Interest on such loans, if appropriate, is recognized as income when
payments are received. A loan is returned to an accrual status when factors indicating doubtful collectibility no longer exist. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

An allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level, to the
best of management s knowledge, to cover all known and inherent losses in the portfolio that are both probable and reasonable
to estimate. Management of the Company, in determining the provision for loan losses considers the risks inherent in its loan portfolio
and changes in the nature and volume of its loan activities, along with the general economic and real estate market conditions.
The Company utilizes a two tier approach: (1) identification of problem loans and establishment of specific loss allowances on
such loans; and (2) establishment of general valuation allowances on the remainder of its loan portfolio. The Company maintains
a loan review system which allows for a periodic review of its loan portfolio and the early identification of potential problem
loans. Such system takes into consideration, among other things, delinquency status, size of loans, type of collateral and financial
condition of the borrowers. Specific loan losses are established for identified loans based on a review of such information and
appraisals of the underlying collateral. General loan losses are based upon a combination of factors including, but not limited
to, actual loan loss experience, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and management's judgment. Although
management believes that adequate specific and general loan loss allowances are established, actual losses are dependent upon future
events and, as such, further additions to the level of specific and general loan loss allowances may be necessary. 

A loan evaluated for impairment is deemed to be impaired when,
based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to
the contractual terms of the loan agreement. An insignificant payment delay, which is defined as up to ninety days by the Company,
will not cause a loan to be classified as impaired. A loan is not impaired during a period of delay in payment if the Company expects
to collect all amounts due, including interest accrued at the contractual interest rate for the period of delay. The amount of
loan impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest
rate or, as a practical expedient, at the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan
is collateral dependent. All loans identified as impaired are evaluated independently. The Company does not aggregate such loans
for evaluation purposes. Payments received on impaired loans are applied first to accrued interest receivable and then to principal. 

Federal Home Loan Bank of New York stock  

As a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York ( FHLB ),
the Company is required to acquire and hold shares of FHLB Class B stock. The holding requirement varies based on the Company s
activities, primarily its outstanding borrowings, with the FHLB. The investment in FHLB stock is carried at cost. The Company conducts
a periodic review and evaluation of its FHLB stock to determine if any impairment exists. 

Premises and Equipment  

Premises and equipment are comprised of land, building, and
furniture, fixtures, and equipment, at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation charges are computed on the straight-line
method over the following estimated useful lives: 

Building and improvements  
       
      5 to 40 years   
 
      Furniture, fixtures and equipment  
       
      2 to 10 years   

Table of Contents           

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Cont d)  

Bank-Owned Life Insurance  

Bank-owned life insurance ( BOLI ) is accounted
for in accordance with FASB guidance. The cash surrender value of BOLI is recorded on the statement of financial condition as an
asset and the change in the cash surrender value is recorded as non-interest income. The amount by which any death benefits received
exceeds a policy s cash surrender value is recorded in non-interest income at the time of receipt. A liability is also recorded
on the statement of financial condition for postretirement death benefits provided by the split-dollar endorsement policy. A corresponding
expense is recorded in non-interest expense for the accrual of benefits over the period during which employees provide services
to earn the benefits. 

Income Taxes  

Federal and state income taxes have been provided on the basis
of reported income. The amounts reflected on the tax return differ from these provisions due principally to temporary differences
in the reporting of certain items for financial reporting and income tax reporting purposes. The tax effect of these temporary
differences is accounted as deferred taxes applicable to future periods. Deferred income tax expense or benefit is determined by
recognizing deferred tax assets and liabilities for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized
in earnings in the period that includes the enactment date. The realization of deferred tax assets is assessed and a valuation
allowance provided, when necessary, for that portion of the asset which is not likely to be realized. 

Employee Benefits  

Defined Benefit Plans: 

The accounting guidance related to retirement benefits requires
an employer to: (a) recognize in its statement of financial position an asset for a plan s overfunded status or a liability
for a plan s underfunded status; (b) measure a plan s assets and its obligations that determine its funded status
as of the end of the employer s fiscal year; and (c) recognize, in comprehensive income, changes in the funded status
of a defined benefit postretirement plan in the year in which the changes occur. The accounting guidance requires that plan assets
and benefit obligations be measured as of the date of the employer s fiscal year-end statement of financial condition. 

401(K) Plan: 

The Company has a 401(k) plan covering substantially all employees.
The Company matches 50% of the first 6% contributed by participants and recognizes expense as its contributions are made. 

Employee Stock Ownership Plan: 

The employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) is accounted for in
accordance with the provisions of ASC 718-40,  Employers  Accounting for Employee Stock Ownership Plans. 
The funds borrowed by the ESOP from the Company to purchase the Company s common stock are being repaid from the Association s
contributions over a period of up to 25 years. The Company s common stock not yet allocated to participants is recorded
as a reduction of stockholders  equity at cost. Compensation expense for the ESOP is based on the market price of the Company s
stock and is recognized as shares are committed to be released to participants. 

Equity Incentive Plan: 

On July 17, 2014, the Board of Directors adopted the Sunnyside
Bancorp, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Stock Incentive Plan ) which was approved by shareholders at the Company s
2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on September 16, 2014. Stock options and restricted stock may be granted to directors,
officers and other employees of the Company. The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of the options under
the plan cannot exceed 79,350 shares. The maximum number of shares of stock that may be issued as restricted stock awards cannot
exceed 23,805. 

Table of Contents           

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Cont d)  

Employee Benefits  (Cont d) 

Equity Incentive Plan (Cont d): 

The Stock Incentive Plan will remain in effect as long as any
awards under it are outstanding; however, no awards may be granted under the Stock Incentive Plan on or after the 10-year anniversary
of the effective date of the Stock Incentive Plan or July 17, 2024. 

Under FASB ASC Topic 718, the Company will recognize compensation
expense on its income statement over the requisite service period or performance period based on the grant date fair value of stock
options and other equity-based compensation (such as restricted stock). 

On June 16, 2015, the Company granted 10,500 shares of restricted
stock to certain executive officers, with a grant date fair value of $10.50 per share. Twenty percent of the shares awarded vest
annually. Management recognizes expense for the fair value of those awards on a straight line basis over the requisite service
period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized approximately $5,500 and $16,500 in expense
in regard to those restricted stock awards compared to $5,500 each for the same periods in 2015. Expected future expense relating
to these non-vested restricted shares at September 30, 2016 is $82,700 over a weighted average period of 3.75 years. There were
no stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

Comprehensive Income  

Accounting principles generally require that recognized revenue,
expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Although certain changes in assets and liabilities, such as unrealized gains
and losses on available-for-sale securities, and the actuarial gains and losses of the pension plan, are reported as a separate
component of the equity section of the balance sheet, such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income. 

Concentration of Credit Risk and Interest-Rate Risk  

Financial instruments which potentially subject the
Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, investment and mortgage-backed securities and
loans. Cash and cash equivalents include amounts placed with highly rated financial institutions. Investment securities
include securities backed by the U.S. Government and other highly rated instruments. The Company s lending activity is
primarily concentrated in loans collateralized by real estate in the State of New York. As a result, credit risk is broadly
dependent on the real estate market and general economic conditions in the State. 

The Company is principally engaged in the business of attracting
deposits from the general public and using these deposits, together with borrowings and other funds, to make loans secured by real
estate in the State of New York. The potential for interest-rate risk exists as a result of the shorter duration of the Company's
interest-sensitive liabilities compared to the generally longer duration of interest-sensitive assets. In a rising rate environment,
liabilities will reprice faster than assets, thereby reducing net interest income. For this reason, management regularly monitors
the maturity structure of the Company's assets and liabilities in order to measure its level of interest-rate risk and to plan
for future volatility. 

Advertising Costs  

It is the Company s policy to expense advertising costs
in the period in which they are incurred. 

Earnings Per Share  

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income
for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for unearned shares of the Employee
Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ). Diluted earnings per share is computed by adjusting the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding to include the effect of outstanding stock options and compensation grants, if dilutive, using the
treasury stock method. 

Table of Contents           

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Cont d)  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In June 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-12,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718) .
The amendments in this ASU require a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service
period be treated as a performance condition. The performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair
value of the award, and compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance
target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service
has already been rendered. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption
of this guidance on January 1, 2016 did not have a material impact on the operating results or financial condition of the Company. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation
of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern.  This update is intended to provide guidance about management s responsibility to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote
disclosures. Management is required under the new guidance to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the
aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the
date the financial statements are issued when preparing financial statements for each interim and annual reporting period. If conditions
or events are identified, the ASU specifies the process that must be followed by management and also clarifies the timing and content
of going concern footnote disclosures in order to reduce diversity in practice. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual
periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this guidance on January
1, 2017 is not expected to have a material impact on the operating results or financial condition of the Company. 

In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,  Income
Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20) . This ASU eliminates extraordinary items from US GAAP
and will align more closely with International Accounting Standards 1,  Presentation of Financial Statements . The
amendments in this ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this guidance on January 1, 2016 did not
have a material impact on the operating results or financial condition of the Company. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810) . This ASU focuses on the consolidation evaluation for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate
consolidation of certain legal entities by reducing the number of consolidation models from four to two and is intended to improve
current GAAP. The amendments in this ASU are effective beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this guidance on January
1, 2016 did not have a material impact on the operating results or financial condition of the Company. 

In January, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments
  Overall (Subtopic 825-10):  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  requires
all equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those
accounted for under equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee). The amendments in this
Update also require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value
of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability
at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. In addition, this ASU eliminates the requirement
to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities
and the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be
disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet for public business entities. ASU 2016-01 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 for public entities. The adoption of this guidance on January 1, 2018
is not expected to have a material impact on the operating results or financial condition of the Company. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases
(Topic 842) . Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception
of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (i) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments
arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (ii) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s
right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely
unchanged. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance.
Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating 

Table of Contents           

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (Cont d)  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  (Cont d) 

leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach
for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.
The adoption of this guidance on January 1, 2019 is not expected to have a material impact on the operating results or financial
condition of the Company. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation
  Stock Compensation (Topic 718):  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . This ASU simplifies
several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of
awards as equity or liabilities, forfeitures, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual
periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016 for public entities. The adoption of
this guidance on January 1, 2017 is not expected to have a material impact on the operating results or financial condition of the
Company. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial
Instruments   Credit Losses  (Topic 326). The new guidance replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current
GAAP with an expected credit loss methodology and requires consideration of a broader range of information to determine credit
loss estimates. Financial assets measured at amortized cost will be presented at the net amount expected to be collected by using
an allowance for credit losses. Purchased credit impaired loans will receive an allowance account at the acquisition date that
represents a component of the purchase price allocation. Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities will be recorded
through an allowance for credit losses, with such allowance limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost.
This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The
Company is currently evaluating this guidance to determine the impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to the  Statement of Cash Flows    (Topic 230). The new guidance
clarifies the classification within the statement of cash flows for certain transactions, including debt extinguishment costs,
zero-coupon debt, contingent consideration related to business combinations, insurance proceeds, equity method distributions and
beneficial interests in securitizations. The guidance also clarifies that cash flows with aspects of multiple classes of cash flows
or that cannot be separated by source or use should be classified based on the activity that is likely to be the predominant source
or use of cash flows for the item. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods
within those fiscal years. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to  have a material impact on the operating results
or financial condition of the Company. 

Subsequent Events   

The Company has evaluated all events subsequent to the balance
sheet date of September 30, 2016 through the date of this report, and has determined that there are no subsequent events that require
disclosure under FASB guidance. 

2.  MUTUAL
TO STOCK CONVERSION AND LIQUIDATION ACCOUNT   

On July 15, 2013, the Association completed its mutual-to-stock
conversion, and the Company consummated its initial stock offering. The Company sold 793,500 shares of its common stock, including
55,545 shares purchased by the Association s ESOP, at a price of $10.00 per share, in a subscription offering, for gross
offering proceeds of $7,935,000. The cost of conversion and the stock offering were deferred and deducted from the proceeds of
the offering. Conversion costs incurred totaled $845,000 resulting in net proceeds of $6.5 million after also deducting the shares
acquired by the ESOP. 

In accordance with applicable federal conversion regulations,
at the time of the completion of our mutual-to-stock conversion, the Company established a liquidation account in the Association
in an amount equal to the Association s total retained earnings as of the latest balance sheet date in the final prospectus
used in the Conversion.  Each eligible account holder or supplemental account holder is entitled to a proportionate share
of this liquidation account in the event of a complete liquidation of the Association, and only in such event.  This
share will be reduced if the eligible account holder s or supplemental account holder s deposit balance falls below
the amounts on the date of record as of any December 31 and will cease to exist if the account is closed.  The liquidation
account will never be increased despite any increase after conversion in the related deposit balance. 

The Company may not declare, pay a dividend on, or repurchase
any of its capital stock, if the effect thereof would cause retained earnings to be reduced below the liquidation account amount
or regulatory capital requirements. 

Table of Contents           

3. SECURITIES   

M ortgage-backed securities consist
of securities guaranteed by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Small Business Administration with amortized costs of
$1.8 million, $18.0 million, $7.2 million, and $3.2 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 ($2.3 million, $11.5 million,
$10.0 million, and $3.6 million, respectively, at December 31, 2015).  

Proceeds from the sale of securities held to maturity amounted
to $0 and $982,705 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net gains of $0 and $22,133 were recognized
on the sales for the three months ended, September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The sale of the securities in 2015 occurred
after the Company had already collected a substantial portion (at least 85%) of the principal outstanding due to prepayments on
the debt securities. 

Proceeds from the sales and calls of securities available for
sale amounted to $3,000,000 and $0 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net gains of $16,729 and
$0 were recognized on those sales and calls for the three months ended, September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Proceeds from the sale of securities held to maturity amounted
to $221,569 and $982,705 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net gains of $4,507 and $22,133 were
recognized on the sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The sale of the securities occurred
after the Association had already collected a substantial portion (at least 85%) of the principal outstanding due to prepayments
on the debt securities. 

Table of Contents           

3. SECURITIES  (Cont d)  

Proceeds from the sales and calls of securities available for
sale amounted to $18,704,011 and $8,606,475 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net gains of $121,891
and $99,026 were recognized on those sales and calls for the nine months ended, September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The following is a summary of the amortized cost and fair value
of securities at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, by remaining period to contractual maturity. Actual maturities may differ
from these amounts because certain debt security issuers have the right to call or redeem their obligations prior to contractual
maturity. In addition, mortgage backed securities that amortize monthly are listed in the period the security is legally set to
pay off in full. 

The following tables summarize the fair values and unrealized
losses of securities with an unrealized loss at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, segregated between securities that have
been in an unrealized loss position for less than one year, or one year or longer, at the respective dates. 

Table of Contents           

3. SECURITIES  (Cont d)  

The unrealized losses are primarily due to changes in market
interest rates subsequent to purchase. A total of 3 and 40 securities were in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company generally purchases securities issued by Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSE).
Accordingly, it is expected that the GSE securities would not be settled at a price less than the Company s amortized cost
basis. The Company does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 since the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality and the Company has
the intent and ability to hold these investments until there is a full recovery of the unrealized loss, which may be at maturity. 

4. LOANS RECEIVABLE, NET   

Table of Contents           

4. LOANS RECEIVABLE, NET  (CONT D)  

In the ordinary course of business, the Company makes loans
to its directors, executive officers, and their associates (related parties) on the same terms as those prevailing at the time
of origination for comparable loans with other borrowers. The unpaid principal balances of related party loans were approximately
$163,000 and $169,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Activity in the allowance for loan losses is summarized as follows: 

The allowance for loan losses consists of specific, general
and unallocated components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For loans that are classified
as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the
impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. There are no specific allowances as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. The general component covers pools of loans by loan class not considered impaired, as well as smaller balance homogeneous
loans, such as one-to-four family real estate, home equity lines of credit and other consumer loans.  These pools of
loans are evaluated for loss exposure based upon historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans, adjusted for qualitative
factors.  These qualitative risk factors include: 

1.  Lending policies and procedures, including underwriting
standards and collection, charge-off, and recovery practices. 

2.  National, regional, and local economic and business conditions
including the value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans. 

3.  Nature and volume of the portfolio and terms of loans. 

4.  Experience, ability, and depth of lending management and
staff and the quality of the Company s loan review system. 

5.  Volume and severity of past due, classified and nonaccrual
loans. 

6.  Existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and
changes in the level of such concentrations. 

Table of Contents           

4. LOANS RECEIVABLE, NET  (CONT D)  

7.  Effect of external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements.   

Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable
or declining conditions based on management s best judgment using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation.
Adjustments to the factors are supported through documentation of changes in conditions in a narrative accompanying the allowance
for loan loss calculation. 

An unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties
that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin
of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the
portfolio. 

The allowance calculation methodology includes further segregation
of loan classes into risk rating categories. The borrower s overall financial condition, repayment sources, guarantors and
value of collateral, if appropriate, are evaluated when credit deficiencies arise, such as delinquent loan payments. Credit quality
risk ratings include regulatory classifications of pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss. 

Loan classifications are defined as follows: 

Pass   These loans are well protected by the
current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor (or guarantors, if any) or by the fair value, less cost to acquire and sell,
of any underlying collateral in a timely manner. 

Special Mention   These loans have potential
weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration
of repayment prospects. 

Substandard   These loans are inadequately protected
by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged, if any. Assets so classified must have
a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility
that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful   These loans have all the weaknesses
inherent in a loan classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make the full recovery of our principal
balance highly questionable and improbable on the basis of currently known facts, conditions, and values. The likelihood of a
loss on an asset or portion of an asset classified as doubtful is high. Its classification as Loss is not appropriate, however,
because pending events are expected to materially affect the amount of loss. 

Loss   These loans are considered uncollectible
and of such little value that a charge-off is warranted. This classification does not necessarily mean that an asset has no recovery
or salvage value; but rather, there is much doubt about whether, how much, or when the recovery will occur. 

One of the primary methods the Company uses as an indicator
of the credit quality of their portfolio is the regulatory classification system. The following table reflects the credit quality
indicators by portfolio segment and class, at the dates indicated: 

Table of Contents           

4. LOANS RECEIVABLE, NET  (CONT D)  

The following table provides
information about loan delinquencies at the dates indicated: 

There were no troubled debt restructured loans at September
30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

Table of Contents           

4. LOANS RECEIVABLE, NET  (CONT D)  

The following is a summary of loans, by loan type, on which
the accrual of income has been discontinued and loans that are contractually past due 90 days or more but have not been classified
as non-accrual at the dates indicated: 

The total amount of interest income on non-accrual loans that
would have been recognized if interest on all such loans had been recorded based upon original contract terms amounted to approximately
$7,400 and $3,300 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The total amount of interest income recognized
on non-accrual loans amounted to approximately $3,700 and $600 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, such
interest income that would have been recognized on non-accrual loans totaled approximately $32,700 and $15,200, respectively. The
total amount of interest income recognized on non-accrual loans amounted to approximately $32,900 and $4,900 during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The following tables present the activity
in the allowance for loan losses by loan type for the periods indicated: 

Table of Contents           

4. LOANS RECEIVABLE, NET  (CONT D)  

Table of Contents           

5. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS    

The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss included
in equity are as follows: 

6. REGULATORY CAPITAL   

The Association is subject to various regulatory capital requirements
administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and
possible additional discretionary, actions by regulators, that if undertaken could have a direct material effect on the Company's
consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action,
the Association must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Association s assets, liabilities,
and certain off-balance-sheet items, as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classification are
also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital
adequacy require the Association to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of common equity Tier 1 capital, total and Tier 1 capital
to risk-weighted assets, and Tier 1 capital to average assets, as defined in the regulations. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Association exceeded all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject (see tables below). 

On January 1, 2015, the final rules implementing the Basel Committee
on Banking Supervision capital guidelines for banking organizations (Basel III) regulatory capital framework and related Dodd-Frank
Act changes became effective for the Association. These rules supersede the federal banking agencies' general risk-based capital
rules (Basel I). Full compliance with all of the final rule's requirements is phased in over a multi-year transition period ending
on January 1, 2019. Basel III revised minimum capital requirements and adjusted prompt corrective action thresholds. Under the
final rules, minimum requirements increased for both the quantity and quality of capital held by the Association. The rules included
a new common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 4.5 percent, raised the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to
risk-weighted assets from 4.0 percent to 6.0 percent, required a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0
percent, and required a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 percent. A new capital conservation buffer, comprised of common equity Tier
1 capital, was also established above the regulatory minimum capital requirements. This conservation buffer will be phased in beginning
January 1, 2016 at 0.625 percent of risk-weighted assets and increase each subsequent year by an additional 0.625 percent until
reaching its final level of 2.5 percent of risk-weighted assets on January 1, 2019. The final rule also revised the definition
and calculation of Tier 1 capital, total capital and risk-weighted assets. 

Table of Contents           

6. REGULATORY CAPITAL (Cont d)   

The following table presents the Association s actual
capital positions and ratios at the dates indicated: 

7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND DISCLOSURES   

A. Fair Value Measurements   

The Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic
820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value
and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. ASC Topic 820 applies only to fair value measurements already required or
permitted by other accounting standards and does not impose requirements for additional fair value measures. ASC Topic 820 was
issued to increase consistency and comparability in reporting fair values. 

The Company uses fair value measurements to record fair value
adjustments to certain assets and to determine fair value disclosures. The Company did not have any liabilities that were measured
at fair value at September 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014. Securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring
basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets or liabilities on a non-recurring
basis, such as foreclosed real estate owned and certain impaired loans. These non-recurring fair value adjustments generally involve
the write-down of individual assets due to impairment losses. 

In accordance with ASC Topic 820, the Company groups its assets
at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used
to determine fair value. These levels are: 

Level 1   Valuation is based upon quoted prices
for identical instruments traded in active markets. 

Level 2   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions
are observable in the market.   

Level 3   Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market.
These unobservable assumptions reflect the Company s own estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include the use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar
techniques. The results cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement of
the asset or liability.   

Table of Contents           

7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND DISCLOSURES  (Cont d)  

A. Fair Value Measurements (Cont d)   

The Company bases its fair values on the price that would be
received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC Topic 820 requires
the Company to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 

Assets that are measured on a recurring basis are limited to
the available-for-sale securities portfolio. The available-for-sale portfolio is carried at estimated fair value with any unrealized
gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as accumulated other comprehensive income or loss in stockholders  equity. Substantially
all of the available-for-sale portfolio consists of investment securities issued by government-sponsored enterprises. The fair
values for substantially all of these securities are obtained from an independent securities broker. Based on the nature of the
securities, the securities broker provides the Company with prices which are categorized as Level 2 since quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets are generally not available for the majority of securities in the portfolio. 

The following table provides the level of valuation assumptions
used to determine the carrying value of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015: 

There were no assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring
basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

B. Fair Value Disclosures   

The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company
in estimating fair values of financial instruments as disclosed herein. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

For cash and due from banks and federal funds sold, the carrying
amount approximates the fair value (Level 1). 

Securities  

The fair value of securities is estimated based on bid quotations
received from securities dealers, if available (Level 1). If a quoted market price was not available, fair value was estimated
using quoted market prices of similar instruments, adjusted for differences between the quoted instruments and the instruments
being valued (Level 2). 

FHLB Stock  

The fair value for FHLB stock is its carrying value, since this
is the amount for which it could be redeemed. There is no active market for this stock, and the Company is required to maintain
a minimum balance based upon the unpaid principal of home mortgage loans (Level 2). 

Table of Contents           

7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND DISCLOSURES  (Cont d)  

B. Fair Value Disclosure s (Cont d)  

Loans Receivable  

Fair values are estimated for portfolios of loans with similar
financial characteristics. Loans are segregated by type such as residential mortgage, commercial, and consumer. Each loan category
is further segmented into fixed and adjustable rate interest terms and by performing and nonperforming categories (Level 3). 

Deposits  

The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as
non-interest-bearing demand deposits, savings, and NOW and money market accounts, is equal to the amount payable on demand (Level
1). The fair value of certificates of deposit is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is
estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits with similar remaining maturities (Level 2). 

Short-Term Borrowings  

The carrying amounts of federal funds purchased, and other short-term
borrowings maturing within 90 days approximate their fair values. Fair values of other short-term borrowings are estimated using
discounted cash flow analyses based on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements
(Level 1). 

Long-Term Borrowings  

The fair value of long-term borrowings is estimated using discounted
cash flow analysis based on the current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements (Level 2). 

Off-Balance-Sheet Instruments  

In the ordinary course of business the Company has entered into
off-balance-sheet financial instruments consisting of commitments to extend credit. Such financial instruments are recorded in
the financial statements when they are funded. Their fair value would approximate fees currently charged to enter into similar
agreements. 

The carrying values and estimated fair values of financial instruments
are as follows (in thousands): 

The fair value estimates are made at a discrete point in time
based on relevant market information and information about the financial instruments. Fair value estimates are based on judgments
regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments,
and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and,
therefore, 

Table of Contents           

7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND DISCLOSURES  (Cont d)  

B. Fair Value Disclosure s (Cont d)  

cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions
could significantly affect the estimates. Further, the foregoing estimates may not reflect the actual amount that could be realized
if all or substantially all of the financial instruments were offered for sale. 

In addition, the fair value estimates were based on existing
on-and-off balance sheet financial instruments without attempting to value the anticipated future business and the value of assets
and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. Other significant assets and liabilities that are not considered
financial assets and liabilities include premises and equipment and advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance. In addition,
the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses have a significant effect on fair value estimates
and have not been considered in any of the estimates. 

Finally, reasonable comparability between financial institutions
may not be likely due to the wide range of permitted valuation techniques and numerous estimates which must be made given the absence
of active secondary markets for many of the financial instruments. The lack of uniform valuation methodologies introduces a greater
degree of subjectivity to these estimated fair values. 

Table of Contents           

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

General  

Management s discussion and analysis
of the financial condition and results of operations at and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is
intended to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. The information contained
in this section should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto, appearing on Part
I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This quarterly report contains forward-looking
statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as  estimate,   project,   believe, 
 intend,   anticipate,   plan,   seek,   expect  and words of similar
meaning. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

statements of our goals, intentions and expectations;   

statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies;   

statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and   

estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits.   

These forward-looking statements are based
on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive
uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject
to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. 

The following factors, among others, could
cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 

general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected;   

competition among depository and other financial institutions;   

inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of financial instruments;   

adverse changes in the securities markets;   

changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees
and capital requirements;   

our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities;   

our ability to successfully integrate  de novo  or acquired branches, if any;   

our ability to execute on our business strategy to increase commercial real estate and multi-family lending and commercial
lending, including implementing an SBA lending program;   

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits;   

changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board;   

changes in our organization, compensation and benefit plans; and   

changes in the financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own.   

Table of Contents           

Because of these and a wide variety of other
uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

There are no material changes to the critical
accounting policies disclosed in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Comparison of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015  

Total assets decreased $182,000,
or 0.2%, to $91.4 million at September 30, 2016 from $91.6 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease was due primarily to a
decrease of investment securities partly offset by an increase in loans. Securities held to maturity and available for sale
decreased $440,000 and $850,000, respectively. These decreases were partly offset by a $920,000 increase in loans. 

Cash and cash equivalents decreased $240,000,
or 7.2%, to $3.1 million at September 30, 2016 from $3.3 million at December 31, 2015. Securities available for sale decreased
$850,000, or 2.8%, to $29.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $30.8 million at December 31, 2015, and securities held to maturity
decreased $440,000, or 9.3%, to $4.3 million at September 30, 2016 from $4.7 million at December 31, 2015. The decreases in cash
and investment securities resulted primarily from the funding of loans. 

Net loans receivable increased $920,000,
or 1.9%, to $48.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $47.1 million at December 31, 2015. The increase in loans receivable was primarily
due to an increase in commercial real estate and student loans partly offset by a decrease in residential loans. 

At September 30, 2016, our investment in
bank-owned life insurance increased $44,000 to $2.2 million from $2.1 million at December 31, 2015. We invest in bank-owned life
insurance to provide us with a funding offset for our benefit plan obligations. Bank-owned life insurance also generally provides
us noninterest income that is non-taxable. Federal regulations generally limit our investment in bank-owned life insurance to 25%
of our Tier 1 capital plus our allowance for loan losses, and we have not made any additional contributions to our bank-owned life
insurance since 2002. 

Other assets, consisting primarily of prepaid
insurance premiums, prepaid assets, accounts receivable and an annuity contract for a former director increased $338,000, or 102.6%,
to $668,000 from $330,000 at December 31, 2015 primarily due to an increase in prepaid insurance premiums and accounts receivable. 

Total deposits decreased $3.3 million,
or 4.2%, to $74.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $78.1 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease resulted primarily from
decreases in certificates of deposit and savings deposits of $4.0 million, or 13.1%, and $1.2 million, or
3.9%, respectively, partly offset by increases in NOW accounts of $1.6 million, or 13.8%. 

We had $3.0 million in short-term Federal
Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) advances outstanding at September 30, 2016 compared to $0 at December 31, 2015. At September
30, 2016, we had the ability to borrow an additional $24.4 million, or 30% of the Association s assets, in
FHLB advances and $2.0 million on a Fed Funds line of credit with Atlantic Central Bankers Bank. 

Total equity increased $255,000,
or 2.2%, to $12.1 million at December 31, 2016 from $11.9 million at December 31, 2015 resulting from a decrease in other
comprehensive loss of $313,000, primarily due to a decrease in unrealized losses and an increase in unrealized gains in the investment
portfolio as well as net income of $28,000 for the first nine months of 2016 and a decrease of $17,000 in the unallocated common
stock held by the Employee Stock Ownership Plan. These increases were partly offset by the purchase of 10,500 shares of our
common stock totaling $122,000 for the restricted stock awards granted in 2015. 

Table of Contents           

Comparison of Results of Operations for the Quarters Ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 

General.   We had net income
of $8,500 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to a net loss of $34,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.
The increase in net income resulted primarily from increases in net interest and non-interest income and a decrease
in the provision for loan losses partly offset by an increase in non-interest expense and decrease in income tax benefit when
comparing the 2016 quarter to the 2015 quarter. 

Net Interest Income.   Net interest
income increased $58,000, or 10.1%, to $634,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $576,000 for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. The increase resulted from a $54,000 or 8.2% increase in interest income and a $4,000 or 4.6% decrease in interest expense. 

The increase in interest income was primarily
due to an increase in the average balances of loans and investments during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
same period in 2015. The average yield on our loans and investment securities increased 17 and 46 basis points, respectively, while
the average yield on our mortgage-backed securities decreased 8 basis points during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the 2015 quarter. Our net interest rate spread increased 13 basis points to 2.83% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from
2.70% for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 and our net interest margin increased 13 basis points to 2.87% for the 2016 quarter
from 2.74% for the 2015 period. Average interest-earning assets increased to $87.8 million for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 from $83.3 million for the prior year quarter. 

Interest and Dividend Income.  
Interest and dividend income increased $54,000 or 8.1% to $718,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $664,000 for the
quarter ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted primarily from an increase in interest income on loans and mortgage-backed
securities of $37,000 and $23,000, respectively, partly offset by a $9,000 decrease in interest income on investment securities. 

Interest income on loans increased $37,000
or 7.4%, to $544,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $506,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The increase
resulted primarily from a $1.6 million increase in average balances and an increase of 17 basis points in the average
yield on loans to 4.35% for the 2016 quarter from 4.18% for the 2015 quarter. 

Interest and dividend income on investment
securities decreased $9,000 to $35,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $44,000 for the quarter ended September 30,
2015. The decrease was due to a $2.6 million decrease in average balances partly offset by an increase of 46 basis points in the
average yield on investment securities to 2.75% during the 2016 quarter from 2.29% during the 2015 quarter. Interest and dividend
income on mortgage-backed securities increased $23,000 to $134,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $111,000 for the
quarter ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to a $6.5 million increase in average balances partly offset by a decrease
of 8 basis points in the yield to 1.70% compared to 1.78% for the same quarter in 2015. 

Interest Expense.   Interest
expense, consisting primarily of the cost of interest-bearing deposits, decreased $4,000 or 4.6%, to $84,000 for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 from $88,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.  The decrease in interest expense was due to a decrease
of 3 basis points in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, primarily deposits, to 0.43% for the quarter ended September 30,
2016, from 0.46% for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to lower interest paid on certificates of deposit reflecting
lower market interest rates.  Average interest-bearing liabilities increased to $78.4 million for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 from $75.6 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The average balances of higher cost interest-bearing certificates
of deposits decreased $3.4 million and were offset with an increase in lower cost NOW and money market balances as well as lower
costing advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank.  Lower rates on certificates of deposit as well as the change in the composition
of our interest-bearing deposits helped reduce the cost of funds from 0.43% for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 to 0.40% for
the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Provision for Loan Losses.   We
establish provisions for loan losses that are charged to operations in order to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level
believed, to the best of management s knowledge, to cover all known and inherent losses in the portfolio both probable and
reasonable to estimate at each reporting date. There was a $3,700 provision for loan losses recorded for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 and $22,000 recorded for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses was $467,000 at September
30, 2016 compared to $455,000 at September 30, 2015. Non-performing loans at September 30, 2016 totaled $584,000 and $287,000 at
September 30, 2015. During the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 there were no loan charge-offs or recoveries. 

Noninterest Income.   Noninterest
income increased $32,000 to $99,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $67,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.
The increase was primarily due to an increase in  

Table of Contents           

the gain
on the sale of loans of $40,000 partly offset by a decrease in the gain on the sales and calls of securities of $5,000.  

Noninterest Expense.   Noninterest
expense increased $21,000 or 3.0% to $724,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $703,000 for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to higher professional fees, advertising and promotion expenses and data processing service
fees partly offset by lower occupancy and equipment expense and other expense. Professional fees increased $20,000 due to higher
accounting and auditing expenses and increased legal expenses. Advertising expense increased $5,000 due to initiatives the Company
undertook in 2016 that did not occur in 2015. Data processing expenses increased $4,000 as a result of higher costs related to
core processing and additional costs to support new products and initiatives. Occupancy and equipment expense decreased $6,000
primarily due to lower building expense and repairs. Other expense decreased $4,000 primarily due to lower expenses related to
the Company s annual meeting. 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit).  
We recorded a $3,000 income tax benefit for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and a $48,000 income tax benefit for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. Income tax expense (benefit) is calculated based on pre-tax income or (loss) adjusted for permanent book
to tax differences, such as non-taxable interest income on municipal securities and income on bank owned life insurance. 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015  

General.   We had net income
of $28,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a net loss of $46,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The increase in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 resulted primarily from increases in net interest and non-interest income and a decrease in the provision for
loan losses partly offset by an increase in non-interest expense and a lower tax benefit. 

Net Interest Income.   Net
interest income increased $121,000, or 6.9%, to $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.7 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted from a $121,000 or 6.0% increase in interest income, while
total interest expense remained relatively unchanged. 

The increase in interest income was primarily
due to an increase in the average balances of loans and mortgage-backed securities during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The average yield on our loans increased 3 basis points to 4.30% for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to 4.27% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The yields on investment securities
and mortgage-backed securities increased 54 and 3 basis points, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the 2015 period. Our net interest rate spread increased 7 basis points to 2.81% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 from 2.74% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and our net interest margin increased 8 basis points to 2.86%
for the 2016 period from 2.78% for the 2015 period. Average interest-earning assets increased to $87.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 from $83.8 million for the prior year period. 

Interest and Dividend Income.  
Interest and dividend income increased $121,000 or 6.0% to $2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.0
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted primarily from an increase in interest income on loans,
investment securities and mortgage-backed securities of $42,000, $14,000 and $60,000, respectively. 

Interest income on loans increased $42,000
or 2.8%, to $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The increase resulted primarily from a $883,000 increase in average loan balances and a 3 basis point increase in the average
yield on loans to 4.30% for the 2016 period from 4.27% for the 2015 period. 

Interest and dividend income on investment
securities increased $14,000 or 10.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $156,000 from $141,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to a 54 basis point increase in yield, partly offset by a $848,000 decrease in average balances.
Interest and dividend income on mortgage-backed securities increased $60,000 or 17.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
to $411,000 from $351,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to a $4.0 million increase in average balances
and an increase in yield of 3 basis points. 

Interest Expense.    Interest
expense, consisting primarily of the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, remained relatively unchanged for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities decreased
2 basis points to 0.45% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 0.47% for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. Average interest-bearing  

Table of Contents           

liabilities increased to $78.4 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 from $75.5 million for the same period in 2015. The average balances of higher cost
interest-bearing  certificates of deposits decreased $2.4 million and
were offset with an increase in lower cost NOW accounts and lower costing advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank.
 Lower rates on certificates of deposit as well as the change in the composition of our interest-bearing deposits helped
reduce the cost of funds from 0.44% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 0.42% for the same period in
2016.  

Provision for Loan Losses.   We
establish provisions for loan losses that are charged to operations in order to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level
believed, to the best of management s knowledge, to cover all known and inherent losses in the portfolio both probable and
reasonable to estimate at each reporting date. There was a $3,700 provision for loan losses recorded for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 and a $59,000 provision for loan losses recorded for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. There
were no charge-offs or recoveries of loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Noninterest Income.   Noninterest
income increased $41,000 or 16.2% to $295,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $254,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to higher gains on the sale of loans and securities recognized during the 2016
period of $40,000 and $126,000, respectively, compared to $0 and $121,000 for the 2015 period. 

Noninterest Expense.   Noninterest
expense increased $84,000 or 4.1%, to $2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.1 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to higher professional fees, data processing fees, compensation
and benefits expense and advertising and promotion expense, partly offset by lower occupancy and equipment expense. Professional
fees increased $41,000 due to higher auditing and accounting expenses and increased consulting and legal fees. Data processing
expenses increased $21,000 as a result of higher costs related to core processing and additional costs to support new products
and initiatives. Compensation and benefits increased $23.000 primarily due to higher costs of benefits. Advertising and promotion
expense increased $9,000 due to initiatives the Company undertook in 2016 that did not occur in 2015. Occupancy and equipment
expense decreased $9,000 primarily due to lower building expense and repairs. 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit).  
We recorded a $7,000 income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and a $66,000 income tax benefit for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. Income tax expense (benefit) is calculated based on pre-tax income or (loss) adjusted for permanent
book to tax differences, such as non-taxable interest income on municipal securities and income on bank owned life insurance. 

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
    Risk    

Not applicable, as the Registrant is a smaller
reporting company. 

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures    

An evaluation was performed
under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2016.
Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer,
concluded that the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

During the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Table of Contents           

Part II   Other Information  

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings    

The Company is subject
to various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these legal
actions is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Bank s or the Company s financial condition or results
of operations. 

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

Not applicable, as the Registrant is a smaller
reporting company. 

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

(a)  There were no sales of unregistered securities during the period covered by this Report.   

(b)  Not applicable.   

(c)  There were no issuer repurchases of securities during the period covered by this Report.   

Item 3.   
       Defaults upon Senior Securities    

None. 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not applicable. 

Item 5.   
       Other Information    

None. 

Item 6.   
       Exhibits    

31.1  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31.2  
      Certification of  Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS    
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE    
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document    

Table of Contents           

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 10, 2016  
       
     /s/ Timothy D. Sullivan  

Timothy D. Sullivan   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ Edward J. Lipkus  

Edward J. Lipkus   

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602675_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Timothy D. Sullivan, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sunnyside Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f))) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
       
     /s/ Timothy D. Sullivan  

Timothy D. Sullivan   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602675_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Edward J. Lipkus, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sunnyside Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f))) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 10, 2016  
       
     /s/ Edward J. Lipkus  

Edward J. Lipkus   

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 t1602675_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

Timothy D. Sullivan, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Sunnyside Bancorp, Inc., (the  Company ) and Edward J. Lipkus, Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer of the Company each certify in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) and that to the best of his knowledge: 

1.    the Report fully complies
with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2.    the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:  November 10, 2016  
       
     /s/ Timothy D. Sullivan  

Timothy D. Sullivan   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ Edward J. Lipkus  

Edward J. Lipkus   

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 snny-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 snny-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 snny-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 snny-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 snny-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 snny-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

