<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_916457_0000916457-16-000105_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11307338</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>202254</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>542330</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4297608</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4644291</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1377928</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>79</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000916457-16-000105.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027190727
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000916457-16-000105
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CALPINE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000916457
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				770212977
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12079
		FILM NUMBER:		161956646

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 TEXAS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7138302000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 TEXAS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000916457-16-000105.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 cpn_10qx09302016.htm
 CALPINE 10-Q FOR QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    
  ____________________ 
  Form 10-Q 
  (Mark One) 

For the transition period from                 to 
  Commission File No. 001-12079 
  ______________________ 
  
  Calpine Corporation 
  (A Delaware Corporation) 
  I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 77-0212977 
  717 Texas Avenue, Suite 1000, Houston, Texas 77002 
  Telephone: (713) 830-2000 
  Not Applicable 
  (Former Address) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes [X]    No [    ] 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes [X]    No [    ] 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                       Large accelerated filer 
    [X] 
      
    Accelerated filer             
    [    ] 
      Non-accelerated filer 
    [   ] 
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company  
    [    ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes [    ]    No [X] 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 359,087,745 shares of common stock, par value $0.001, were outstanding as of October 26, 2016. 

CALPINE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  For the Quarter Ended   September 30, 2016 
  INDEX 

Page 

Definitions  
     ii 

Forward-Looking Statements  
     vii 

Where You Can Find Other Information  
     viii 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  
    1 
       Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    1 
       Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    2 
       Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 
       Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 
       Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements  
    6 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    28 
       Forward-Looking Information  
    28 
       Introduction and Overview  
    28 
       Results of Operations  
    33 
       Commodity Margin and Adjusted EBITDA  
    37 
       Liquidity and Capital Resources  
    44 
       Risk Management and Commodity Accounting  
    50 
       Application of Critical Accounting Policies  
    55 
       New Accounting Standards and Disclosure Requirements  
    55 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    56 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    56 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    57 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    57 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    57 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    57 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    57 
       Item 5. Other Information  
    57 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    58 
       Signatures  
    59 

i 

DEFINITIONS 
  As used in this report for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   (this  Report ), the following abbreviations and terms have the meanings as listed below. Additionally, the terms  Calpine,   we,   us  and  our  refer to Calpine Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. The term  Calpine Corporation  refers only to Calpine Corporation and not to any of its subsidiaries. Unless and as otherwise stated, any references in this Report to any agreement means such agreement and all schedules, exhibits and attachments in each case as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified to the date of filing this Report. 

ii 

ABBREVIATION 
      
    DEFINITION 
      Adjusted EBITDA 
      
    EBITDA as adjusted for the effects of (a) impairment charges, (b) major maintenance expense, (c) operating lease expense, (d) gains or losses on commodity derivative mark-to-market activity, (e) adjustments to reflect only the Adjusted EBITDA from our unconsolidated investments, (f) adjustments to exclude the Adjusted EBITDA related to the noncontrolling interest, (g) stock-based compensation expense, (h) gains or losses on sales, dispositions or retirements of assets, (i) non-cash gains and losses from foreign currency translations, (j) gains or losses on the repurchase, modification or extinguishment of debt, (k) non-cash GAAP-related adjustments to levelize revenues from tolling agreements and (l) other unusual or non-recurring items 

AOCI 
      
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

Average availability 
      
    Represents the total hours during the period that our plants were in-service or available for service as a percentage of the total hours in the period 

Average capacity factor, excluding peakers 
      
    A measure of total actual power generation as a percent of total potential power generation. It is calculated by dividing (a) total MWh generated by our power plants, excluding peakers, by (b) the product of multiplying (i) the average total MW in operation, excluding peakers, during the period by (ii) the total hours in the period 

Btu 
      
    British thermal unit(s), a measure of heat content 

CAISO 
      
    California Independent System Operator 

Calpine Equity Incentive Plans 
      
    Collectively, the Director Plan and the Equity Plan, which provide for grants of equity awards to Calpine non-union employees and non-employee members of Calpine s Board of Directors 

Cap-and-Trade 
      
    A government imposed emissions reduction program that would place a cap on the amount of emissions that can be emitted from certain sources, such as power plants. In its simplest form, the cap amount is set as a reduction from the total emissions during a base year and for each year over a period of years the cap amount would be reduced to achieve the targeted overall reduction by the end of the period. Allowances or credits for emissions in an amount equal to the cap would be issued or auctioned to companies with facilities, permitting them to emit up to a certain amount of emissions during each applicable period. After allowances have been distributed or auctioned, they can be transferred or traded 

CCFC 
      
    Calpine Construction Finance Company, L.P., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Calpine 

CCFC Term Loans 
      
    Collectively, the $900 million first lien senior secured term loan and the $300 million first lien senior secured term loan entered into on May 3, 2013, and the $425 million first lien senior secured term loan entered into on February 26, 2014, between CCFC, as borrower, and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners, LLC, as administrative agent and as collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto 

CDHI 
      
    Calpine Development Holdings, Inc., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Calpine 

CFTC 
      
    Commodities Futures Trading Commission 

Champion Energy 
      
    Champion Energy Marketing, LLC, which owns a retail electric provider that serves residential, governmental, commercial and industrial customers in deregulated electricity markets in Texas, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Delaware, Maine, Connecticut, California and the District of Columbia 

CO   2  
      
    Carbon dioxide 

COD 
      
    Commercial operations date 

Cogeneration 
      
    Using a portion or all of the steam generated in the power generating process to supply a customer with steam for use in the customer s operations 

iii 

ABBREVIATION 
      
    DEFINITION 
      Commodity expense 
      
    The sum of our expenses from fuel and purchased energy expense, fuel transportation expense, transmission expense, environmental compliance expense and realized settlements from our marketing, hedging and optimization activities including natural gas and fuel oil transactions hedging future power sales, but excludes our mark-to-market activity 

Commodity Margin 
      
    Non-GAAP financial measure that includes power and steam revenues, sales of purchased power and physical natural gas, capacity revenue, REC revenue, sales of surplus emission allowances, transmission revenue and expenses, fuel and purchased energy expense, fuel transportation expense, environmental compliance expense, and realized settlements from our marketing, hedging, optimization and trading activities, but excludes our mark-to-market activity and other revenues 

Commodity revenue 
      
    The sum of our revenues from power and steam sales, sales of purchased power and physical natural gas, capacity revenue, REC revenue, sales of surplus emission allowances, transmission revenue and realized settlements from our marketing, hedging, optimization and trading activities, but excludes our mark-to-market activity 

Company 
      
    Calpine Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries 

Corporate Revolving Facility 
      
    The $1.7 billion aggregate amount revolving credit facility credit agreement, dated as of December 10, 2010, as amended on June 27, 2013, July 30, 2014 and February 8, 2016, among Calpine Corporation, the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as successor administrative agent, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as successor collateral agent, the lenders party thereto and the other parties thereto  

CPUC 
      
    California Public Utilities Commission 

Director Plan 
      
    The Amended and Restated Calpine Corporation 2008 Director Incentive Plan 

EBITDA 
      
    Net income (loss) attributable to Calpine before net (income) loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest, interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization 

Equity Plan 
      
    The Amended and Restated Calpine Corporation 2008 Equity Incentive Plan 

ERCOT 
      
    Electric Reliability Council of Texas 

Exchange Act 
      
    U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

FASB 
      
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 

FDIC 
      
    U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 

FERC 
      
    U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 

First Lien Notes 
      
    Collectively, the 2022 First Lien Notes, the 2023 First Lien Notes, the 2024 First Lien Notes and the 2026 First Lien Notes 

First Lien Term Loans 
      
    Collectively, the 2019 First Lien Term Loan, the 2020 First Lien Term Loan, the 2022 First Lien Term Loan and the 2023 First Lien Term Loans 

Geysers Assets 
      
    Our geothermal power plant assets, including our steam extraction and gathering assets, located in northern California consisting of 13 operating power plants 

GHG(s) 
      
    Greenhouse gas(es), primarily carbon dioxide (CO2), and including methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) and perfluorocarbons (PFCs) 

Greenfield LP 
      
    Greenfield Energy Centre LP, a 50% partnership interest between certain of our subsidiaries and a third party which operates the Greenfield Energy Centre, a 1,038 MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle power plant in Ontario, Canada 

Heat Rate(s) 
      
    A measure of the amount of fuel required to produce a unit of power 

iv 

ABBREVIATION 
      
    DEFINITION 
      IPP(s) 
      
    Independent Power Producers 

IPP Peers 
      
    Dynegy Inc., NRG Energy, Inc. and Talen Energy Corporation 

IRS 
      
    U.S. Internal Revenue Service 

ISO(s) 
      
    Independent System Operator(s) 

ISO-NE 
      
    ISO New England Inc., an independent nonprofit RTO serving states in the New England area, including Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont 

KWh 
      
    Kilowatt hour(s), a measure of power produced, purchased or sold 

LIBOR 
      
    London Inter-Bank Offered Rate 

Market Heat Rate(s) 
      
    The regional power price divided by the corresponding regional natural gas price 

MMBtu 
      
    Million Btu 

MW 
      
    Megawatt(s), a measure of plant capacity 

MWh 
      
    Megawatt hour(s), a measure of power produced, purchased or sold 

NAES 
      
    Noble Americas Energy Solutions, LLC, the largest independent supplier of power to commercial and industrial retail customers in the United States with customers in 18 states including California, Texas, the Mid-Atlantic and the Northeast 

New 2023 First Lien Term Loan 
      
    The $562 million first lien senior secured term loan, dated May 31, 2016, among Calpine Corporation, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as collateral agent 

NOL(s) 
      
    Net operating loss(es) 

NYISO 
      
    New York ISO 

NYMEX 
      
    New York Mercantile Exchange 

OCI 
      
    Other Comprehensive Income 

OTC 
      
    Over-the-Counter 

PJM 
      
    PJM Interconnection is a RTO that coordinates the movement of wholesale electricity in all or parts of Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and the District of Columbia 

PPA(s) 
      
    Any term power purchase agreement or other contract for a physically settled sale (as distinguished from a financially settled future, option or other derivative or hedge transaction) of any power product, including power, capacity and/or ancillary services, in the form of a bilateral agreement or a written or oral confirmation of a transaction between two parties to a master agreement, including sales related to a tolling transaction in which the purchaser provides the fuel required by us to generate such power and we receive a variable payment to convert the fuel into power and steam 

PUCT 
      
    Public Utility Commission of Texas 

REC(s) 
      
    Renewable energy credit(s) 

Risk Management Policy 
      
    Calpine s policy applicable to all employees, contractors, representatives and agents, which defines the risk management framework and corporate governance structure for commodity risk, interest rate risk, currency risk and other risks 

RTO(s) 
      
    Regional Transmission Organization(s) 

v 

ABBREVIATION 
      
    DEFINITION 
      SEC 
      
    U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 

Securities Act 
      
    U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 

Senior Unsecured Notes 
      
    Collectively, the 2023 Senior Unsecured Notes, the 2024 Senior Unsecured Notes and the 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes 

SO   2  
      
    Sulfur dioxide 

Spark Spread(s) 
      
    The difference between the sales price of power per MWh and the cost of natural gas to produce it 

Steam Adjusted Heat Rate 
      
    The adjusted Heat Rate for our natural gas-fired power plants, excluding peakers, calculated by dividing (a) the fuel consumed in Btu reduced by the net equivalent Btu in steam exported to a third party by (b) the KWh generated. Steam Adjusted Heat Rate is a measure of fuel efficiency, so the lower our Steam Adjusted Heat Rate, the lower our cost of generation 

TSR 
      
    Total shareholder return 

U.S. GAAP 
      
    Generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. 

VAR 
      
    Value-at-risk 

VIE(s) 
      
    Variable interest entity(ies) 

Whitby 
      
    Whitby Cogeneration Limited Partnership, a 50% partnership interest between certain of our subsidiaries and a third party, which operates Whitby, a 50 MW natural gas-fired, simple-cycle cogeneration power plant located in Ontario, Canada 

vi 

Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This Report contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this Report, including without limitation, the  Management s Discussion and Analysis  section. We use words such as  believe,   intend,   expect,   anticipate,   plan,   may,   will,   should,   estimate,   potential,   project  and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include, among others, those concerning our expected financial performance and strategic and operational plans, as well as all assumptions, expectations, predictions, intentions or beliefs about future events. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that a number of risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
             
    Financial results that may be volatile and may not reflect historical trends due to, among other things, seasonality of demand, fluctuations in prices for commodities such as natural gas and power, changes in U.S. macroeconomic conditions, fluctuations in liquidity and volatility in the energy commodities markets and our ability and extent to which we hedge risks; 
                
    Laws, regulations and market rules in the markets in which we participate and our ability to effectively respond to changes in laws, regulations or market rules or the interpretation thereof including those related to the environment, derivative transactions and market design in the regions in which we operate; 
                
    Our ability to manage our liquidity needs, access the capital markets when necessary and comply with covenants under our Senior Unsecured Notes, First Lien Notes, First Lien Term Loans, Corporate Revolving Facility, CCFC Term Loans and other existing financing obligations; 
                
    Risks associated with the operation, construction and development of power plants, including unscheduled outages or delays and plant efficiencies;  
                
    Risks related to our geothermal resources, including the adequacy of our steam reserves, unusual or unexpected steam field well and pipeline maintenance requirements, variables associated with the injection of water to the steam reservoir and potential regulations or other requirements related to seismicity concerns that may delay or increase the cost of developing or operating geothermal resources; 
                
    Competition, including from renewable sources of power, interference by states in competitive power markets through subsidies or similar support for new or existing power plants, and other risks associated with marketing and selling power in the evolving energy markets; 
                
    Structural changes in the supply and demand of power, resulting from the development of new fuels or technologies and demand-side management tools (such as distributed generation, power storage and other technologies);  
                
    The expiration or early termination of our PPAs and the related results on revenues; 
                
    Future capacity revenue may not occur at expected levels;  
                
    Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, droughts, wildfires and floods, acts of terrorism or cyber attacks that may affect our power plants or the markets our power plants or retail operations serve and our corporate headquarters; 
                
    Disruptions in or limitations on the transportation of natural gas or fuel oil and the transmission of power; 
                
    Our ability to manage our customer and counterparty exposure and credit risk, including our commodity positions;  
                
    Our ability to attract, motivate and retain key employees; 
                
    Present and possible future claims, litigation and enforcement actions that may arise from noncompliance with market rules promulgated by the SEC, CFTC, FERC and other regulatory bodies; and 
                
    Other risks identified in this Report, in our 2015 Form 10-K and in other reports filed by us with the SEC. 
       
  Given the risks and uncertainties surrounding forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on these statements. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
  
    vii 

Where You Can Find Other Information 
  Our website is www.calpine.com. Information contained on our website is not part of this Report. Information that we furnish or file with the SEC, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to, or exhibits included in, these reports are available for download, free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our SEC filings, including exhibits filed therewith, are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. You may obtain and copy any document we furnish or file with the SEC at the SEC s public reference room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the SEC s public reference facilities by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You may request copies of these documents, upon payment of a duplicating fee, by writing to the SEC at its principal office at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. 
  
    viii 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

CALPINE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
  
   1 

CALPINE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 

2 

CALPINE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
  
   3 

CALPINE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 

4 

CALPINE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (CONTINUED) 
  (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2016 
      
    2015 

(in millions) 
      Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest, net of amounts capitalized 
      
    $ 
    421 

$ 
    465 
      
      Income taxes 
      
    $ 
    10 

$ 
    19 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Change in capital expenditures included in accounts payable 
      
    $ 
    (4 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (17 
    ) 
      Additions to property, plant and equipment through capital lease 
      
    $ 

$ 
    9 

____________ 
           (1) 
    Includes amortization recorded in Commodity revenue and Commodity expense associated with intangible assets and amortization recorded in interest expense associated with debt issuance costs and discounts. 
     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 

5 

CALPINE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  September 30, 2016 
  (Unaudited) 
   
           1. 
     Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
     We are a power generation company engaged in the ownership and operation of primarily natural gas-fired and geothermal power plants in North America. We have a significant presence in major competitive wholesale power markets in California (included in our West segment), Texas (included in our Texas segment) and the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions (included in our East segment) of the U.S. We sell power, steam, capacity, renewable energy credits and ancillary services to our customers, which include utilities, independent electric system operators, industrial and agricultural companies, retail power providers, municipalities and other governmental entities, power marketers as well as retail commercial, industrial, governmental and residential customers. We purchase primarily natural gas and some fuel oil as fuel for our power plants and engage in related natural gas transportation and storage transactions. We also purchase power for sale to our retail customers and purchase electric transmission rights to deliver power to our customers. Additionally, consistent with our Risk Management Policy, we enter into natural gas, power, environmental product, fuel oil and other physical and financial commodity contracts to hedge certain business risks and optimize our portfolio of power plants.  
  Basis of Interim Presentation     The accompanying unaudited, interim Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements of Calpine Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and consolidated subsidiaries have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. In the opinion of management, the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements include the normal, recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the information required to be set forth therein. Certain information and note disclosures, normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, have been condensed or omitted from these statements pursuant to such rules and regulations and, accordingly, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , included in our   2015   Form 10-K. The results for interim periods are not indicative of the results for the entire year primarily due to acquisitions and disposals of assets, seasonal fluctuations in our revenues and expenses, timing of major maintenance expense, variations resulting from the application of the method to calculate the provision for income tax for interim periods, volatility of commodity prices and mark-to-market gains and losses from commodity and interest rate derivative contracts. 
  Use of Estimates in Preparation of Financial Statements     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures included in our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents     We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We have cash and cash equivalents held in non-corporate accounts relating to certain project finance facilities and lease agreements that require us to establish and maintain segregated cash accounts. These accounts have been pledged as security in favor of the lenders under such project finance facilities, and the use of certain cash balances on deposit in such accounts is limited, at least temporarily, to the operations of the respective projects. 
  Restricted Cash     Certain of our debt agreements, lease agreements or other operating agreements require us to establish and maintain segregated cash accounts, the use of which is restricted, making these cash funds unavailable for general use. These amounts are held by depository banks in order to comply with the contractual provisions requiring reserves for payments such as for debt service, rent and major maintenance or with applicable regulatory requirements. Funds that can be used to satisfy obligations due during the next 12 months are classified as current restricted cash, with the remainder classified as non-current restricted cash. Restricted cash is generally invested in accounts earning market rates; therefore, the carrying value approximates fair value. Such cash is excluded from cash and cash equivalents on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets and Statements of Cash Flows. 
  
   6 

The table below represents the components of our restricted cash as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in millions): 

Business Interruption Proceeds     We record business interruption insurance proceeds when they are realizable and recorded approximately   $9 million   and   $17 million   of business interruption proceeds in operating revenues during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. We did not record any business interruption proceeds during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  Property, Plant and Equipment, Net     At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the components of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation as follows (in millions): 

Capitalized Interest     The total amount of interest capitalized was   $5 million   and   $3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and   $14 million   and   $12 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Impairment Evaluation of Long-Lived Assets (Including Intangibles and Investments) 
  We evaluate our long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment, equity method investments and definite-lived intangible assets for impairment, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Equipment assigned to each power plant is not evaluated for impairment separately; instead, we evaluate our operating power plants and related equipment as a whole unit. When we believe an impairment condition may have occurred, we are required to estimate the undiscounted future cash flows associated with a long-lived asset or group of long-lived assets at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities for long-lived assets that are expected to be held and used. We use a fundamental long-term view of the power market which is based on long-term production volumes, price curves and operating costs together with the regulatory and environmental requirements within each individual market to prepare our multi-year forecast. Since we manage and market our power sales as a portfolio rather than at the individual power plant level or customer level within each designated market, pool or segment, we group our power plants based upon the corresponding market for valuation purposes. If we determine that the undiscounted cash flows from an asset or group of assets to be held and used are less than the associated carrying amount, or if we have classified an asset as held for sale, we must estimate fair value to determine the amount of any impairment loss. All construction and development projects are reviewed for impairment whenever there is an indication of potential reduction in fair value. If it is determined that a construction or development project is no longer probable of completion and the capitalized costs will not be recovered through future operations, the carrying value of the project will be written down to its fair value. 
  In order to estimate future cash flows, we consider historical cash flows, existing contracts, capacity prices and PPAs, changes in the market environment and other factors that may affect future cash flows. To the extent applicable, the assumptions we use are consistent with forecasts that we are otherwise required to make (for example, in preparing our earnings forecasts).  
  
   7 

The use of this method involves inherent uncertainty. We use our best estimates in making these evaluations and consider various factors, including forward price curves for power and fuel costs and forecasted operating costs. However, actual future market prices and project costs could vary from the assumptions used in our estimates, and the effect of such variations could be material. 
  When we determine that our assets meet the assets held-for-sale criteria, they are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. We are also required to evaluate our equity method investments to determine whether or not they are impaired when the value is considered an  other than a temporary  decline in value. 
  Generally, fair value will be determined using valuation techniques such as the present value of expected future cash flows. We will also discount the estimated future cash flows associated with the asset using a single interest rate representative of the risk involved with such an investment including contract terms, tenor and credit risk of counterparties. We may also consider prices of similar assets, consult with brokers, or employ other valuation techniques. We use our best estimates in making these evaluations and consider various factors, including forward price curves for power and fuel costs and forecasted operating costs. However, actual future market prices and project costs could vary from the assumptions used in our estimates, and the effect of such variations could be material. 
  We did not record any material impairments during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  New Accounting Standards and Disclosure Requirements 
  Revenue Recognition     In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The comprehensive new revenue recognition standard will supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance. The core principle of the standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard also requires expanded disclosures surrounding revenue recognition. The standard is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period and allows for either full retrospective or modified retrospective adoption with early adoption being prohibited. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of Accounting Standards Update 2014-09 for public entities by one year, such that the standard will become effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The standard permits entities to adopt early, but only as of the original effective date. In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-08  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  which clarifies implementation guidance for principal versus agent considerations in the new revenue recognition standard. In May 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-12  Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  which addresses assessing the collectability of a contract, the presentation of sales taxes and other taxes collected from customers, non-cash consideration and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition. We are currently assessing the potential effect the revenue recognition standard may have on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Consolidation     In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-02,  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  The standard amends the consolidation model used in determining whether a reporting entity should consolidate the financial results of certain of its partially- and wholly-owned subsidiaries. All of our subsidiaries are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. Specifically, the amendments (i) modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are voting interest entities or VIEs, (ii) eliminate the presumption that a general partner should consolidate the financial results of a limited partnership, (iii) affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships and (iv) provide an exception for certain types of entities. This standard became effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within that reporting period. We adopted Accounting Standards Update 2015-02 in the first quarter of 2016 which did not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Debt Issuance Costs     In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  The standard requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, which is consistent with the presentation of debt discounts. In August 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  which allows an entity to present debt issuance costs associated with a line-of-credit arrangement as an asset regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The standards became effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within that reporting period. We retrospectively adopted Accounting Standard Updates 2015-03 and 2015-15 in the first quarter of 2016 which resulted in a   $152 million   reclassification of debt issuance costs from other assets to debt, net of current portion on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet at   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   8 

Cloud Computing Arrangements     In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-05,  Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement.  The standard provides guidance regarding whether a cloud computing arrangement represents a software license or a service contract. The standard became effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods. We adopted Accounting Standards Update 2015-05 in the first quarter of 2016 which did not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Inventory         In July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.  The standard changes the inventory valuation method from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost or net realizable value for inventory valued under the first-in, first-out or average cost methods. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods and requires prospective adoption with early adoption permitted. We do not anticipate a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows as a result of adopting this standard. 
  Leases     In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-02,  Leases.  The comprehensive new lease standard will supersede all existing lease guidance. The standard requires that a lessee should recognize a right-to-use asset and a lease liability for substantially all operating leases based on the present value of the minimum rental payments. Entities may make an accounting policy election to not recognize lease assets and liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less. For lessors, the accounting for leases remains substantially unchanged. The standard also requires expanded disclosures surrounding leases. The standard is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period and requires modified retrospective adoption with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the potential effect this standard may have on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Stock-Based Compensation         In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The standard applies to several aspects of accounting for stock-based compensation including the recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies and their related presentation in the statement of cash flows as well as accounting for forfeitures. The standard also requires that shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock awarded to employees be presented as a financing activity in the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods and allows for prospective, retrospective or modified retrospective adoption, depending on the area covered in the standard, with early adoption permitted. We early adopted Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 in the third quarter of 2016. The cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficit for all excess tax benefits not previously recognized as of the beginning of the year is substantially offset by a corresponding change in the valuation allowance. The implementation of Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 did not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Statement of Cash Flows     In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  The standard addresses several matters of diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows including the presentation of debt extinguishment costs and distributions received from equity method investments. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods and allows for retrospective adoption with early adoption permitted. We do not anticipate a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows as a result of adopting this standard. 
   
           2. 
    Acquisitions and Divestitures 
     Acquisition of NAES 
  On October 9, 2016, we announced that we entered into an agreement, through our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries Calpine Energy Services Holdco II, LLC and Calpine Energy Financial Holdings, LLC, to purchase NAES and a swap contract from Noble Americas Gas   Power Corp. and Noble Group Limited for approximately   $800 million   plus approximately   $100 million   of net working capital estimated at closing. We expect to recover approximately   $200 million   through collateral synergies and the runoff of acquired legacy hedges, substantially within the first year. NAES is a commercial and industrial retail electricity provider with customers in   18   states in the U.S. including California, Texas, the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, where our wholesale power generation fleet is primarily concentrated. The acquisition of this large direct energy sales platform is consistent with our stated goal of getting closer to our end-use customers and expands our retail customer base, complementing our existing retail business while providing us a valuable sales channel for reaching a much greater portion of the load we seek to serve. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016, subject to federal regulatory approval and approval of the shareholders of Noble Group Limited, and will be funded with a combination of cash on hand and debt financing. 
  
   9 

Acquisition of Granite Ridge Energy Center 
  On February 5, 2016, we, through our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary Calpine Granite Holdings, LLC, completed the purchase of Granite Ridge Energy Center, a power plant with a nameplate capacity of   745   MW (summer peaking capacity of   695   MW), from Granite Ridge Holdings, LLC, for approximately   $500 million  , excluding working capital and other adjustments. The addition of this modern, efficient, natural gas-fired, combined-cycle power plant increased capacity in our East segment, specifically the constrained New England market. Beginning operations in 2003, Granite Ridge Energy Center is located in Londonderry, New Hampshire and features two combustion turbines, two heat recovery steam generators and one steam turbine. We funded the acquisition with a combination of cash on hand and our 2023 First Lien Term Loan obtained in the fourth quarter of 2015, and the purchase price was primarily allocated to property, plant and equipment. The pro forma incremental effect of Granite Ridge Energy Center on our results of operations for each of the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is not material. 
  Acquisition of Champion Energy 
  On October 1, 2015, we, through our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary Calpine Energy Services Holdco, LLC, completed the purchase of Champion Energy Marketing, LLC from a subsidiary of Crane Champion Holdco, LLC, which owned a   75%   interest, and EDF Trading North America, LLC, which owned a   25%   interest, for approximately   $240 million  , excluding working capital adjustments. The addition of this well-established retail sales organization is consistent with our stated goal of getting closer to our end-use customers and provides us a valuable sales channel for directly reaching a much greater portion of the load we seek to serve. The purchase price was funded with cash on hand and any excess of the purchase price over the fair values of Champion Energy s assets and liabilities was recorded as goodwill; however, the goodwill we recorded as a result of this acquisition was immaterial. The purchase price allocation was finalized during the third quarter of 2016 which did not result in any material adjustments. 
  Sale of Mankato Power Plant 
  On October 26, 2016, we, through our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries, New Steamboat Holdings, LLC and Mankato Holdings, LLC, completed the sale of our Mankato Power Plant, a   375   MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle power plant and   345   MW expansion project under advanced development located in Minnesota, to Southern Power Company, a subsidiary of Southern Company, for   $396 million  , excluding working capital and other adjustments. This transaction supports our effort to divest non-core assets outside our strategic concentration. We expect to use the proceeds from the sale to fund pending acquisitions and for other corporate purposes. We expect to record a gain on sale of assets, net of approximately   $160 million   during the fourth quarter of 2016, and our federal and state NOLs will almost entirely offset the projected taxable gain from the sale.  
  Sale of South Point Energy Center 
  On April 1, 2016, we entered into an asset sale agreement for the sale of substantially all of the assets comprising our South Point Energy Center to Nevada Power Company d/b/a NV Energy for approximately   $76 million   plus the assumption by the purchaser of existing transmission capacity contracts with a future net present value payment obligation of approximately   $112 million  , approximately   $9 million   in remaining tribal lease costs and approximately   $21 million   in near-term repairs, maintenance and capital improvements to restore the power plant to full capacity. The sale is subject to certain conditions precedent, as well as federal and state regulatory approvals, and is expected to close no later than the first quarter of 2017. The natural gas-fired, combined-cycle plant is located on the Fort Mojave Indian Reservation in Mohave Valley, Arizona, and features a summer peaking capacity of   504   MW. This transaction supports our effort to divest non-core assets outside our strategic concentration. 
  Sale of Osprey Energy Center 
  We executed an asset sale agreement in the fourth quarter of 2014 for the sale of our Osprey Energy Center to Duke Energy Florida, Inc. for approximately   $166 million  , excluding working capital and other adjustments, which will be consummated in January 2017 upon the conclusion of a PPA with a term of   27 months  . The sale has received FERC and state regulatory approvals and represents a strategic disposition of a power plant in a wholesale power market dominated by regulated utilities. 
  
   10 

Assets Held for Sale 
  The assets of South Point Energy Center, which is part of our West segment, and the assets of Osprey Energy Center and Mankato Power Plant, including the expansion project at our Mankato Power Plant, which are part of our East segment, are reported as current assets held for sale on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet at   September 30, 2016  .  
  The table below presents the components of our current assets held for sale at   September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

3. 
    Variable Interest Entities and Unconsolidated Investments 
     We consolidate all of our VIEs where we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary. There were no changes to our determination of whether we are the primary beneficiary of our VIEs for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . See Note 5 in our   2015   Form 10-K for further information regarding our VIEs. 
  VIE Disclosures 
  Our consolidated VIEs include natural gas-fired power plants with an aggregate capacity of   10,266   MW at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. For these VIEs, we may provide other operational and administrative support through various affiliate contractual arrangements among the VIEs, Calpine Corporation and its other wholly-owned subsidiaries whereby we support the VIE through the reimbursement of costs and/or the purchase and sale of energy. Other than amounts contractually required, we provided support to these VIEs in the form of cash and other contributions of   $1 million   during each of the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $2 million   during each of the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Unconsolidated VIEs and Investments in Power Plants 
  We have a   50%   partnership interest in Greenfield LP and in Whitby. Greenfield LP and Whitby are VIEs; however, we do not have the power to direct the most significant activities of these entities and therefore do not consolidate them. Greenfield LP is a limited partnership between certain subsidiaries of ours and of Mitsui   Co., Ltd., which operates the Greenfield Energy Centre, a   1,038   MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle power plant located in Ontario, Canada. We and Mitsui   Co., Ltd. each hold a   50%   interest in Greenfield LP. Whitby is a limited partnership between certain of our subsidiaries and Atlantic Packaging Ltd., which operates the Whitby facility, a   50   MW natural gas-fired, simple-cycle cogeneration power plant located in Ontario, Canada. We and Atlantic Packaging Ltd. each hold a   50%   partnership interest in Whitby.  
  We account for these entities under the equity method of accounting and include our net equity interest in investments in power plants on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our equity method investments included on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets were comprised of the following (in millions):  

Our risk of loss related to our unconsolidated VIEs is limited to our investment balance. Holders of the debt of our unconsolidated investments do not have recourse to Calpine Corporation and its other subsidiaries; therefore, the debt of our unconsolidated investments is not reflected on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , equity method investee debt was approximately   $270 million   and $  269 million  , respectively, and based on our pro rata share of each of the investments, our share of such debt would be approximately   $135 million   and $  135 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  
   11 

Our equity interest in the net income from Greenfield LP and Whitby for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , is recorded in (income) from unconsolidated investments in power plants. The following table sets forth details of our (income) from unconsolidated investments in power plants for the periods indicated (in millions): 

Distributions from Greenfield LP were   $1 million   and   $6 million   during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $10 million   during each of the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . Distributions from Whitby were   nil   and   $13 million   during each of the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
   
   We retrospectively adopted Accounting Standards Update 2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016. As a result, we recast our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet at   December 31, 2015   resulting in a   $152 million   reclassification of debt issuance costs from other assets to debt, net of current portion. Our debt at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , was as follows (in millions): 

Our effective interest rate on our consolidated debt, excluding the effects of capitalized interest and mark-to-market gains (losses) on interest rate hedging instruments, decreased to   5.5%   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   5.7%   for the same period in 2015. The issuance of our New 2023 First Lien Term Loan in May 2016, our 2024 Senior Unsecured Notes in February 2015 and our 2022 First Lien Term Loan in May 2015 allowed us to reduce our overall cost of debt by replacing a portion of our First Lien Term Loans and First Lien Notes with debt carrying lower interest rates. 
  Senior Unsecured Notes 
  The amounts outstanding under our Senior Unsecured Notes are summarized in the table below (in millions): 

12 

First Lien Term Loans 
  The amounts outstanding under our senior secured First Lien Term Loans are summarized in the table below (in millions): 

On May 31, 2016, we entered into a   $562 million   first lien senior secured term loan which bears interest, at our option, at either (i) the Base Rate, equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus   0.50%   per annum, (b) the Prime Rate or (c) the Eurodollar Rate for a one month interest period plus   1.0%   (in each case, as such terms are defined in the New 2023 First Lien Term Loan credit agreement), plus an applicable margin of   2.00%  , or (ii) LIBOR plus   3.00%   per annum (with   no   LIBOR floor) and matures on May 31, 2023. We paid an upfront fee of an amount equal to   1.0%   of the aggregate principal amount of the New 2023 First Lien Term Loan, which is structured as original issue discount and recorded approximately   $11 million   in deferred financing costs during the second quarter of 2016 related to the issuance of our New 2023 First Lien Term Loan. The New 2023 First Lien Term Loan contains substantially similar covenants, qualifications, exceptions and limitations as the First Lien Term Loans and the First Lien Notes. 
  We used the proceeds from the New 2023 First Lien Term Loan and the 2026 First Lien Notes, discussed below, to repay the 2019 and 2020 First Lien Term Loans and recorded   $15 million   in debt extinguishment costs during the second quarter of 2016 associated with the repayment. 
  First Lien Notes 
  The amounts outstanding under our senior secured First Lien Notes are summarized in the table below (in millions): 

On May 31, 2016, we issued   $625 million   in aggregate principal amount of   5.25%   senior secured notes due 2026 in a private placement. Our 2026 First Lien Notes bear interest at   5.25%   payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2016. Our 2026 First Lien Notes mature on June 1, 2026 and contain substantially similar covenants, qualifications, exceptions and limitations as our First Lien Notes. We recorded approximately   $9 million   in deferred financing costs during the second quarter of 2016 related to the issuance of our 2026 First Lien Notes. 
  Corporate Revolving Facility and Other Letter of Credit Facilities 
  The table below represents amounts issued under our letter of credit facilities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in millions): 

____________ 
           (1) 
    The Corporate Revolving Facility represents our primary revolving facility. 
     
   13 

On February 8, 2016, we amended our Corporate Revolving Facility, extending the maturity by   two   years to June 27, 2020, and increasing the capacity by an additional   $178 million   to   $1,678 million   through June 27, 2018, reverting back to   $1,520 million   through the maturity date. Further, we increased the letter of credit sublimit by   $250 million   to   $1.0 billion   and extended the maturity by two years to June 27, 2020. 
  Fair Value of Debt 
  We record our debt instruments based on contractual terms, net of any applicable premium or discount. The following table details the fair values and carrying values of our debt instruments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in millions): 

____________ 
           (1) 
    Excludes a lease that is accounted for as a failed sale-leaseback transaction under U.S. GAAP. 
       
  We measure the fair value of our Senior Unsecured Notes, First Lien Term Loans, First Lien Notes and CCFC Term Loans using market information, including quoted market prices or dealer quotes for the identical liability when traded as an asset (categorized as level 2). We measure the fair value of our project financing, notes payable and other debt instruments using discounted cash flow analyses based on our current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements (categorized as level 3). We do not have any debt instruments with fair value measurements categorized as level 1 within the fair value hierarchy.  
   
           5. 
    Assets and Liabilities with Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
     Cash Equivalents     Highly liquid investments which meet the definition of cash equivalents, primarily investments in money market accounts and other interest-bearing accounts, are included in both our cash and cash equivalents and our restricted cash on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. Certain of our money market accounts invest in U.S. Treasury securities or other obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government, its agencies or instrumentalities. We do not have any cash equivalents invested in institutional prime money market funds which require use of a floating net asset value and are subject to liquidity fees and redemption restrictions. Our cash equivalents are classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Margin Deposits and Margin Deposits Posted with Us by Our Counterparties     Margin deposits and margin deposits posted with us by our counterparties represent cash collateral paid between our counterparties and us to support our commodity contracts. Our margin deposits and margin deposits posted with us by our counterparties are generally cash and cash equivalents and are classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Derivatives     The primary factors affecting the fair value of our derivative instruments at any point in time are the volume of open derivative positions (MMBtu, MWh and $ notional amounts); changing commodity market prices, primarily for power and natural gas; our credit standing and that of our counterparties for energy commodity derivatives; and prevailing interest rates for our interest rate hedging instruments. Prices for power and natural gas and interest rates are volatile, which can result in material changes in the fair value measurements reported in our financial statements in the future. 
  We utilize market data, such as pricing services and broker quotes, and assumptions that we believe market participants would use in pricing our assets or liabilities including assumptions about the risks inherent to the inputs in the valuation technique. These inputs can be either readily observable, market corroborated or generally unobservable. The market data obtained from broker pricing services is evaluated to determine the nature of the quotes obtained and, where accepted as a reliable quote, used to validate our assessment of fair value. We use other qualitative assessments to determine the level of activity in any given market. We primarily apply the market approach and income approach for recurring fair value measurements and utilize what we believe to be the best available information. We utilize valuation techniques that seek to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. We classify fair value balances based on the observability of those inputs. 
  
   14 

The fair value of our derivatives includes consideration of our credit standing, the credit standing of our counterparties and the effect of credit enhancements, if any. We have also recorded credit reserves in the determination of fair value based on our expectation of how market participants would determine fair value. Such valuation adjustments are generally based on market evidence, if available, or our best estimate. 
  Our level 1 fair value derivative instruments primarily consist of power and natural gas swaps, futures and options traded on the NYMEX or Intercontinental Exchange. 
  Our level 2 fair value derivative instruments primarily consist of interest rate hedging instruments and OTC power and natural gas forwards for which market-based pricing inputs in the principal or most advantageous market are representative of executable prices for market participants. These inputs are observable at commonly quoted intervals for substantially the full term of the instruments. In certain instances, our level 2 derivative instruments may utilize models to measure fair value. These models are industry-standard models that incorporate various assumptions, including quoted interest rates, correlation, volatility, as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument, can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. 
  Our level 3 fair value derivative instruments may consist of OTC power and natural gas forwards and options where pricing inputs are unobservable, as well as other complex and structured transactions. Complex or structured transactions are tailored to our customers  needs and can introduce the need for internally-developed model inputs which might not be observable in or corroborated by the market. When such inputs have a significant effect on the measurement of fair value, the instrument is categorized in level 3. Our valuation models may incorporate historical correlation information and extrapolate available broker and other information to future periods. OTC options are valued using industry-standard models, including the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. At each balance sheet date, we perform an analysis of all instruments subject to fair value measurement and include in level 3 all of those whose fair value is based on significant unobservable inputs. 
  For a definition of the different levels in the fair value hierarchy, see Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Application of Critical Accounting Policies   Fair Value Measurements  in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
  Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect our estimate of the fair value of our assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. The following tables present our financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , by level within the fair value hierarchy: 

15 

___________ 
            (2) 
    Includes OTC swaps and options. 
     At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the derivative instruments classified as level 3 primarily included commodity contracts, which are classified as level 3 because the contract terms relate to a delivery location or tenor for which observable market rate information is not available. The fair value of the net derivative position classified as level 3 is predominantly driven by market commodity prices. The following table presents quantitative information for the unobservable inputs used in our most significant level 3 fair value measurements at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

September 30, 2016 

Fair Value, Net Asset 

Significant Unobservable 

(Liability) 
      
    Valuation Technique 
      
    Input 
      
    Range 

(in millions) 

Power Contracts 
      
    $ 
    7 

Discounted cash flow 
      
    Market price (per MWh) 
      
    $9.62   $80.18/MWh 
      Power Congestion Products 
      
    $ 
    12 

Discounted cash flow 
      
    Market price (per MWh) 
      
    $(11.47)   $10.89/MWh 

December 31, 2015 

Fair Value, Net Asset 

Significant Unobservable 

(Liability) 
      
    Valuation Technique 
      
    Input 
      
    Range 

(in millions) 

Power Contracts 
      
    $ 
    (54 
    ) 
      
    Discounted cash flow 
      
    Market price (per MWh) 
      
    $6.72   $83.25/MWh 
      Power Congestion Products 
      
    $ 
    8 

Discounted cash flow 
      
    Market price (per MWh) 
      
    $(11.47)   $12.19/MWh 

16 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in the fair value of our net derivative assets (liabilities) classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy for the periods indicated (in millions): 

___________ 
           (1) 
    For power contracts and other power-related products, included on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations. 
              (2) 
    For natural gas and power contracts, swaps and options, included on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations. 
              (3) 
    We transfer amounts among levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of each period. There were   no   transfers into or out of level 1 for each of the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
        
           6. 
    Derivative Instruments 
     Types of Derivative Instruments and Volumetric Information 
  Commodity Instruments     We are exposed to changes in prices for the purchase and sale of power, natural gas, fuel oil, environmental products and other energy commodities. We use derivatives, which include physical commodity contracts and financial commodity instruments such as OTC and exchange traded swaps, futures, options, forward agreements and instruments that settle on the power price to natural gas price relationships (Heat Rate swaps and options) or instruments that settle on power price relationships between delivery points for the purchase and sale of power and natural gas to attempt to maximize the risk-adjusted returns by economically hedging a portion of the commodity price risk associated with our assets. By entering into these transactions, we are able to economically hedge a portion of our Spark Spread at estimated generation and prevailing price levels. 
  We also engage in limited trading activities related to our commodity derivative portfolio as authorized by our Board of Directors and monitored by our Chief Risk Officer and Risk Management Committee of senior management. These transactions are executed primarily for the purpose of providing improved price and price volatility discovery, greater market access, and profiting from our market knowledge, all of which benefit our asset hedging activities. Our trading gains and losses were not material for each of the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  Interest Rate Hedging Instruments     A portion of our debt is indexed to base rates, primarily LIBOR. We have historically used interest rate hedging instruments to adjust the mix between fixed and variable rate debt to hedge our interest rate risk for potential adverse changes in interest rates. As of   September 30, 2016  , the maximum length of time over which we were hedging using interest rate hedging instruments designated as cash flow hedges was   7   years. 
  
   17 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the net forward notional buy (sell) position of our outstanding commodity derivative instruments that did not qualify or were not designated under the normal purchase normal sale exemption and our interest rate hedging instruments were as follows (in millions): 

___________ 
           (1) 
    We entered into interest rate hedging instruments during the second quarter of 2016 to hedge approximately   $2.5 billion   of variable rate corporate debt for 2017 through 2019 which effectively places a ceiling on LIBOR at rates varying from   1.44%   to   1.8125%   for hedged interest payments. See Note 4 for a further discussion of our First Lien Term Loans. 
     Certain of our derivative instruments contain credit risk-related contingent provisions that require us to maintain collateral balances consistent with our credit ratings. If our credit rating were to be downgraded, it could require us to post additional collateral or could potentially allow our counterparty to request immediate, full settlement on certain derivative instruments in liability positions. Currently, we do not believe that it is probable that any additional collateral posted as a result of a one credit notch downgrade from its current level would be material. The aggregate fair value of our derivative liabilities with credit risk-related contingent provisions as of   September 30, 2016  , was   $4 million   for which we have posted collateral of   $1 million   by posting margin deposits or granting additional first priority liens on the assets currently subject to first priority liens under our First Lien Notes, First Lien Term Loans and Corporate Revolving Facility. However, if our credit rating were downgraded by one notch from its current level, we estimate that additional collateral of   $4 million   would be required and that no counterparty could request immediate, full settlement. 
  Accounting for Derivative Instruments 
  We recognize all derivative instruments that qualify for derivative accounting treatment as either assets or liabilities and measure those instruments at fair value unless they qualify for, and we elect, the normal purchase normal sale exemption. For transactions in which we elect the normal purchase normal sale exemption, gains and losses are not reflected on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations until the period of delivery. Revenues and expenses derived from instruments that qualified for hedge accounting or represent an economic hedge are recorded in the same financial statement line item as the item being hedged. Hedge accounting requires us to formally document, designate and assess the effectiveness of transactions that receive hedge accounting. We present the cash flows from our derivatives in the same category as the item being hedged (or economically hedged) within operating activities on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows unless they contain an other-than-insignificant financing element in which case their cash flows are classified within financing activities. 
  Cash Flow Hedges     We only apply hedge accounting to our interest rate hedging instruments. We report the effective portion of the mark-to-market gain or loss on our interest rate hedging instruments designated and qualifying as a cash flow hedging instrument as a component of OCI and reclassify such gains and losses into earnings in the same period during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses due to ineffectiveness on interest rate hedging instruments are recognized currently in earnings as a component of interest expense. If it is determined that the forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring, then hedge accounting will be discontinued prospectively and future changes in fair value are recorded in earnings. If the hedging instrument is terminated or de-designated prior to the occurrence of the hedged forecasted transaction, the net accumulated gain or loss associated with the changes in fair value of the hedge instrument remains deferred in AOCI until such time as the forecasted transaction affects earnings or until it is determined that the forecasted transaction is probable of not occurring.  
  Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments     We enter into power, natural gas, interest rate, environmental product and fuel oil transactions that primarily act as economic hedges to our asset and interest rate portfolio, but either do not qualify as hedges under the hedge accounting guidelines or qualify under the hedge accounting guidelines and the hedge accounting designation has not been elected. Changes in fair value of commodity derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are recognized currently in earnings and are separately stated on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations in mark-to-market gain/loss as a component of operating revenues (for power and Heat Rate swaps and options) and fuel and purchased energy expense (for natural gas, power, environmental product and fuel oil contracts, swaps and options). Changes in fair value of interest rate derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are recognized currently in earnings as interest expense. 
  
   18 

Derivatives Included on Our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets 
  The following tables present the fair values of our derivative instruments recorded on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets by location and hedge type at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in millions): 

We elected not to offset fair value amounts recognized as derivative instruments on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets that are executed with the same counterparty under master netting arrangements or other contractual netting provisions negotiated with the counterparty. Our netting arrangements include a right to set off or net together purchases and sales of similar products in the margining or settlement process. In some instances, we have also negotiated cross commodity netting rights which allow for the net presentation of activity with a given counterparty regardless of product purchased or sold. We also post cash collateral in support of our derivative instruments which may also be subject to a master netting arrangement with the same counterparty.  
  
   19 

The tables below set forth our net exposure to derivative instruments after offsetting amounts subject to a master netting arrangement with the same counterparty at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in millions): 

____________ 
           (1) 
    Negative balances represent margin deposits posted with us by our counterparties related to our derivative activities that are subject to a master netting arrangement. Positive balances reflect margin deposits and natural gas and power prepayments posted by us with our counterparties related to our derivative activities that are subject to a master netting arrangement. See Note 7 for a further discussion of our collateral. 
     Derivatives Included on Our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations 
  Changes in the fair values of our derivative instruments (both assets and liabilities) are reflected either in cash for option premiums paid or collected, in OCI, net of tax, for the effective portion of derivative instruments which qualify for and we have elected cash flow hedge accounting treatment, or on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations as a component of mark-to-market activity within our earnings. 
  
   20 

The following tables detail the components of our total activity for both the net realized gain (loss) and the net mark-to-market gain (loss) recognized from our derivative instruments in earnings and where these components were recorded on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations for the periods indicated (in millions): 

___________ 
           (1) 
    Does not include the realized value associated with derivative instruments that settle through physical delivery. 
              (2) 
    Includes amortization of acquisition date fair value of derivative activity related to the acquisition of Champion Energy. 
              (3) 
    In addition to changes in market value on derivatives not designated as hedges, changes in mark-to-market gain (loss) also includes de-designation of interest rate swap cash flow hedges and related reclassification of AOCI into earnings, hedge ineffectiveness and adjustments to reflect changes in credit default risk exposure. 

___________ 
           (1) 
    Does not include the realized value associated with derivative instruments that settle through physical delivery. 
              (2) 
    Includes amortization of acquisition date fair value of derivative activity related to the acquisition of Champion Energy. 
              (3) 
    In addition to changes in market value on derivatives not designated as hedges, changes in mark-to-market gain (loss) also includes de-designation of interest rate swap cash flow hedges and related reclassification of AOCI into earnings, hedge ineffectiveness and adjustments to reflect changes in credit default risk exposure. 
     Derivatives Included in OCI and AOCI 
  The following table details the effect of our net derivative instruments that qualified for hedge accounting treatment and are included in OCI and AOCI for the periods indicated (in millions): 

21 

____________ 
           (1) 
    We did not record any material gain (loss) on hedge ineffectiveness related to our interest rate hedging instruments designated as cash flow hedges during the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
              (2) 
    We recorded an income tax expense of   nil   for each of the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , in AOCI related to our cash flow hedging activities. 
               (4) 
    Includes a loss of   $1 million   for each of the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , that was reclassified from AOCI to interest expense, where the hedged transactions are no longer expected to occur. 
     We estimate that pre-tax net losses of   $39 million   would be reclassified from AOCI into interest expense during the next 12 months as the hedged transactions settle; however, the actual amounts that will be reclassified will likely vary based on changes in interest rates. Therefore, we are unable to predict what the actual reclassification from AOCI into earnings (positive or negative) will be for the next 12 months. 
   
           7. 
    Use of Collateral 
     We use margin deposits, prepayments and letters of credit as credit support with and from our counterparties for commodity procurement and risk management activities. In addition, we have granted additional first priority liens on the assets currently subject to first priority liens under various debt agreements as collateral under certain of our power and natural gas agreements and certain of our interest rate hedging instruments in order to reduce the cash collateral and letters of credit that we would otherwise be required to provide to the counterparties under such agreements. The counterparties under such agreements share the benefits of the collateral subject to such first priority liens pro rata with the lenders under our various debt agreements. 
  The table below summarizes the balances outstanding under margin deposits, natural gas and power prepayments, and exposure under letters of credit and first priority liens for commodity procurement and risk management activities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in millions): 

22 

___________ 
           (1) 
    Balances are subject to master netting arrangements and presented on a gross basis on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. We do not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty under a master netting arrangement for financial statement presentation, and we do not offset amounts recognized for the right to reclaim, or the obligation to return, cash collateral with corresponding derivative instrument fair values. See Note 6 for further discussion of our derivative instruments subject to master netting arrangements. 
                (4) 
    Included in other current liabilities on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. 
     Future collateral requirements for cash, first priority liens and letters of credit may increase or decrease based on the extent of our involvement in hedging and optimization contracts, movements in commodity prices, and also based on our credit ratings and general perception of creditworthiness in our market. 
   
           8. 
    Income Taxes 
     Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
    
  The table below shows our consolidated income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations (excluding noncontrolling interest) and our effective tax rates for the periods indicated (in millions): 

Our income tax rates do not bear a customary relationship to statutory income tax rates primarily as a result of the effect of our NOLs, changes in unrecognized tax benefits and valuation allowances. For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our income tax expense (benefit) is largely comprised of discrete tax items and estimated state and foreign income taxes in jurisdictions where we do not have NOLs or valuation allowances. See Note 10 in our 2015 Form 10-K for further information regarding our NOLs.    
  Income Tax Audits     We remain subject to periodic audits and reviews by taxing authorities; however, we do not expect these audits will have a material effect on our tax provision. Any NOLs we claim in future years to reduce taxable income could be subject to IRS examination regardless of when the NOLs occurred. Any adjustment of state or federal returns would likely result in a reduction of deferred tax assets rather than a cash payment of income taxes in tax jurisdictions where we have NOLs. 
  Valuation Allowance     U.S. GAAP requires that we consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, and tax planning strategies to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance is needed to reduce the value of deferred tax assets. Future realization of the tax benefit of an existing deductible temporary difference or carryforward ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the tax law. Due to our history of losses, we were unable to assume future profits; however, we are able to consider available tax planning strategies. 
  Unrecognized Tax Benefits     At   September 30, 2016  , we had unrecognized tax benefits of $  58 million  . If recognized, $  18 million   of our unrecognized tax benefits could affect the annual effective tax rate and $  40 million  , related to deferred tax assets, could be offset against the recorded valuation allowance resulting in no effect on our effective tax rate. We had accrued interest and penalties of $  13 million   for income tax matters at   September 30, 2016  . We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense (benefit) on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations. We believe that it is reasonably possible that a decrease within the range of   nil   and   $19 million   in unrecognized tax benefits could occur within the next twelve months. 
  
   23 

9. 
    Earnings per Share 
     We include restricted stock units for which no future service is required as a condition to the delivery of the underlying common stock in our calculation of weighted average shares outstanding. Reconciliations of the amounts used in the basic and diluted earnings per common share computations for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows (shares in thousands): 

We excluded the following items from diluted earnings per common share for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , because they were anti-dilutive (shares in thousands): 

10. 
    Stock-Based Compensation 
     Equity Classified Share-Based Awards 
  Stock-based compensation expense recognized for our equity classified share-based awards was   $7 million   and $  8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and $  22 million   and $  24 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. We did not record any significant tax benefits related to stock-based compensation expense in any period as we are not benefiting from a significant portion of our deferred tax assets, including deductions related to stock-based compensation expense. In addition, we did not capitalize any stock-based compensation expense as part of the cost of an asset for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . At   September 30, 2016  , there was unrecognized compensation cost of $  31 million   related to restricted stock which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   1.4   years. We issue new shares from our share reserves set aside for the Calpine Equity Incentive Plans when stock options are exercised and for other share-based awards. 
   A summary of our restricted stock and restricted stock unit activity for the Calpine Equity Incentive Plans for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , is as follows: 

The total fair value of our restricted stock and restricted stock units that vested during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was approximately $  16 million   and $  34 million  , respectively. 
  Liability Classified Share-Based Awards 
  During the first quarter of 2016, our Board of Directors approved the award of performance share units to certain senior management employees. These performance share units will be settled in cash with payouts based on the relative performance of Calpine s TSR over the three-year performance period of January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018 compared with the TSR performance of the S P 500 companies over the same period, as modified by the IPP Sector Modifier which may either increase or decrease the payout based on Calpine s TSR within its IPP Peers. The performance share units vest on the last day of the  
  
   24 

performance period and will be settled in cash; thus, these awards are liability classified and are measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model at each reporting date until settlement. Stock-based compensation expense recognized related to our liability classified share-based awards was $  (1) million   for each of the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and $  1 million   and $  (5) million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  A summary of our performance share unit activity for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , is as follows: 

___________ 
           (1) 
    In accordance with the applicable performance share unit agreements, performance share units granted to employees who meet the retirement eligibility requirements stipulated in the Equity Plan are fully vested upon the later of the date on which the employee becomes eligible to retire or one-year anniversary of the grant date. 
     For a further discussion of the Calpine Equity Incentive Plans, see Note 12 in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
   
           11. 
    Commitments and Contingencies 
     Litigation 
  We are party to various litigation matters, including regulatory and administrative proceedings arising out of the normal course of business. At the present time, we do not expect that the outcome of any of these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  On a quarterly basis, we review our litigation activities and determine if an unfavorable outcome to us is considered  remote,   reasonably possible  or  probable  as defined by U.S. GAAP. Where we determine an unfavorable outcome is probable and is reasonably estimable, we accrue for potential litigation losses. The liability we may ultimately incur with respect to such litigation matters, in the event of a negative outcome, may be in excess of amounts currently accrued, if any; however, we do not expect that the reasonably possible outcome of these litigation matters would, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Where we determine an unfavorable outcome is not probable or reasonably estimable, we do not accrue for any potential litigation loss. The ultimate outcome of these litigation matters cannot presently be determined, nor can the liability that could potentially result from a negative outcome be reasonably estimated. As a result, we give no assurance that such litigation matters would, individually or in the aggregate, not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Environmental Matters 
  We are subject to complex and stringent environmental laws and regulations related to the operation of our power plants. On occasion, we may incur environmental fees, penalties and fines associated with the operation of our power plants. At the present time, we do not have environmental violations or other matters that would have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows or that would significantly change our operations.  
   
           12. 
    Segment Information 
     We assess our business on a regional basis due to the effect on our financial performance of the differing characteristics of these regions, particularly with respect to competition, regulation and other factors affecting supply and demand. At   September 30, 2016  , our reportable segments were West (including geothermal), Texas and East (including Canada). We continue to evaluate the optimal manner in which we assess our performance including our segments and future changes may result in changes to the composition of our geographic segments. Commodity Margin is a key operational measure reviewed by our chief operating decision maker to assess the performance of our segments. The tables below show our financial data for our segments for the periods indicated (in millions).  
  
   25 

26 

_________ 
    
   27 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation  s 
      
  Forward-Looking Information 
  This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our accompanying Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements and related Notes. See the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of this Report for a description of important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected results. 
   
  Introduction and Overview 
  We are one of the largest power generators in the U.S. measured by power produced. We own and operate primarily natural gas-fired and geothermal power plants in North America and have a significant presence in major competitive wholesale power markets in California (included in our West segment), Texas (included in our Texas segment) and the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions (included in our East segment) of the U.S. We sell power, steam, capacity, renewable energy credits and ancillary services to our customers, which include utilities, independent electric system operators, industrial and agricultural companies, retail power providers, municipalities and other governmental entities, power marketers as well as retail commercial, industrial, governmental and residential customers. We have invested in clean power generation to become a recognized leader in developing, constructing, owning and operating an environmentally responsible portfolio of flexible and reliable power plants. 
  In order to manage our various physical assets and contractual obligations, we execute commodity and commodity transportation agreements within the guidelines of our Risk Management Policy. We purchase primarily natural gas and some fuel oil as fuel for our power plants and engage in related natural gas transportation and storage transactions. We also purchase power for sale to our retail customers and purchase electric transmission rights to deliver power to our customers. We also enter into natural gas, power, environmental product, fuel oil and other physical and financial commodity contracts to hedge certain business risks and optimize our portfolio of power plants. Seasonality and weather can have a significant effect on our results of operations and are also considered in our hedging and optimization activities. 
  Our capital allocation philosophy seeks to maximize levered cash returns to equity while maintaining a strong balance sheet. We strive to enhance shareholder value through the combination of investing for growth at attractive returns, managing the balance sheet through debt pay down and returning capital to shareholders. We view our stock as an attractive investment opportunity, and we use the projected returns from share repurchases as the benchmark against which all other investment decisions are measured. We are committed to remaining fiscally disciplined and balanced in our capital allocation decisions. 
  Our goal is to be recognized as the premier power generation company in the U.S. as measured by our employees, shareholders, customers and policy-makers as well as the communities in which our facilities are located. We seek to achieve sustainable growth through financially disciplined power plant development, construction, acquisition, operation and ownership, and by pursuing opportunities to improve our fleet performance and reduce operating costs. We continue to make significant progress to deliver financially disciplined growth, to enhance shareholder value through disciplined capital allocation including the return of capital to shareholders and to manage the balance sheet for future growth and success with the following achievements during   2016  : 
             
    We produced approximately 86 million MWh of electricity during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
                
    Our employees achieved a total recordable incident rate of 0.56 recordable injuries per 100 employees during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   which places us in the first quartile performance for power generation companies with 1,000 or more employees. 
                 
    On February 5, 2016, we completed the purchase of Granite Ridge Energy Center, a power plant with a nameplate capacity of   745   MW (summer peaking capacity of 695 MW), for approximately $500 million, excluding working capital and other adjustments. The addition of this modern, efficient, natural gas-fired, combined-cycle power plant increased capacity in our East segment, specifically the constrained New England market. 
                 
    On April 1, 2016, we entered into an asset sale agreement for the sale of substantially all of the assets comprising our South Point Energy Center to Nevada Power Company d/b/a NV Energy for approximately $76 million plus the  
     
   28 

assumption by the purchaser of existing transmission capacity contracts with a future net present value payment obligation of approximately $112 million, approximately $9 million in remaining tribal lease costs and approximately $21 million in near-term repairs, maintenance and capital improvements to restore the power plant to full capacity. The sale is subject to certain conditions precedent, as well as federal and state regulatory approvals, and is expected to close no later than the first quarter of 2017. This transaction supports our effort to divest non-core assets outside our strategic concentration. 
              
    On October 9, 2016, we announced that we entered into an agreement to purchase NAES and a swap contract for approximately $800 million plus approximately $100 million of net working capital estimated at closing. We expect to recover approximately $200 million through collateral synergies and the runoff of acquired legacy hedges, substantially within the first year. NAES is a commercial and industrial retail electricity provider with customers in 18 states in the U.S. including California, Texas, the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, where our wholesale power generation fleet is primarily concentrated. The acquisition of this best-in-class direct energy sales platform is consistent with our stated goal of getting closer to our end-use customers and expands our retail customer base, complementing our existing retail business while providing us a valuable sales channel for reaching a much greater portion of the load we seek to serve.  
                
    On October 26, 2016, we completed the sale of our Mankato Power Plant, a   375   MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle power plant and   345   MW expansion project under advanced development located in Minnesota, to Southern Power Company, a subsidiary of Southern Company, for   $396 million  , excluding working capital and other adjustments. This transaction supports our effort to divest non-core assets outside our strategic concentration. 
                
    We successfully originated new contracts with customers related to our Texas City Power Plant and Morgan, RockGen and Los Medanos Energy Centers and announced an expansion of the service territory for Champion Energy. We also satisfied final regulatory approval requirements for a 20-year PPA, which will facilitate a 345 MW expansion of our Mankato Power Plant, and received final regulatory approval for a ten-year PPA associated with our Geysers Assets. 
     We assess our business on a regional basis due to the effect on our financial performance of the differing characteristics of these regions, particularly with respect to competition, regulation and other factors affecting supply and demand. Our reportable segments are West (including geothermal), Texas and East (including Canada).  
  Our portfolio, including partnership interests, consists of 82 power plants, including one under construction, with an aggregate current generation capacity of 26,907 MW and 828 MW under construction. Our fleet, including projects under construction, consists of 67 natural gas-fired combustion turbine-based plants, one fuel oil-fired steam-based plant, 13 geothermal steam turbine-based plants and one photovoltaic solar plant. Our segments have an aggregate generation capacity of 7,425 MW in the West, 9,427 MW in Texas and 10,055 MW with an additional 828 MW under construction in the East. Inclusive of our power generation portfolio and our retail sales platforms, we operate in 20 states in the U.S. and in Canada. 
   
  Legislative and Regulatory Update 
  We are subject to complex and stringent energy, environmental and other laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels as well as rules within the ISO and RTO markets in which we participate. Federal and state legislative and regulatory actions, including those by ISO/RTOs, continue to change how our business is regulated. We are actively participating in these debates at the federal, regional, state and ISO/RTO levels. Significant updates are discussed below. For a further discussion of the environmental and other governmental regulations that affect us, see    Governmental and Regulatory Matters  in Part I, Item 1 of our   2015   Form 10-K. 
  CAISO 
  The CPUC and CAISO continue to evaluate capacity procurement policies and products for the California power market. With the expectation of significant increases in renewables, both entities are evaluating the need for operational flexibility, including the ability to start and ramp quickly as well as the ability to operate efficiently at low output levels or cycle off. We are an active participant in these discussions and support products and policies that would provide appropriate compensation for the required attributes. As these proceedings are ongoing, we cannot predict the ultimate effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, although we believe our fleet offers many features that can, and do, provide operational flexibility to the power markets. 
  In July 2016, we filed a protest with the FERC in response to a complaint filed against the CAISO on June 17, 2016, by the owner of a natural gas-fired power plant located in Kern County, California. Our protest requests the FERC to reject the relief  
  
   29 

sought in the complaint as a one-off solution to a larger problem and, rather, to convene a technical conference to consider whether the California wholesale power market allows modern, efficient natural gas-fired power plants that are needed for reliability and flexibility to recover their costs, including a return of, and on, capital and to consider necessary changes to the market structure to ensure revenue adequacy. On October 3, 2016, the FERC denied our request for a technical conference but encouraged the CAISO to continue an investigation into possible compensation for generation units that are needed but otherwise uneconomic to operate.  
  ERCOT 
  The PUCT is considering changes regarding its approach to resource adequacy, including price formation and scarcity pricing as operating reserves decline. ERCOT successfully launched the Operating Reserve Demand Curve ( ORDC ) functionality on June 1, 2014. This application produces a price  adder  to the clearing price of energy that increases as reserve capacity declines. The PUCT requested a review of the effectiveness of the ORDC and requested input from ERCOT and market participants, including any recommendations to improve the ORDC. The PUCT continues to consider the appropriate reliability standard that should be used to set ERCOT s planning reserve margin. As these proceedings are ongoing and the timing of these changes is uncertain, we cannot predict the ultimate effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  PJM 
  On April 4, 2016, the Governor of Maryland signed into law the Reauthorization of the Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reduction Act which builds on the 2009 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reduction Act that required a 25% reduction of GHG emissions from 2006 levels by 2020. The legislation requires the Maryland Department of the Environment ( MDE ), in coordination with other Maryland agencies, to develop plans, adopt regulations and implement programs to reduce GHGs. The legislation includes several  off ramps  designed to protect manufacturers and electric generators. Under the bill, the State must demonstrate MDE s compliance plans will have a positive effect on Maryland s economy and will protect existing manufacturing jobs. 
  Over significant opposition, on March 31, 2016, the Ohio Public Utility Commission ( PUCO ) voted unanimously to approve two out-of-market PPAs   one between American Electric Power, Inc. ( AEP ) and its generation affiliate and a second between FirstEnergy Corp. ( FE ) and its generation affiliate. Separately, three complaints regarding the AEP and FE PPAs were filed with the FERC. On April 27, 2016, the FERC ruled on two of these complaints, rescinding certain waivers granted in the past to AEP and FE and finding that the AEP and FE PPAs are subject to FERC review and approval prior to transacting under them. 
  Both FE and AEP sought rehearing of the March 31, 2016 PUCO order. In response to FE s rehearing requests, PUCO ordered further hearings which began on July 11, 2016. In the rehearing proceeding, FE offered a new proposal to recast the PPA in a manner that would obviate the need for FERC review, referred to as the RRS rider. On October 12, 2016, the PUCO issued an order rejecting FE s RRS rider proposal and instead ordered FE s Ohio utilities to implement a Distribution Modernization Rider as proposed by PUCO staff. It is expected that the October 12, 2016 PUCO decision will be appealed to the Ohio Supreme Court. AEP s rehearing request is pending before the PUCO. 
  Beginning several years ago, New Jersey and Maryland each directed their load serving entities to issue requests for proposals ( RFP ) for the construction of new natural gas-fired generation plants in their respective states and to enter into long term capacity contracts with the generators selected in the RFP process. Several generators and load serving entities challenged the New Jersey and Maryland actions in federal court and prevailed in their challenges against the states in federal district court and before the Third and Fourth Circuits of the U.S. Courts of Appeals, respectively. The states and one of the winning generators filed petitions for certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court. On October 19, 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari for the appeal of the Fourth Circuit decision. On April 19, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision affirming the Fourth Circuit s ruling and on April 25, 2016, dismissed the petitions for certiorari of the Third Circuit decision. 
  We believe the current competitive construct of the PJM power market whereby new construction of power generation facilities is determined by forward price signals and not ratepayer guaranteed rate recovery is the most efficient mechanism for incentivizing the construction of new power plants. 
  ISO-NE 
  ISO-NE continues to propose refinements to various aspects of its tariff that may affect overall market opportunities. At present, the ISO is currently updating the Cost of New Entry which is an important parameter in the operation of the Forward Capacity Market Demand Curve. The likelihood and potential effect of any pending proposals on our business is currently unknown. 
  
   30 

Several New England states have issued or are planning to issue requests for proposals for new, large-scale renewable resources, including offshore wind generation and Canadian hydroelectric generation. The effect these efforts may have on our business is currently unknown. 
  NYISO 
  On August 1, 2016, the New York State Public Service Commission  ( PSC ) approved the Clean Energy Standard which requires 50% of the state s generation to be produced by renewable resources by 2030. In addition, the Clean Energy Standard provides for out-of-market financial subsidies for some of the state s existing nuclear generation facilities. Several parties have sought rehearing of the PSC s ruling, and a lawsuit challenging the PSC s ruling on constitution grounds has been filed in a federal district court. We believe these subsidies will adversely affect the power markets in NYISO by artificially suppressing prices. 
  Independent Electricity System Operator ( IESO ) 
  Ontario is implementing a new GHG law with an associated Cap-and-Trade program which will become effective January 1, 2017. The result of this program will require power generators to either acquire related CO   2    allowances on their own behalf or, in most cases, the natural gas pipeline supplying the power generation facility will be required to procure such allowances and bill the power generator in the form of a CO   2    surcharge on its natural gas transportation invoice. Greenfield LP has a long-term Clean Energy Supply Contract with the IESO, successor to the Ontario Power Authority. We believe the contract contemplates and provides for the pass-through of CO   2    cost, although there has been some communications from the IESO which may indicate an alternative view. Greenfield LP is currently negotiating to remedy this matter prior to the January 1, 2017 effective date. As this issue is ongoing, we cannot predict the ultimate effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
  On a related note, Whitby has a PPA with the Ontario Electricity Financial Corporation, successor to Ontario Hydro and is also determining its position related to CO   2    cost.   
  Mercury and Air Toxics Standards ( MATS ) and Cross-State Air Pollution Rule ( CSAPR ) 
  MATS and CSAPR have been heavily litigated since their promulgation. On June 13, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court denied a request to stay MATS which effectively ends the legal challenges to stop MATS from being implemented. CSAPR took effect on January 1, 2015 and there are no remaining substantive judicial challenges which could abrogate CSAPR. On April 25, 2016, the EPA published in the   Federal Register   the final, revised  necessary and appropriate  determination to address the narrow issue for which the U.S. Supreme Court, and subsequently the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ( D.C. Circuit ), had remanded the MATS rule to the EPA for further action. This effectively addresses previous litigation related to MATS, although this action itself is now the subject of further litigation. 
   MATS and CSAPR primarily affect coal-fired power plants; therefore, these rules do not directly affect our power plants. However, we believe that well-founded regulations protecting health and the environment could benefit our competitive position by better recognizing the value of our investments in clean power generation technology.  
  Clean Power Plan 
  The Clean Power Plan requires a reduction in GHG emissions from existing power plants of 32% from 2005 levels by 2030. On February 9, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a stay of the Clean Power Plan until the D.C. Circuit issues a ruling on the merits and through final determination in any further appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court from the D.C. Circuit decision. Litigation challenging the Clean Power Plan is currently ongoing with oral arguments having been held on September 27, 2016 in the D.C. Circuit. Overall, we support the Clean Power Plan and believe we are well positioned to comply with its provisions. We expect the Clean Power Plan to be beneficial to Calpine. 
  Regional Haze 
  On July 15, 2016, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit issued a stay of the Regional Haze Federal Implementation Plan the EPA imposed on the state of Texas that would require installation of SO   2    emission controls on 16 units at nine coal-fired power plants in Texas and also denied the EPA s motion to transfer the case to the D.C. Circuit. While this will not directly affect our fleet, it does have the potential to affect the power market in Texas because the affected facilities would either have to further reduce emissions or retire. 
  California: GHG - Cap-and-Trade Regulation 
  AB 32 requires the state to reduce statewide GHG emissions in reference to 1990 levels. To meet this mandate, the California Air Resource Board ( CARB ) has promulgated a number of regulations, including the Cap-and-Trade Regulation and  
  
   31 

Mandatory Reporting Rule, which took effect on January 1, 2012. These regulations have since been amended by the CARB several times. 
  Under the Cap-and-Trade Regulation, the first compliance period for covered entities like us began on January 1, 2013 and ended on December 31, 2014. The second and third compliance periods, wherein the program applies to a broader scope of entities, including transportation fuels and natural gas distribution, run through the end of 2017 and 2020, respectively. Covered entities must surrender compliance instruments, which include both allowances and offset credits, in an amount equivalent to their GHG emissions. 
  On January 1, 2014, the California Cap-and-Trade market was officially linked to the GHG Cap-and-Trade market in Qu bec. The first joint GHG allowance auction occurred on November 25, 2014. Joint auctions of allowances issued by both jurisdictions, which can be used interchangeably, are held quarterly. In April 2015, the Canadian province of Ontario announced that it would develop a Cap-and-Trade program with the aim of joining the linked California-Qu bec market. Ontario s Cap-and-Trade Regulation was finalized in May 2016, and will take effect starting in 2017. Market linkage remains under evaluation and could occur as soon as 2018. The Governor of New York has also proposed linking the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a carbon market operating in nine northeastern states, with the California-Qu bec market. 
  On May 22, 2014, the CARB approved its first update to the Climate Change Scoping Plan pursuant to AB 32. The updated Scoping Plan states that California is on track to meet its 2020 emissions target and makes recommendations for how the state can achieve the goal established by a 2005 executive order of reducing statewide GHG emissions to 80% below 1990 levels by 2050, including recommending the establishment of a mid-term emissions target for 2030. On April 29, 2015, California Governor Jerry Brown issued an executive order that establishes a new interim GHG reduction target of 40% below 1990 levels by 2030 and orders the CARB to update the Climate Change Scoping Plan to express the 2030 target in tons of GHG emissions.  The CARB is presently moving forward with an update reflecting this target. 
  Legislation concerning California s 2030 target, known as Senate Bill 32 ( SB 32 ), passed both houses of the state legislature and was signed into law by Governor Brown on September 8, 2016. SB 32 amends AB 32 by requiring CARB to ensure that statewide GHG emissions are reduced to at least 40% below 1990 levels by 2030. SB 32 was joined to companion legislation, Assembly Bill 197 ( AB 197 ), which Governor Brown also signed into law on September 8, 2016. AB 197 amends AB 32 to specify that CARB must prioritize emission reduction rules and regulations that result in direct emission reductions from sources of GHG emissions. While the author of AB 197 confirmed in an accompanying statement that AB 197 does not preclude the CARB from adopting market-based compliance mechanisms pursuant to AB 32, neither SB 32, nor AB 197, expressly affirms the CARB s authority to extend the Cap-and-Trade Regulation beyond 2020.  
  On September 22, 2016, the CARB considered proposed amendments to the Cap-and-Trade Regulation that would, among other things, extend the program beyond 2020. The proposed extension would support California s achievement of GHG reductions of at least 40% below 1990 levels by 2030 while simultaneously functioning as the centerpiece of California s proposed plan to demonstrate compliance with the federal Clean Power Plan regulation. Due to uncertainty created by litigation currently pending at the California Court of Appeals challenging the existing Cap-and-Trade Regulation as an unlawful tax and potential claims that might be brought challenging the CARB s adoption of the proposed amendments to the Cap-and-Trade Regulation, Governor Brown has stated that he intends to pursue legislation in 2017 affirming the CARB s authority to adopt the Cap-and-Trade Regulation or seek such authorization through the voter initiative process. 
  Overall, we support AB 32 and expect the net effect of the Cap-and-Trade Regulation to be beneficial to Calpine. We also believe we are well positioned to comply with the Cap-and-Trade Regulation. 
  The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) 
  In June 2016, as mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC adopted final rules requiring resource extraction issuers to report, on an annual basis, any payments made by the issuer to the U.S. Federal Government or a foreign government for the purpose of the commercial development of oil, natural gas or minerals. The annual disclosure filing of these payments must be made with the SEC for fiscal years ending after September 30, 2018.Therefore, for calendar year end companies, such as Calpine, the initial information must be provided to the SEC by May 30, 2019. We anticipate that we will be required to file a report disclosing the total amount of payments made to the U.S. Federal Government in conjunction with our geothermal leases from which we extract steam for our Geysers Assets. 

32 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 
  Below are our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 (in millions, except for percentages and operating performance metrics). In the comparative tables below, increases in revenue/income or decreases in expense (favorable variances) are shown without brackets while decreases in revenue/income or increases in expense (unfavorable variances) are shown with brackets.  

__________ 
            (1) 
    Represents generation and capacity from power plants that we both consolidate and operate and excludes Greenfield LP, Whitby, Freeport Energy Center, 21.5% of Hidalgo Energy Center and 25% each of Freestone Energy Center and Russell City Energy Center. 
              (2) 
    Generation, average availability and Steam Adjusted Heat Rate exclude power plants and units that are inactive. 
     
   33 

We evaluate our Commodity revenue and Commodity expense on a collective basis as the price of power and natural gas tend to move together as the price for power is generally determined by the variable operating cost of the next marginal generator to be dispatched to meet demand. The spread between our Commodity revenue and Commodity expense represents a significant portion of our Commodity Margin. Our financial performance is correlated to how we maximize our Commodity Margin through management of our portfolio of power plants, as well as our hedging and optimization activities. See additional segment discussion in  Commodity Margin and Adjusted EBITDA.  
  Commodity revenue, net of Commodity expense, decreased $176 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to: 
                       (in millions) 

$ 
    (129 
    ) 
      
    Lower energy margins due to decreased contribution from hedges, lower realized Spark Spreads in our Texas segment and the expiration of the Pastoria Energy Center PPA. These factors were partially offset by increased contribution from our retail hedging activity and the positive effect of a new PPA associated with our Morgan Energy Center in the East segment 
      (44 
    ) 
      
    Lower regulatory capacity revenue primarily in PJM and the West at our power plants which were fully operational period-over-period 
      19 

A full quarter of energy and capacity revenue associated with our 695 MW Granite Ridge Energy Center, which was acquired on February 5, 2016 
      (22 
    ) 
      
    Contract amortization, lease levelization related to tolling contracts and other   (1)  
      $ 
    (176 
    ) 

__________ 
           (1) 
    Commodity Margin and Adjusted EBITDA exclude amortization expense related to contracts recorded at fair value, non-cash GAAP-related adjustments to levelize revenues from tolling agreements, Commodity revenue and Commodity expense attributable to the noncontrolling interest and other unusual or non-recurring items. See  Commodity Margin and Adjusted EBITDA  for a description of these Non-GAAP financial measures.   
          
  Mark-to-market gain/loss from hedging our future generation, retail activities and fuel needs had a favorable variance of $184 million from a net loss of $75 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 compared to a net gain of $109 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The net gain of $109 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily driven by the maturity of unfavorable power hedges and fluctuations in forward prices during the period. The net loss of $75 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015 is primarily driven by the maturity of favorable power hedges and fluctuations in forward prices during the period. 
    
  Our normal, recurring plant operating expense decreased by $9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, after excluding a $12 million increase attributable to power plant portfolio changes and our acquisition of Champion Energy and an $11 million increase in major maintenance expense resulting from our plant outage schedule net of cost from scrap parts related to outages, primarily due to lower property taxes associated with two power plants in our Texas segment. 
       
  Other (income) expense, net increased by $7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to a $3 million increase resulting from a foreign currency translation loss related to our Canadian subsidiaries and a $2 million increase related to credit fees associated with our retail operations in the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
    
  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded an income tax benefit of $4 million compared to income tax expense of $28 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The favorable period-over-period change primarily resulted from a decrease in state income tax expense due to lower income in the current year in state tax jurisdictions where we do not have NOLs. 
  
   34 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 
  Below are our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 (in millions, except for percentages and operating performance metrics). In the comparative tables below, increases in revenue/income or decreases in expense (favorable variances) are shown without brackets while decreases in revenue/income or increases in expense (unfavorable variances) are shown with brackets.  

__________ 
            (1) 
    Represents generation and capacity from power plants that we both consolidate and operate and excludes Greenfield LP, Whitby, Freeport Energy Center, 21.5% of Hidalgo Energy Center and 25% each of Freestone Energy Center and Russell City Energy Center. 
              (2) 
    Generation, average availability and Steam Adjusted Heat Rate exclude power plants and units that are inactive. 
     
   35 

We evaluate our Commodity revenue and Commodity expense on a collective basis as the price of power and natural gas tend to move together as the price for power is generally determined by the variable operating cost of the next marginal generator to be dispatched to meet demand. The spread between our Commodity revenue and Commodity expense represents a significant portion of our Commodity Margin. Our financial performance is correlated to how we maximize our Commodity Margin through management of our portfolio of power plants, as well as our hedging and optimization activities. See additional segment discussion in  Commodity Margin and Adjusted EBITDA.  
  Commodity revenue, net of Commodity expense, decreased $177 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to: 
                       (in millions) 

$ 
    (160 
    ) 
      
    Lower energy margins due to decreased contribution from hedges, lower realized Spark Spreads in our Texas segment and the expirations of the Pastoria Energy Center PPA and the Greenleaf operating lease. These factors were partially offset by increased contribution from our retail hedging activity and the positive effect of a new PPA associated with our Morgan Energy Center in the East segment 
      (24 
    ) 
      
    Lower regulatory capacity revenue primarily in the West at our power plants which were fully operational period-over-period 
      40 

A natural gas pipeline transportation billing credit received in the West segment 
      35 

The effect of our portfolio management activities, primarily including approximately eight months of energy and capacity revenue associated with our 695 MW Granite Ridge Energy Center, which was acquired on February 5, 2016, and approximately five months associated with our 309 MW Garrison Energy Center, which commenced commercial operations in June 2015 
      (68 
    ) 
      
    Contract amortization, lease levelization related to tolling contracts and other   (1)  
      $ 
    (177 
    ) 

__________ 
           (1) 
    Commodity Margin and Adjusted EBITDA exclude amortization expense related to contracts recorded at fair value, non-cash GAAP-related adjustments to levelize revenues from tolling agreements, Commodity revenue and Commodity expense attributable to the noncontrolling interest and other unusual or non-recurring items. See  Commodity Margin and Adjusted EBITDA  for a description of these Non-GAAP financial measures.   
       
  Our normal, recurring plant operating expense decreased by $21 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, after excluding a $35 million increase attributable to power plant portfolio changes and our acquisition of Champion Energy, a $12 million decrease in major maintenance expense resulting from our plant outage schedule net of cost from scrap parts related to outages and a $7 million increase in stock-based compensation expense and other miscellaneous items, primarily due to lower property taxes associated with two power plants in our Texas segment as well as lower repairs and maintenance expense. 
       
  Depreciation and amortization expense increased by $19 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to a $27 million increase resulting from the acquisitions of Granite Ridge Energy Center and Champion Energy, partially offset by a decrease of $6 million primarily due to the reclassification of property, plant and equipment, net  to current assets held for sale where these assets are no longer depreciated. See Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for a further description of our current assets held for sale. 
    
  Debt extinguishment costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of $15 million from the write-off of deferred financing costs in connection with the repayment of our 2019 and 2020 First Lien Term Loans in May 2016. Debt modification and extinguishment costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, consisted of $19 million in connection with the repurchase of approximately $147 million of our 2023 First Lien Notes, which comprised of $18 million of prepayment penalties and $1 million associated with the write-off of deferred financing costs, and $13 million in costs related to the issuance of our 2022 First Lien Term Loan in May 2015. 
    
  Other (income) expense, net increased by $13 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to a $7 million increase resulting from a foreign currency translation loss related to our Canadian subsidiaries and a $5 million increase related to credit fees associated with our retail operations in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
    
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded an income tax expense of $17 million compared to $32 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The favorable period-over-period change primarily resulted from a decrease in state income tax expense due to lower income in the current year in state tax jurisdictions where we do not have NOLs. 
  
   36 

COMMODITY MARGIN AND ADJUSTED EBITDA 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, as well as the non-GAAP financial measures, Commodity Margin and Adjusted EBITDA, discussed below, which we use as measures of our performance. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes (or includes) amounts that are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
  We use Commodity Margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, to assess our performance by our reportable segments. Commodity Margin includes our power and steam revenues, sales of purchased power and physical natural gas, capacity revenue, REC revenue, sales of surplus emission allowances, transmission revenue and expenses, fuel and purchased energy expense, fuel transportation expense, environmental compliance expense, and realized settlements from our marketing, hedging, optimization and trading activities, but excludes mark-to-market activity and other revenues. We believe that Commodity Margin is a useful tool for assessing the performance of our core operations and is a key operational measure reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. Commodity Margin is not a measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for our results of operations presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Commodity Margin does not intend to represent income from operations, the most comparable U.S. GAAP measure, as an indicator of operating performance and is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for a reconciliation of Commodity Margin to income from operations by segment. 
  Commodity Margin by Segment for the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  The following tables show our Commodity Margin and related operating performance metrics by segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (exclusive of the noncontrolling interest). In the comparative tables below, favorable variances are shown without brackets while unfavorable variances are shown with brackets. The MWh generated by segment below represent generation from power plants that we both consolidate and operate. Generation, average availability and Steam Adjusted Heat Rate exclude power plants and units that are inactive. 

West     Commodity Margin in our West segment decreased by $87 million, or 23%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to lower contribution from hedges, as we realized lower power prices at our Geysers Assets resulting from lower forward natural gas prices. Also contributing to the period-over-period decrease in Commodity Margin was the expiration of a PPA and a resource adequacy contract at our Pastoria Energy Center in December 2015. Generation decreased 18% due to the suspension of operations at our Sutter Energy Center in 2016, the reclassification of our South Point Energy Center to inactive reserve in 2016 pending being sold in early 2017 and lower generation at our contracted Russell City Energy Center in the third quarter of 2016 resulting from a rate case which increased natural gas transportation costs. 

37 

Texas     Commodity Margin in our Texas segment decreased by $66 million, or 25%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to lower realized Spark Spreads resulting from a decrease in hedge value and lower market liquidations, partially offset by positive contribution from our retail hedging activity. 

East     Commodity Margin in our East segment was relatively unchanged for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The positive factors contributing to our period-over-period results primarily consisted of a full quarter of operation at our 695 MW Granite Ridge Energy Center, which was acquired on February 5, 2016, and the positive effect of a new PPA associated with our Morgan Energy Center, which became effective in February 2016. The positive factors were offset by lower contribution from hedges, partially offset by higher contribution from our retail hedging activity, and lower regulatory capacity revenue in PJM. Generation increased 30% primarily due to the acquisition of our 695 MW Granite Ridge Energy Center on February 5, 2016 and an increase in generation at our power plants which were fully operational period-over-period due to stronger market conditions.  
  Commodity Margin by Segment for the Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  The following tables show our Commodity Margin and related operating performance metrics by segment for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (exclusive of the noncontrolling interest). In the comparative tables below, favorable variances are shown without brackets while unfavorable variances are shown with brackets. The MWh generated by segment below represent generation from power plants that we both consolidate and operate. Generation, average availability and Steam Adjusted Heat Rate exclude power plants and units that are inactive. 

West     Commodity Margin in our West segment decreased by $94 million, or 11%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to lower contribution from hedges, as we realized lower power prices at our Geysers Assets resulting from lower forward natural gas prices. Also contributing to the period-over-period decrease in Commodity Margin was the expiration of a PPA and a resource adequacy contract at our Pastoria Energy Center in December 2015 and the expiration of the operating lease related to the Greenleaf power plants in June 2015. The decrease in Commodity Margin was partially offset by the receipt of a natural gas transportation pipeline billing credit during the second quarter of 2016. Generation decreased 23% primarily due to the suspension of operations at our Sutter Energy Center in 2016, the reclassification of our South Point Energy Center to inactive reserve in 2016 pending being sold in early 2017 and an increase in hydroelectric generation in California and the Pacific Northwest during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 
  
   38 

Texas     Commodity Margin in our Texas segment decreased by $72 million, or 12%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to lower realized Spark Spreads resulting from a decrease in hedge value and lower market liquidations, partially offset by positive contribution from our retail hedging activity. 

East     Commodity Margin in our East segment increased by $57 million, or 8%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to approximately eight months of operation at our 695 MW Granite Ridge Energy Center, which was acquired on February 5, 2016, and approximately five months of operation at our 309 MW Garrison Energy Center, which commenced commercial operations in June 2015. Also contributing to the period-over-period increase in Commodity Margin was the positive effect of a new PPA associated with our Morgan Energy Center which became effective in February 2016. The increase in Commodity Margin was partially offset by lower contribution from hedges, partially offset by higher contribution from our retail hedging activity. Generation increased 17% primarily due to the acquisition of our 695 MW Granite Ridge Energy Center on February 5, 2016, our 309 MW Garrison Energy Center, which commenced commercial operations in June 2015, and an increase in generation at our power plants which were fully operational period-over-period due to stronger market conditions primarily in the third quarter of 2016.  
   
  Adjusted EBITDA 
  We define Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, as EBITDA adjusted for certain items described below and presented in the accompanying reconciliation. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and should be viewed as a supplement to, and not a substitute for, our results of operations presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to represent cash flows from operations or net income (loss) as defined by U.S. GAAP as an indicator of operating performance. Furthermore, Adjusted EBITDA is not necessarily comparable to similarly-titled measures reported by other companies. 
  We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors and other users of our financial statements in evaluating our operating performance because it provides them with an additional tool to compare business performance across companies and across periods. We believe that EBITDA is widely used by investors to measure a company s operating performance without regard to items such as interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization, which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets, capital structure and the method by which assets were acquired. 
  Additionally, we believe that investors commonly adjust EBITDA information to eliminate the effect of restructuring and other expenses, which vary widely from company to company and impair comparability. As we define it, Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA adjusted for the effects of impairment losses, gains or losses on sales, dispositions or retirements of assets, any mark-to-market gains or losses from accounting for derivatives, adjustments to exclude the Adjusted EBITDA related to the noncontrolling interest, stock-based compensation expense, operating lease expense, non-cash gains and losses from foreign currency translations, major maintenance expense, gains or losses on the repurchase, modification or extinguishment of debt, non- 
  
   39 

cash GAAP-related adjustments to levelize revenues from tolling agreements and any unusual or non-recurring items plus adjustments to reflect the Adjusted EBITDA from our unconsolidated investments. We adjust for these items in our Adjusted EBITDA as our management believes that these items would distort their ability to efficiently view and assess our core operating trends. 
  In summary, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of operating performance to assist in comparing performance from period to period on a consistent basis and to readily view operating trends, as a measure for planning and forecasting overall expectations and for evaluating actual results against such expectations, and in communications with our Board of Directors, shareholders, creditors, analysts and investors concerning our financial performance. 
  The tables below provide a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to our income from operations on a segment basis and to net income attributable to Calpine on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated (in millions).  

40 

41 

42 

____________ 
           (1) 
    Excludes depreciation and amortization expense attributable to the noncontrolling interest. 
              (2) 
    Adjustments to reflect Adjusted EBITDA from unconsolidated investments include (gain) loss on mark-to-market activity of nil for each of the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
     
   43 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  We maintain a strong focus on liquidity. We manage our liquidity to help provide access to sufficient funding to meet our business needs and financial obligations throughout business cycles. 
  Our business is capital intensive. Our ability to successfully implement our strategy is dependent on the continued availability of capital on attractive terms. In addition, our ability to successfully operate our business is dependent on maintaining sufficient liquidity. We believe that we have adequate resources from a combination of cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash expected to be generated from future operations to continue to meet our obligations as they become due. 
  Liquidity 
  The following table provides a summary of our liquidity position at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in millions): 

____________ 
           (1) 
    Includes $30 million and $35 million of margin deposits posted with us by our counterparties at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for further information related to our collateral. 
              (2) 
    On February 8, 2016, we amended our Corporate Revolving Facility, extending the maturity by two years to June 27, 2020, and increasing the capacity by an additional $178 million to $1,678 million through June 27, 2018, reverting back to $1,520 million through the maturity date. Further, we increased the letter of credit sublimit by $250 million to $1.0 billion and extended the maturity by two years to June 27, 2020. Our ability to use availability under our Corporate Revolving Facility is unrestricted. 
              (3) 
    Our ability to use corporate cash and cash equivalents is unrestricted. See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for a description of the restrictions on our use of non-corporate cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Our $300 million CDHI letter of credit facility is restricted to support certain obligations under PPAs, power transmission and natural gas transportation agreements. 
     Our principal source for future liquidity is cash flows generated from our operations. We believe that cash on hand and expected future cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for our operations, both in the near and longer term. See  Cash Flow Activities  below for a further discussion of our change in cash and cash equivalents. 
  Our principal uses of liquidity and capital resources, outside of those required for our operations, include, but are not limited to, collateral requirements to support our commercial hedging and optimization activities, debt service obligations including principal and interest payments, and capital expenditures for construction, project development and other growth initiatives. In addition, we may use capital resources to opportunistically repurchase our shares of common stock. The ultimate decision to allocate capital to share repurchases will be based upon the expected returns compared to alternative uses of capital.  
  Cash Management     We manage our cash in accordance with our cash management system subject to the requirements of our Corporate Revolving Facility and requirements under certain of our project debt and lease agreements or by regulatory agencies. Our cash and cash equivalents, as well as our restricted cash balances, are invested in money market funds that are not FDIC insured. We place our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in what we believe to be creditworthy financial institutions. 
  We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. Future cash dividends, if any, may be authorized at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future operations and earnings, capital requirements, general financial condition, contractual and financing restrictions and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
  
   44 

Liquidity Sensitivity 
  Significant changes in commodity prices and Market Heat Rates can affect our liquidity as we use margin deposits, cash prepayments and letters of credit as credit support (collateral) with and from our counterparties for commodity procurement and risk management activities. Utilizing our portfolio of transactions subject to collateral exposure, we estimate that as of   September 30, 2016  , an increase of $1/MMBtu in natural gas prices would result in an increase of collateral required by approximately $220 million. If natural gas prices decreased by $1/MMBtu, we estimate that our collateral requirements would decrease by approximately $212 million. Changes in Market Heat Rates also affect our liquidity. For example, as demand increases, less efficient generation is dispatched, which increases the Market Heat Rate and results in increased collateral requirements. Historical relationships of natural gas and Market Heat Rate movements for our portfolio of assets have been volatile over time and are influenced by the absolute price of natural gas and the regional characteristics of each power market. We estimate that at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of 500 Btu/KWh in the Market Heat Rate would result in an increase in collateral required by approximately $52 million. If Market Heat Rates were to fall at a similar rate, we estimate that our collateral required would decrease by approximately $51 million. These amounts are not necessarily indicative of the actual amounts that could be required, which may be higher or lower than the amounts estimated above, and also exclude any correlation between the changes in natural gas prices and Market Heat Rates that may occur concurrently. These sensitivities will change as new contracts or hedging activities are executed. 
  In order to effectively manage our future Commodity Margin, we have economically hedged a portion of our generation and natural gas portfolio mostly through power and natural gas forward physical and financial transactions; however, we currently remain susceptible to significant price movements for 2016 and beyond. In addition to the price of natural gas, our Commodity Margin is highly dependent on other factors such as: 
             
    the level of Market Heat Rates; 
                
    our continued ability to successfully hedge our Commodity Margin; 
                
    changes in U.S. macroeconomic conditions; 
                
    maintaining acceptable availability levels for our fleet; 
                
    the effect of current and pending environmental regulations in the markets in which we participate; 
                
    improving the efficiency and profitability of our operations; 
                
    increasing future contractual cash flows; and 
                
    our significant counterparties performing under their contracts with us. 
     Additionally, scheduled outages related to the life cycle of our power plant fleet in addition to unscheduled outages may result in maintenance expenditures that are disproportionate in differing periods. In order to manage such liquidity requirements, we maintain additional liquidity availability in the form of our Corporate Revolving Facility (noted in the table above), letters of credit and the ability to issue first priority liens for collateral support. It is difficult to predict future developments and the amount of credit support that we may need to provide should such conditions occur, we experience another economic recession or energy commodity prices increase significantly.  
   
  Letter of Credit Facilities  
  The table below represents amounts issued under our letter of credit facilities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in millions): 

____________ 
           (1) 
    The Corporate Revolving Facility represents our primary revolving facility. 
      
  Capital Management 
  In connection with our goals of enhancing long-term shareholder value, we have completed the following key capital management transaction during   2016  , as further described below. 
  
   45 

Corporate Revolving Facility 
  On February 8, 2016, we amended our Corporate Revolving Facility, extending the maturity by two years to June 27, 2020, and increasing the capacity by an additional $178 million to $1,678 million through June 27, 2018, reverting back to $1,520 million through the maturity date. Further, we increased the letter of credit sublimit by $250 million to $1.0 billion and extended the maturity by two years to June 27, 2020. 
  New 2023 First Lien Term Loan and 2026 First Lien Notes 
  In May 2016, we repaid our 2019 and 2020 First Lien Term Loans with the proceeds from our New 2023 First Lien Term Loan and 2026 First Lien Notes which extended the maturity on approximately $1.2 billion of corporate debt. See Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for a further description of our New 2023 First Lien Term Loan and 2026 First Lien Notes. 
   
  Managing and Growing our Portfolio 
  Our goal is to continue to grow our presence in core markets with an emphasis on acquisitions, expansions or modernizations of existing power plants. We intend to take advantage of favorable opportunities to continue to design, develop, acquire, construct and operate the next generation of highly efficient, operationally flexible and environmentally responsible power plants where such investment meets our rigorous financial hurdles, particularly if power contracts and financing are available and attractive returns are expected. Likewise, we actively seek to divest non-core assets where we can find opportunities to do so accretively. In addition, we believe that modernizations and expansions to our current assets offer proven and financially disciplined opportunities to improve our operations, capacity and efficiencies. Our significant projects under construction, growth initiatives, modernizations and strategic asset sales are discussed below. 
  NAES     On October 9, 2016, we announced that we entered into an agreement to purchase NAES and a swap contract for approximately $800 million plus approximately $100 million of net working capital estimated at closing. We expect to recover approximately $200 million through collateral synergies and the runoff of acquired legacy hedges, substantially within the first year. NAES is a commercial and industrial retail electricity provider with customers in 18 states in the U.S. including California, Texas, the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, where our wholesale power generation fleet is primarily concentrated. The acquisition of this best-in-class direct energy sales platform is consistent with our stated goal of getting closer to our end-use customers and expands our retail customer base, complementing our existing retail business while providing us a valuable sales channel for reaching a much greater portion of the load we seek to serve. 
  Granite Ridge Energy Center     On February 5, 2016, we completed the purchase of Granite Ridge Energy Center, a power plant with a nameplate capacity of   745   MW (summer peaking capacity of 695 MW), for approximately $500 million, excluding working capital and other adjustments. The addition of this modern, efficient, natural gas-fired, combined-cycle power plant increased capacity in our East segment, specifically the constrained New England market. 
  York 2 Energy Center     York 2 Energy Center is an 828 MW dual-fuel, combined-cycle project that will be co-located with our York Energy Center in Peach Bottom Township, Pennsylvania. Once complete, the power plant will feature two combustion turbines, two heat recovery steam generators and one steam turbine. The project is now under construction and the initial 760 MW of capacity cleared PJM s last three base residual auctions with the 68 MW of incremental capacity clearing the last two base residual auctions. Due to construction delays, we are now targeting COD in late 2017. 
  Guadalupe Peaking Energy Center     In April 2015, we executed an agreement with Guadalupe Valley Electric Cooperative ( GVEC ) that will facilitate the construction of a 418 MW natural gas-fired peaking power plant to be co-located with our Guadalupe Energy Center. Under the terms of the agreement, construction of the Guadalupe Peaking Energy Center ( GPEC ) may commence at our discretion, so long as the power plant reaches COD by June 1, 2019. When the power plant begins commercial operation, GVEC will purchase a 50% ownership interest in GPEC. Once built, GPEC will feature two fast-ramping combustion turbines capable of responding to peaks in power demand. This project represents a mutually beneficial response to our customer s desire to have direct access to peaking generation resources, as it leverages the benefits of our existing site and development rights and our construction and operating expertise, as well as our customer s ability to fund its investment at attractive rates, all while affording us the flexibility of timing the plant s construction in response to market pricing signals. 
  PJM and ISO-NE Development Opportunities     We continue to evaluate development projects in the PJM and ISO-NE market areas that feature cost advantages such as existing infrastructure and favorable transmission queue positions. These projects continue to advance entitlements (such as permits, zoning and transmission) for potential future development when/if economic as compared to purchasing existing power plants in the region. 
  
   46 

Mankato Power Plant     On October 26, 2016, we completed the sale of our Mankato Power Plant, a   375   MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle power plant and   345   MW expansion project under advanced development located in Minnesota, to Southern Power Company, a subsidiary of Southern Company, for   $396 million  , excluding working capital and other adjustments. This transaction supports our effort to divest non-core assets outside our strategic concentration. 
  South Point Energy Center         On April 1, 2016, we entered into an asset sale agreement for the sale of substantially all of the assets comprising our South Point Energy Center to Nevada Power Company d/b/a NV Energy for approximately $76 million plus the assumption by the purchaser of existing transmission capacity contracts with a future net present value payment obligation of approximately $112 million, approximately $9 million in remaining tribal lease costs and approximately $21 million in near-term repairs, maintenance and capital improvements to restore the power plant to full capacity. The sale is subject to certain conditions precedent, as well as federal and state regulatory approvals, and is expected to close no later than the first quarter of 2017. The natural gas-fired, combined-cycle plant is located on the Fort Mojave Indian Reservation in Mohave Valley, Arizona, and features a summer peak capacity of   504   MW. This transaction supports our effort to divest non-core assets outside our strategic concentration. 
  Osprey Energy Center         We executed an asset sale agreement in the fourth quarter of 2014 for the sale of our Osprey Energy Center to Duke Energy Florida, Inc. for approximately $166 million, excluding working capital and other adjustments, which will be consummated in January 2017 upon the conclusion of a PPA with a term of 27 months. The sale has received FERC and state regulatory approvals and represents a strategic disposition of a power plant in a wholesale power market dominated by regulated utilities. 
  Clear Lake Power Plant     During the third quarter of 2016, we filed with ERCOT to retire our 400 MW Clear Lake Power Plant. Built in 1985, Clear Lake is an older technology. Due to growing maintenance costs and lack of adequate compensation in Texas, we have chosen to retire the power plant. ERCOT has approved our plan to cease operations. We are working together with the facility s bilateral counterparty to mutually agree on a date to cease commercial operations, which is expected no later than February 2017. The book value associated with our Clear Lake Power Plant is immaterial. 
   
  Customer Relationships 
  We continue to focus on providing products and services that are beneficial to our customers. A summary of certain significant achievements and contracts entered into in   2016   are as follows: 
  West 
             
    Our ten-year PPA with Southern California Edison for 50 MW of capacity and renewable energy from our Geysers Assets commencing in January 2018 was approved by the CPUC in the second quarter of 2016. 
                
    During the third quarter of 2016, Champion Energy expanded its service territory and now offers electricity service to commercial and industrial customers in California. 
                
    We entered into a new five-year PPA with USS-POSCO Industries to provide 50 MW of energy and steam from our Los Medanos Energy Center commencing in January 2017 which also provides for yearly extensions through 2024. 
     Texas 
             
    We entered into a new five-year steam agreement, subject to certain conditions precedent, with a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company to provide steam from our Texas City Power Plant through 2021. 
                
    During the third quarter of 2016, Champion Energy was ranked highest in customer satisfaction among Texas retail electric providers according to the J.D. Power 2016 Electric Provider Retail Customer Satisfaction Study. This is the sixth time Champion Energy has received the top ranking in the past seven years. 
       East 
             
    We entered into a new ten-year PPA with the Tennessee Valley Authority to provide 615 MW of energy and capacity from our Morgan Energy Center commencing in February 2016. 
                
    We satisfied final regulatory approval requirements for our 20-year PPA with Xcel Energy, which will facilitate a 345 MW expansion of our Mankato Power Plant. 
                
    We entered into a new five-year PPA with a third party to provide 50 MW of capacity from our RockGen Energy Center commencing in June 2017, which increases to 100 MW of capacity commencing in June 2019. 
                
    During the first quarter of 2016, Champion Energy expanded its New England service territory and now offers electricity service to commercial and industrial customers in Maine and Connecticut. 
     
   47 

Wildfire at our Geysers Assets 
   In September 2015, a wildfire spread to our Geysers Assets in Lake and Sonoma counties, California. The wildfire affected several of our geothermal power plants in the region, which sustained damage to ancillary structures such as cooling towers and communication/electric deliverability infrastructure. Repairs have been completed and our Geysers Assets are currently generating renewable power for our customers at pre-fire levels. We believe the repair and replacement costs, as well as our net revenue losses relating to the wildfire, will be limited to our insurance deductibles of approximately $36 million, all of which was recognized in 2015. Any losses incurred in 2016 related to the wildfire will be primarily offset by insurance proceeds, when such proceeds are realizable. We record insurance proceeds in the same financial statement line as the related loss is incurred and recorded approximately   $9 million   and   $17 million   in business interruption proceeds in operating revenues during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. We do not anticipate the wildfire or timing of insurance proceeds recovery to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
   
  NOLs 
  We have significant NOLs that will provide future tax deductions when we generate sufficient taxable income during the applicable carryover periods. At   December 31, 2015  , our consolidated federal NOLs totaled approximately $6.9 billion.  
   
  Cash Flow Activities 
  The following table summarizes our cash flow activities for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in millions): 

Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 
    Cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $667 million compared to $559 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to: 
             
    Income from operations     Income from operations, adjusted for non-cash items, decreased by $125 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. Non-cash items consist primarily of depreciation and amortization, income from unconsolidated investments in power plants and mark-to-market activity.  The decrease in income from operations was primarily driven by a $112 million decrease in Commodity revenue, net of Commodity expense, excluding non-cash amortization, a $9 million increase in plant operating expense and a $6 million increase in sales, general and other administration expenses. See  Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  above for further discussion of these changes. 
                
    Working capital employed         Working capital employed decreased by $167 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, after adjusting for changes in debt, restricted cash and mark-to-market related balances which did not affect cash provided by operating activities. The decrease was primarily due to changes in our net margin posting requirements, derivative option premium activity and inventory offset by an increase in accounts receivable, net of accounts payable primarily driven by timing differences in commodity market prices as well as the effect of the acquisition of Champion Energy during the fourth quarter of 2015.   
                
    Interest paid         Cash paid for interest decreased by $44 million to $421 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $465 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to our refinancing activities and timing of interest payments. 
                
    Debt modification   extinguishment payments         During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we made cash payments of $18 million related to repurchase penalties for a portion of the 2023 First Lien Notes and cash payments  
     
   48 

of $13 million related to the debt modification costs associated with the issuance of the 2022 First Lien Term Loan.  There was no similar activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 
  Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $841 million compared to $450 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to: 
             
    Purchase of Granite Ridge Energy Center     During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we purchased a natural gas-fired, combined-cycle power plant located in Londonderry, New Hampshire for $526 million. There were no acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
                
    Capital expenditures     Capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, were $337 million, a decrease of $74 million, compared to expenditures of $411 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to lower expenditures on construction projects and outages. 
                
    Restricted Cash         Restricted cash decreased $2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to an increase of $31 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily attributed to the timing of funding the restricted accounts, maintenance and construction payments and debt payments. 
     Net Cash Used In Financing Activities  
  Cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $171 million compared to $167 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to: 
              
    Stock repurchases     During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased an immaterial amount of common stock as compared to $510 million paid to repurchase our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
                
    Financing costs     During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred finance costs of $27 million due to the issuances of the New 2023 First Lien Term Loan and 2026 First Lien Notes and amending the Corporate Revolving Facility. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred finance costs of $17 million due to the issuances of the 2024 Senior Unsecured Notes and the 2022 First Lien Term Loan and the re-pricing of the project debt for Los Esteros Critical Energy Facility, LLC. 
      
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  There have been no material changes to our off balance sheet arrangements from those disclosed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
  
   49 

RISK MANAGEMENT AND COMMODITY ACCOUNTING 
  Our commercial hedging and optimization strategies are designed to maximize our risk-adjusted Commodity Margin by leveraging our knowledge, experience and fundamental views on natural gas and power. We actively manage our risk exposures with a variety of physical and financial instruments with varying time horizons. These instruments include PPAs, tolling arrangements, Heat Rate swaps and options, load sales, steam sales, buying and selling standard physical products, buying and selling exchange traded instruments, buying and selling environmental and capacity products, natural gas transportation and storage arrangements, electric transmission service and other contracts for the sale and purchase of power products. We utilize these instruments to maximize the risk-adjusted returns for our Commodity Margin. Our retail subsidiary, Champion Energy, also provides us with an additional outlet to transact hedging activities related to our wholesale power plant portfolio. 
  We conduct our hedging and optimization activities within a structured risk management framework based on controls, policies and procedures. We monitor these activities through active and ongoing management and oversight, defined roles and responsibilities, and daily risk estimates and reporting. Additionally, we seek to manage the associated risks through diversification, by controlling position sizes, by using portfolio position limits, and by entering into offsetting positions that lock in a margin. We also are exposed to commodity price movements (both profits and losses) in connection with these transactions. These positions are included in and subject to our consolidated risk management portfolio position limits and controls structure. Changes in fair value of commodity positions that do not qualify for or for which we do not elect either hedge accounting or the normal purchase normal sale exemption are recognized currently in earnings and are separately stated on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations in mark-to-market gain/loss as a component of operating revenues (for power and Heat Rate swaps and options) and fuel and purchased energy expense (for natural gas, power, environmental product and fuel oil contracts, swaps and options). Our future hedged status and marketing and optimization activities are subject to change as determined by our commercial operations group, Chief Risk Officer, senior management and Board of Directors. 
  At any point in time, the relative quantity of our products hedged or sold under longer-term contracts is determined by the availability of forward product sales opportunities and our view of the attractiveness of the pricing available for forward sales. We have economically hedged a portion of our expected generation and natural gas portfolio mostly through power and natural gas forward physical and financial transactions; however, we currently remain susceptible to significant price movements for 2016 and beyond. When we elect to enter into these transactions, we are able to economically hedge a portion of our Spark Spread at pre-determined generation and price levels. 
  We have historically used interest rate hedging instruments to adjust the mix between our fixed and variable rate debt. To the extent eligible, our interest rate hedging instruments have been designated as cash flow hedges, and changes in fair value are recorded in OCI to the extent they are effective with gains and losses reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. See Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for further discussion of our derivative instruments. 
  The primary factors affecting our market risk and the fair value of our derivatives at any point in time are the volume of open derivative positions (MMBtu, MWh and $ notional amounts); changing commodity market prices, primarily for power and natural gas; our credit standing and that of our counterparties for energy commodity derivatives; and prevailing interest rates for our interest rate hedging instruments. Since prices for power and natural gas and interest rates are volatile, there may be material changes in the fair value of our derivatives over time, driven both by price volatility and the changes in volume of open derivative transactions. Our derivative assets have decreased to approximately $1.3 billion at   September 30, 2016  , when compared to approximately $2.0 billion at   December 31, 2015  , and our derivative liabilities have decreased to approximately $1.4 billion at   September 30, 2016  , when compared to approximately $2.2 billion at   December 31, 2015  . The fair value of our level 3 derivative assets and liabilities at   September 30, 2016   represent a small portion of our total assets and liabilities measured at fair value (approximately 3% and 2%, respectively). See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for further information related to our level 3 derivative assets and liabilities. 
  
   50 

The change in fair value of our outstanding commodity and interest rate hedging instruments from January 1, 2016, through   September 30, 2016  , is summarized in the table below (in millions): 

__________ 
           (1) 
    Commodity contract settlements consist of the realization of previously recognized gains on contracts not designated as hedging instruments of $73 million (represents a portion of Commodity revenue and Commodity expense as reported on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations) and $67 million related to current period gains from other changes in derivative assets and liabilities not reflected in OCI or earnings. 
              (2) 
    Interest rate settlements consist of $26 million related to realized losses from settlements of designated cash flow hedges and $2 million related to realized losses from settlements of undesignated interest rate hedging instruments (represents a portion of interest expense as reported on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations). 
              (3) 
    Net commodity and interest rate derivative assets and liabilities reported in Notes 5 and 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
     The change since the last balance sheet date in the total value of the derivatives (both assets and liabilities) is reflected either in cash for option premiums paid or collected, in OCI, net of tax for cash flow hedges, or on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations as a component (gain or loss) in earnings. 
  The following tables detail the components of our total activity for both the net realized gain (loss) and the net mark-to-market gain (loss) recognized from our derivative instruments in earnings and where these components were recorded on our Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations for the periods indicated (in millions): 

___________ 
           (1) 
    Does not include the realized value associated with derivative instruments that settle through physical delivery. 
              (2) 
    Includes amortization of acquisition date fair value of derivative activity related to the acquisition of Champion Energy. 
              (3) 
    In addition to changes in market value on derivatives not designated as hedges, changes in mark-to-market gain (loss) also includes de-designation of interest rate swap cash flow hedges and related reclassification of AOCI into earnings, hedge ineffectiveness and adjustments to reflect changes in credit default risk exposure. 
     
   51 

___________ 
           (1) 
    Does not include the realized value associated with derivative instruments that settle through physical delivery. 
              (2) 
    Includes amortization of acquisition date fair value of derivative activity related to the acquisition of Champion Energy. 
              (3) 
    In addition to changes in market value on derivatives not designated as hedges, changes in mark-to-market gain (loss) also includes de-designation of interest rate swap cash flow hedges and related reclassification of AOCI into earnings, hedge ineffectiveness and adjustments to reflect changes in credit default risk exposure. 
     Commodity Price Risk     Commodity price risks result from exposure to changes in spot prices, forward prices, price volatilities and correlations between the price of power, steam and natural gas. We manage the commodity price risk and the variability in future cash flows from forecasted sales of power and purchases of natural gas of our entire portfolio of generating assets and contractual positions by entering into various derivative and non-derivative instruments. 
  The net fair value of outstanding derivative commodity instruments at   September 30, 2016  , based on price source and the period during which the instruments will mature, are summarized in the table below (in millions): 

We measure the energy commodity price risk in our portfolio on a daily basis using a VAR model to estimate the potential one-day risk of loss based upon historical experience resulting from potential market movements. Our VAR is calculated for our entire portfolio comprising energy commodity derivatives, expected generation and natural gas consumption from our power plants, PPAs, and other physical and financial transactions. We measure VAR using a variance/covariance approach based on a confidence level of 95%, a one-day holding period and actual observed historical correlation. While we believe that our VAR assumptions and approximations are reasonable, different assumptions and/or approximations could produce materially different estimates. 
  The table below presents the high, low and average of our daily VAR for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 (in millions): 

52 

Due to the inherent limitations of statistical measures such as VAR, the VAR calculation may not capture the full extent of our commodity price exposure. As a result, actual changes in the value of our energy commodity portfolio could be different from the calculated VAR, and could have a material effect on our financial results. In order to evaluate the risks of our portfolio on a comprehensive basis and augment our VAR analysis, we also measure the risk of the energy commodity portfolio using several analytical methods including sensitivity analysis, non-statistical scenario analysis, including stress testing, and daily position report analysis. 
  We utilize the forward commodity markets to hedge price risk associated with our power plant portfolio. Our ability to hedge relies in part on market liquidity and the number of counterparties with which to transact. While the number of counterparties in these markets has decreased, to date this occurrence has not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. However, should these conditions persist or increase, it could decrease our ability to hedge our forward commodity price risk and create incremental volatility in our earnings. The effects of declining liquidity in the forward commodity markets is also mitigated by our retail subsidiary, Champion Energy, which provides us with an additional outlet to transact hedging activities related to our wholesale power plant portfolio. 
  Liquidity Risk     Liquidity risk arises from the general funding requirements needed to manage our activities and assets and liabilities. Increasing natural gas prices or Market Heat Rates can cause increased collateral requirements. Our liquidity management framework is intended to maximize liquidity access and minimize funding costs during times of rising prices. See further discussion regarding our uses of collateral as they relate to our commodity procurement and risk management activities in Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 
  Credit Risk     Credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from nonperformance or non-payment by our counterparties related to their contractual obligations with us. Risks surrounding counterparty performance and credit could ultimately affect the amount and timing of expected cash flows. We also have credit risk if counterparties are unable to provide collateral or post margin. We monitor and manage our credit risk through credit policies that include: 
             
    credit approvals; 
                
    routine monitoring of counterparties  credit limits and their overall credit ratings; 
                
    limiting our marketing, hedging and optimization activities with high risk counterparties; 
                
    margin, collateral, or prepayment arrangements; and 
                
    payment netting arrangements, or master netting arrangements that allow for the netting of positive and negative exposures of various contracts associated with a single counterparty. 
     We have concentrations of credit risk with a few of our wholesale customers relating to our sales of power and steam and our hedging, optimization and trading activities. We believe that our credit policies and portfolio of transactions adequately monitor and diversify our credit risk, and currently our counterparties are performing and financially settling timely according to their respective agreements. We monitor and manage our total comprehensive credit risk associated with all of our contracts irrespective of whether they are accounted for as an executory contract, a normal purchase normal sale or whether they are marked-to-market and included in our derivative assets and liabilities on our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. Our counterparty credit quality associated with the net fair value of outstanding derivative commodity instruments is included in our derivative assets and (liabilities) at   September 30, 2016  , and the period during which the instruments will mature are summarized in the table below (in millions): 

53 

Interest Rate Risk     Our variable rate financings are indexed to base rates, generally LIBOR. Interest rate risk represents the potential loss in earnings arising from adverse changes in market interest rates. The fair value of our interest rate hedging instruments are validated based upon external quotes. Our interest rate hedging instruments are with counterparties we believe are primarily high quality institutions, and we do not believe that our interest rate hedging instruments expose us to any significant credit risk. Holding all other factors constant, we estimate that a 10% decrease in interest rates would result in a change in the fair value of our interest rate hedging instruments hedging our variable rate debt of approximately $(5) million at   September 30, 2016  . 

54 

APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions which are inherently imprecise and may differ significantly from actual results achieved. We have updated the following critical accounting policy to provide additional detail on our process of testing for impairments of our power plants. Otherwise, there have been no changes to the critical accounting policies previously disclosed in Part II, Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Application of Critical Accounting Policies  of our 2015 Form 10-K. 
  Impairment Evaluation of Long-Lived Assets (Including Intangibles and Investments) 
  We evaluate our long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment, equity method investments, turbine equipment and specifically identified intangibles, on an annual basis or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Examples of such events or changes in circumstances are: 
             
    a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset; 
                
    a significant adverse change in the manner an asset is being used or its physical condition; 
                
    an adverse action by a regulator or legislature or an adverse change in the business climate; 
                
    an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the construction or acquisition of an asset; 
                
    a current-period loss combined with a history of losses or the projection of future losses; or 
                
    a change in our intent about an asset from an intent to hold to a greater than 50% likelihood that an asset will be sold or disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 
     When we believe an impairment condition on long-lived assets such as property, plant and equipment may have occurred, we are required to estimate the undiscounted future cash flows associated with a long-lived asset or group of long-lived assets at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities for long-lived assets that are expected to be held and used. We use a fundamental long-term view of the power market which is based on long-term production volumes, price curves and operating costs together with the regulatory and environmental requirements within each individual market to prepare our multi-year forecast. Since we manage and market our power sales as a portfolio rather than at the individual power plant level or customer level within each designated market, pool or segment, we group our power plants based upon the corresponding market for valuation purposes. If we determine that the undiscounted cash flows from an asset or group of assets to be held and used are less than the associated carrying amount, or if we have classified an asset as held for sale, we must estimate fair value to determine the amount of any impairment loss.  
  We have temporarily suspended operations at our Sutter Energy Center. While the long-term market forecasted cash flows continue to support the carrying value of the asset, if the forecasted cash flows were to materially deteriorate, this could result in a permanent shut down of the facility and in the recognition of an impairment of our Sutter Energy Center and other plants within the respective market. 
  When we believe an impairment condition may exist on specifically identifiable finite-lived intangibles or an investment, we must estimate their fair value to determine the amount of any impairment loss. Significant judgment is required in determining fair value as discussed in our 2015 Form 10-K in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Application of Critical Accounting Policies   Fair Value Measurements.  
  All construction and development projects are reviewed for impairment whenever there is an indication of potential reduction in fair value. If it is determined that it is no longer probable that the projects will be completed and all capitalized costs recovered through future operations, the carrying values of the projects would be written down to their fair value. When we determine that our assets meet the assets held-for-sale criteria, they are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. We are also required to evaluate our equity method investments to determine whether or not they are impaired when the value is considered an  other than a temporary  decline in value. 
  See Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2015 Form 10-K for further discussion of our impairment evaluation of long-lived assets. 
   
  New Accounting Standards and Disclosure Requirements 
  See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for a discussion of new accounting standards and disclosure requirements. 

55 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     The information required to be disclosed under this Item 3 is set forth under Item 2  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Risk Management and Commodity Accounting.  This information should be read in conjunction with the information disclosed in our 2015 Form 10-K. 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  As of the end of the period covered by this Report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon, and as of the date of, this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the information required to be disclosed in our SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  During the third quarter of 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

56 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
       
  See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for a description of our legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
       
  Various risk factors could have a negative effect on our business, financial position, cash flows and results of operations. These include the following risk factor, in addition to the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  of our 2015 Form 10-K: 
  State legislative and regulatory action could adversely affect our competitive position and business. 
  Certain states have taken or are considering taking anticompetitive actions by subsidizing or otherwise providing economic support to existing, uneconomic power plants in a manner that could have an adverse effect on the deregulated power markets. We are actively participating in many of the legislative, regulatory and judicial processes challenging these actions at the state and federal levels. If these anticompetitive actions are ultimately upheld and implemented, they could adversely affect capacity and energy prices in the deregulated electricity markets which in turn could have a material negative effect on our business prospects and financial results.  
   
           Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     Repurchase of Equity Securities 

___________ 
           (1) 
    To satisfy tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock awarded to employees during the third quarter of 2016, we withheld a total of 6,978 shares that are included in the total number of shares purchased. 
       
           (2) 
    In November 2014, our Board of Directors authorized an increase in the total authorization of our multi-year share repurchase program to $1.0 billion. There is no expiration date on the repurchase authorization and the amount and timing of future share repurchases, if any, will be determined as market and business conditions warrant. 

Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
       
  None. 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
       
  Not applicable. 

Item 5. 
    Other Information 
       
  None. 

57 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
     EXHIBIT INDEX 
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 

31.1 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. * 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema.  

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.  

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.  

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.  

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase.  

_______________ 
           * 
    Furnished herewith. 

58 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                   CALPINE CORPORATION 
      (Registrant) 

By: 
      
    /s/  ZAMIR RAUF 

Zamir Rauf 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: October 27, 2016 

59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cpn_exhibit311x09302016.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, John B. (Thad) Hill III, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Calpine Corporation (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: October 27, 2016 
    
               /s/ JOHN B. (THAD) HILL III 
      John B. (Thad) Hill III 
      President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
      Calpine Corporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cpn_exhibit312x09302016.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Zamir Rauf, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Calpine Corporation (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: October 27, 2016 
    
               /s/ ZAMIR RAUF 
      Zamir Rauf 
      Executive Vice President and 
  Chief Financial Officer 
      Calpine Corporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cpn_exhibit321x09302016.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Calpine Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned does hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his or her knowledge, based upon a review of the Report: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

/s/ JOHN B. (THAD) HILL III 

/s/ ZAMIR RAUF 

John B. (Thad) Hill III 

Zamir Rauf 

President, 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Chief Financial Officer 

Calpine Corporation 

Calpine Corporation 

Dated: October 27, 2016 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Calpine Corporation and will be retained by Calpine Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cpn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cpn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cpn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cpn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cpn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cpn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

