<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1372807_0001144204-16-131120_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1401296</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>197366</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>934414</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>148</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131120.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102160443
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131120
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KCAP Financial, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001372807
		IRS NUMBER:				205348000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	811-23183
		FILM NUMBER:		161967815

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		295 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-455-8300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		295 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kohlberg Capital CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kohlberg Capital, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060815

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131120.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 v451648_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form
10-Q     

Commission File No. 814-00735  

KCAP Financial, Inc.  

  (Exact name of Registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Delaware   
       20-5951150    

(State or other jurisdiction
of   
       (I.R.S. Employer    

Incorporation or organization)   
     
          Identification Number)    

295 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor  

  New York, New York 10017  

  (Address of principal executive offices)  

(212) 455-8300  

  (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: Yes   x  
No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes      
No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer 
and  large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  
      x   

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes      
No   x  

The number of outstanding shares of common
stock of the registrant as of November 1, 2016 was 37,178,294. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    

Part I. Financial Information    

Item 1.  
      Consolidated Financial Statements  
      1   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      1   

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      2   

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2016  (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      5   

Consolidated Financial Highlights (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      27   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      28   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      56   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      74   

Item 4.  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      75   

Item 5.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      75   

Part II. Other Information    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      76   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      76   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      76   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      76   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      76   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      76   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      76   

Signatures   
      77   

KCAP FINANCIAL, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

KCAP FINANCIAL, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

KCAP FINANCIAL, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
NET ASSETS  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

KCAP FINANCIAL, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

KCAP FINANCIAL, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  

  As of September 30, 2016  

  (unaudited)  

Debt Securities Portfolio  

Equity Securities Portfolio   

CLO Fund Securities  

CLO Subordinated Investments  

CLO Rated-Note Investment  

Asset Manager Affiliates  

Time Deposits and Money Market Account  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

1  
              
      A majority of the variable rate loans in the Company s investment portfolio bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to either LIBOR or an alternate Base Rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate), which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower s option. The Borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan.  For each such loan, the Company has provided the weighted average annual stated interest rate in effect at September 30, 2016.  As noted in the table above, 85% (based on par) of debt securities contain LIBOR floors which range between 0.75% and 3.0%.   
 
       2   
      Reflects the fair market value of all investments as of September 30, 2016, as determined by the Company s Board of Directors.   
 
       3   
      Non-U.S. company or principal place of business outside the U.S.   
 
       4   
      The aggregate cost of investments for federal income tax purposes is approximately $441 million. The aggregate gross unrealized appreciation is approximately $1.0 million, the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation is approximately $70.2 million, and the net unrealized depreciation is approximately $69.2 million.   
 
       5   
      Non-income producing.   
 
       6   
      An affiliate CLO Fund managed by an Asset Manager Affiliate (as such term is defined in the notes to the consolidated financial statements).   
 
       7   
      Loan or debt security is on non-accrual status and therefore is considered non-income producing.   
 
       8   
      Money market account holding restricted cash and security deposits for employee benefit plans.   
 
       9   
      Qualified asset for purposes of section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940.   
 
       10   
      As of September 30, 2016, this investment is owned by KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC and was pledged to secure KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC s obligation.   
 
       11   
      Other than the Asset Manager Affiliate, which we are deemed to  control , we do not  control  and are not an  affiliate  of any of our portfolio companies, each as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). In general, under the 1940 Act, we would be presumed to  control  a portfolio company if we owned 25% or more of its voting securities and would be an  affiliate  of a portfolio company if we owned 5% or more of its voting securities.   
 
       12   
      Non-voting.   
 
       13   
      CLO Subordinated Investments are entitled to periodic distributions which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying fund s investments less contractual payments to debt holders and fund expenses. The estimated annualized effective yield indicated is based upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these distributions. Such projections are updated on a quarterly basis and the estimated effective yield is adjusted prospectively.    

KCAP FINANCIAL, INC. 
  
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
As of December 31, 2015  

Debt Securities Portfolio  

See accompanying notes to financial
statements. 

See accompanying notes to financial
statements. 

See accompanying notes to financial
statements. 

See accompanying notes to financial
statements. 

See accompanying notes to financial
statements. 

See accompanying notes to financial
statements. 

Equity Securities Portfolio  

See accompanying notes to financial
statements. 

CLO Fund Securities  

CLO Subordinated Securities, Preferred Shares and Income
Notes Investments  

CLO Rated-Note Investments  

Asset Manager Affiliates  

See accompanying notes to financial
statements. 

Time Deposits and Money Market Account  

See accompanying notes to financial
statements. 

1   
      A majority of the variable rate loans in the Company s investment portfolio bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to either LIBOR or an alternate Base Rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate), which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower s option. The Borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each such loan, the Company has provided the weighted average annual stated interest rate in effect at December 31, 2015. As noted in the table above, 77% (based on par) of debt securities contain LIBOR floors which range between 0.75% and 3.0%.   
 
       2   
      Reflects the fair market value of all investments as of December 31, 2015, as determined by the Company s Board of Directors.   
 
       3   
      Non-U.S. company or principal place of business outside the U.S.   
 
       4   
      The aggregate cost of investments for federal income tax purposes is approximately $471 million. The aggregate gross unrealized appreciation is approximately $7.0 million, the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation is approximately $68.2 million, and the net unrealized depreciation is approximately $61.2 million.   
 
       5   
      Non-income producing.   
 
       6   
      An affiliate CLO Fund managed by an Asset Manager Affiliate (as such term is defined in the notes to the consolidated financial statements).   
 
       7   
      Loan or debt security is on non-accrual status and therefore is considered non-income producing.   
 
       8   
      Money market account holding restricted cash and security deposits for employee benefit plans.   
 
       9   
      Qualified asset for purposes of section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940.   
 
       10   
      As of December 31, 2015, this investment is owned by KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC and was pledged to secure KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC s obligation.   
 
       11   
      Other than the Asset Manager Affiliate, which we are deemed to  control , we do not  control  and are not an  affiliate  of any of our portfolio companies, each as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). In general, under the 1940 Act, we would be presumed to  control  a portfolio company if we owned 25% or more of its voting securities and would be an  affiliate  of a portfolio company if we owned 5% or more of its voting securities.   
 
       12   
      Non-voting.   
 
       13   
      CLO Subordinated Investments are entitled to periodic distributions which are generally equal to the remaining cash flow of the payments made by the underlying fund s investments less contractual payments to debt holders and fund expenses. The estimated annualized effective yield indicated is based upon a current projection of the amount and timing of these distributions. Such projections are updated on a quarterly basis and the estimated effective yield is adjusted prospectively.   
 
       14   
      Notice of redemption has been received for this transaction.   

KCAP FINANCIAL, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  

  (unaudited)  

1   Based on weighted average number of common shares outstanding-basic
for the period. 

2   Total net asset value return (not annualized) equals
the change in the ending of period net asset value per share over the beginning of period net asset value per share plus distributions
(including any return of capital), divided by the beginning of period net asset value per share. 

3   Total market return equals the change in the ending of
period market price per share over the beginning of period price per share plus distributions (including any return of capital),
divided by the beginning of period market price per share. 

4   Not annualized. Portfolio turnover rate equals the year-to-date
sales and paydowns over the average of the invested assets at fair value. 

5   Annualized 

6   Totals may not sum due to rounding. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

KCAP FINANCIAL, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (unaudited)  

1. ORGANIZATION  

KCAP Financial, Inc. ( KCAP 
or the  Company ) is an internally managed, non-diversified closed-end investment company that is regulated as a business
development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). The Company was
formed as a Delaware limited liability company on August 8, 2006 and, prior to the issuance of shares of the Company s common
stock in its initial public offering ( IPO ), converted to a corporation incorporated in Delaware on December 11, 2006.
Prior to its IPO, the Company did not have material operations. The Company s IPO of 14,462,000 shares of common stock raised
net proceeds of approximately $200 million. Prior to the IPO, the Company issued 3,484,333 shares to affiliates of Kohlberg  
Co., L.L.C., a leading middle market private equity firm, in exchange for the contribution to the Company of their ownership interests
in Katonah Debt Advisors, L.L.C., and related affiliates (collectively,  Katonah Debt Advisors ) and in securities
issued by collateralized loan obligation funds ( CLO Funds ) managed by Katonah Debt Advisors and two other asset managers. 

On April 28, 2008, the Company completed
a rights offering that resulted in the issuance of 3.1 million shares of the Company s common stock, and net proceeds of
$27 million. 

On February 29, 2012, the Company purchased
Trimaran Advisors, L.L.C. ( Trimaran Advisors ), an asset manager similar to Katonah Debt Advisors, for total consideration
of $13.0 million in cash and 3,600,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Contemporaneously with the acquisition of Trimaran
Advisors, the Company acquired from Trimaran Advisors equity interests in certain CLO Funds managed by Trimaran Advisors for an
aggregate purchase price of $12.0 million in cash. 

On February 14, 2013, the Company completed
a public offering of 5,232,500 shares of common stock, which included the underwriters  full exercise of their option to
purchase up to 682,500 shares of common stock, at a price of $9.75 per share, raising approximately $51.0 million in gross proceeds.
In conjunction with this offering, the Company also sold 200,000 shares of common stock to a member of its Board of Directors,
at a price of $9.31125 per share, raising approximately $1.9 million in gross proceeds. 

On October 6, 2014, the Company completed
a follow-on public offering of 3.0 million shares of its common stock at a price of $8.02 per share. The offering raised net proceeds
of approximately $23.8 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. 

As of September 30, 2016, Katonah Debt Advisors
and Trimaran Advisors, as well as affiliated management companies Katonah 2007-1 Management, L.L.C., and Trimaran Advisors Management,
L.L.C. (collectively the  Asset Manager Affiliates ), had approximately $2.6 billion of par value assets under management.
The Asset Manager Affiliates are each managed independently from KCAP by a separate management team (however, certain of the Company s
executive officers also act in similar capacities for one or both of the Asset Manager Affiliates). The Asset Manager Affiliates
provide investment management services to CLO Funds, making day-to-day investment decisions concerning the assets of the CLO Funds.
The Asset Manager Affiliates do not have any investments in the CLO Funds they manage; however, KCAP holds investments in a portion
of the securities issued by the CLO Funds managed by the Asset Manager Affiliates. 

The Company has three principal areas of
investment: 

First, the Company originates, structures,
and invests in senior secured term loans and mezzanine debt primarily in privately-held middle market companies (the  Debt
Securities Portfolio ). In addition, from time to time the Company may invest in the equity securities of privately-held
middle market companies. 

Second, the Company has invested in the Asset
Manager Affiliates, which manage CLO Funds. 

Third, the Company invests in debt and subordinated
securities issued by CLO Funds ( CLO Fund Securities ). These CLO Fund Securities are primarily managed by our Asset
Manager Affiliates, but from time-to-time the Company makes investments in CLO Fund Securities managed by other asset managers.
The CLO Funds typically invest in broadly syndicated loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments. 

The Company may also invest in other investments
such as loans to publicly-traded companies, high-yield bonds and distressed debt securities. The Company may also receive warrants
or options to purchase common stock in connection with its debt investments. 

The Company has elected to be treated as
a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ).
To qualify as a RIC, the Company must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income, and asset diversification and annual
distribution requirements. As a RIC, the Company generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any
income that it distributes in a timely manner to its stockholders. 

2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required for annual consolidated financial statements. The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements
and notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto in the Company s Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission  or
the  SEC ). 

The consolidated financial statements reflect
all adjustments, both normal and recurring which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for the fair presentation of the
Company s results of operations and financial condition for the periods presented. Furthermore, the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements requires the Company to make significant estimates and assumptions including with respect to the fair value
of investments that do not have a readily available market value. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and the differences
could be material. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the operating
results to be expected for the full year. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

The Company consolidates the financial
statements of its wholly-owned special purpose financing subsidiaries KCAP Funding, Kolhberg Capital Funding LLC I, KCAP Senior
Funding I, LLC and KCAP Senior Funding I Holdings, LLC in its consolidated financial statements as they are operated solely for
investment activities of the Company. The creditors of KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC have received security interests in the assets
owned by KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC and such assets are not intended to be available to the creditors of KCAP Financial, Inc.,
or any other affiliate. 

In accordance with Article 6 of Regulation
S-X under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the  Exchange Act ), the Company does not consolidate portfolio company investments, including those in which
it has a controlling interest (e.g., the Asset Manager Affiliates), unless the portfolio company is another investment company. 

The Asset Manager Affiliates are subject
to Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810,  Consolidation  and although the Company cannot consolidate the financial
statements of portfolio company investments, this guidance impacts the Company s required disclosures relating to the Asset
Manager Affiliates. The Asset Manager Affiliates qualify as a  significant subsidiary  and, as a result, the Company
is required to include additional financial information regarding the Asset Manager Affiliates in its filings with the SEC. This
additional financial information regarding the Asset Manager Affiliates does not directly impact the financial position or results
of operations of the Company. 

On February 18, 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-2 ( ASU 2015-2 ), which updated consolidation
standards under ASC Topic 810,  Consolidation . Under this update, a new consolidation analysis is required for variable
interest entities ( VIEs ) and will limit the circumstances in which investment managers and similar entities are required
to consolidate the entities that they manage. The FASB decided to eliminate some of the criteria under which their management fees
are considered a variable interest and limit the circumstances in which variable interests in a VIE held by related parties of
a reporting enterprise require the reporting enterprise to consolidate the VIE. The guidance is effective for public business entities
for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, early adoption is permitted. The Asset Manager
Affiliates adopted ASU 2015-2 in 2016 which resulted in the deconsolidation of the CLO Funds managed by them. 

In addition, in accordance with Regulation
S-X promulgated by the SEC, additional financial information with respect to one of the CLO Funds in which the Company has an investment,
Katonah 2007-I CLO Ltd. ( Katonah 2007-I CLO ), is required to be included in the Company s SEC filings. The
additional financial information regarding the Asset Manager Affiliates and Katonah 2007-I CLO is set forth in Note 5 to these
consolidated financial statements. 

Stockholder distributions on the Statement
of Changes in Net Assets reflect the estimated allocation, between net investment income and return of capital, of distributions
made during the reporting period, excluding the distribution declared in a quarter with a record date occurring after the quarter-end.
The determination of the tax character of distributions is made on an annual (full calendar-year) basis at the end of the year
based upon our taxable income for the full year and the distributions paid during the full year. Therefore, an estimate of tax
attributes made on a quarterly basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of distributions for a full year. 

It is the Company s primary investment
objective to generate current income and capital appreciation by lending directly to privately-held middle market companies. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company provided approximately $37.9 million to portfolio companies to support their
growth objectives. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $600,000 and $360,000 of outstanding commitments
to fund investments, respectively. See also Note 8   Commitments and Contingencies. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
held loans it made to 83 investee companies with aggregate principal amounts of $272 million. The details of such loans have been
disclosed on the consolidated schedule of investments as well as in Note 4   Investments. In addition to providing loans
to investee companies, from time to time the Company assists investee companies in securing financing from other sources by introducing
such investee companies to sponsors or by, among other things, leading a syndicate of lenders to provide the investee companies
with financing. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not engage in any such or similar activities. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014- 15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):
Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ).
The standard requires management to evaluate, at each interim and annual reporting period, whether there are conditions or events
that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the
financial statements are issued, and provide related disclosures. ASU 2014- 15 is effective for annual periods ending after December
15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter, and early adoption is permitted. We do not expect to adopt ASU 2014-15
early, and we do not believe the standard will have a material impact on our financial statements, when adopted. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update 2015-03, Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
Costs. Under this guidance, debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability are to be presented as a direct deduction
from the debt liability rather than as an asset on the balance sheet, consistent with debt discounts. For public business entities,
the final guidance was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption was permitted. The Company adopted the new guidance beginning the first quarter of 2016. 

The following table presents the impact
of the Accounting Standards Update 2015-03 on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2015: 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET  

FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which updated accounting guidance for all revenue recognition arising from contracts with
customers, and also affects entities that enter into contracts to provide goods or services to their customers (unless the contracts
are in the scope of other US GAAP requirements). This update provides a model for the measurement and recognition of gains and
losses on the sale of certain nonfinancial assets, such as property and equipment, including real estate. The FASB also issued
ASU 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date, which deferred the effective date
of the standard for one year. As a result, the guidance is effective for public business entities for annual and interim periods
in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-09 to have a material impact to the
Company s financial statements. 

Investments   

Investment transactions are recorded on the
applicable trade date. Realized gains or losses are determined using the specific identification method. 

Valuation of Portfolio Investments .
The Company s Board of Directors is ultimately and solely responsible for making a good faith determination of the fair value
of portfolio investments on a quarterly basis. Debt and equity securities for which market quotations are readily available are
generally valued at such market quotations. Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market price is not
readily available are valued by the Board of Directors based on detailed analyses prepared by management and, in certain circumstances,
third parties with valuation expertise. Valuations are conducted by management on 100% of the investment portfolio at the end of
each quarter. The Company follows the provisions of ASC 820: Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC 820: Fair Value ).
This standard defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about assets and liabilities
measured at fair value. ASC 820: Fair Value   defines  fair value  as the price that would be received to sell
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Subsequent
to the adoption of ASC 820: Fair Value, the FASB has issued various staff positions clarifying the initial standard as noted below. 

The FASB issued guidance that clarified and
required disclosures about fair value measurements. These include requirements to disclose the amounts and reasons for significant
transfers between Level I and Level II, as well as significant transfers in and out of Level III of the fair value hierarchy (see
Note 4    Investments   Fair Value Measurements  for further information relating to Level I, Level II
and Level III). The guidance also required that purchases, sales, issuances and settlements be presented gross in the Level III
reconciliation. 

ASC 820: Fair Value requires the disclosure
in interim and annual periods of the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure fair value and a discussion of changes in
valuation techniques and related inputs, if any, during the period. 

The Company utilizes an independent valuation
firm to provide an annual third-party review of the Company s CLO Securities fair value model relative to its functionality,
model inputs and calculations as a reasonable method to determine fair values of CLO Securities, in the absence of Level I or Level
II trading activity or observable market inputs. The independent valuation firm s 2015 annual review concluded that the Company s
model appropriately factors in all the necessary inputs required to build an equity cash flow model for CLO Securities for fair
value purposes and that the inputs were being employed correctly. 

The Company utilizes an independent valuation
firm to provide third party valuation consulting services. Each quarter the independent valuation firm will perform third party
valuations of the Company s investments in material illiquid securities such that they are reviewed at least once during
a trailing 12-month period. These third party valuation estimates are considered as one of the relevant data points in the Company s
determination of fair value. The Company intends to continue to engage an independent valuation firm in the future to provide certain
valuation services, including the review of certain portfolio assets, as part of the quarterly and annual year-end valuation process. 

The Board of Directors may consider other
methods of valuation than those set forth below to determine the fair value of Level III investments as appropriate in conformity
with GAAP. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market
value, the fair value of the Company s investments may differ materially from the values that would have been used had a
readily available market existed for such investments. Further, such investments may be generally subject to legal and other restrictions
on resale or otherwise be less liquid than publicly traded securities. In addition, changes in the market environment and other
events may occur over the life of the investments that may cause the value realized on such investments to be different from the
currently assigned valuations. 

The majority of the Company s investment
portfolio is composed of debt and equity securities with unique contract terms and conditions and/or complexity that requires a
valuation of each individual investment that considers multiple levels of market and asset specific inputs, which may include historical
and forecasted financial and operational performance of the individual investment, projected cash flows, market multiples, comparable
market transactions, the priority of the security compared with those of other securities for such issuers, credit risk, interest
rates, and independent valuations and reviews. 

Debt Securities . To the extent that
the Company s investments are exchange traded and are priced or have sufficient price indications from normal course trading
at or around the valuation date (financial reporting date), such pricing will be used to determine the fair value of the investments.
Valuations from third party pricing services may be used as an indication of fair value, depending on the volume and reliability
of the valuation, sufficient and reasonable correlation of bid and ask quotes, and, most importantly, the level of actual trading
activity. However, if the Company has been unable to identify directly comparable market indices or other market guidance that
correlate directly to the types of investments the Company owns, the Company will determine fair value using alternative methodologies
such as available market data, as adjusted, to reflect the types of assets the Company owns, their structure, qualitative and credit
attributes and other asset-specific characteristics. 

The Company derives fair value for its illiquid
investments that do not have indicative fair values based upon active trades primarily by using a present value technique that
discounts the estimated contractual cash flows for the subject assets with discount rates imputed by broad market indices, bond
spreads and yields for comparable issuers relative to the subject assets (the  Income Approach ). The Company also
considers, among other things, recent loan amendments or other activity specific to the subject asset. Discount rates applied to
estimated contractual cash flows for an underlying asset vary by specific investment, industry, priority and nature of the debt
security (such as the seniority or security interest of the debt security) and are assessed relative to two indices, a leveraged
loan index and a high-yield bond index, at the valuation date. The Company has identified these two indices as benchmarks for broad
market information related to its loan and debt securities. Because the Company has not identified any market index that directly
correlates to the loan and debt securities held by the Company and therefore uses these benchmark indices, these market indices
may require significant adjustment to better correlate such market data for the calculation of fair value of the investment under
the Income Approach. Such adjustments require judgment and may be material to the calculation of fair value. Further adjustments
to the discount rate may be applied to reflect other market conditions or the perceived credit risk of the borrower. When broad
market indices are used as part of the valuation methodology, their use is subject to adjustment for many factors, including priority,
collateral used as security, structure, performance and other quantitative and qualitative attributes of the asset being valued.
The resulting present value determination is then weighted along with any quotes from observable transactions and broker/pricing
quotes. If such quotes are indicative of actual transactions with reasonable trading volume at or near the valuation date that
are not liquidation or distressed sales, relatively more reliance will be put on such quotes to determine fair value. If such quotes
are not indicative of market transactions or are insufficient as to volume, reliability, consistency or other relevant factors,
such quotes will be compared with other fair value indications and given relatively less weight based on their relevancy. Other
significant assumptions, such as coupon and maturity, are asset-specific and are noted for each investment in the Schedules of
Investments. 

Equity Securities . The Company s
equity securities in portfolio companies for which there is no liquid public market are carried at fair value based on the Enterprise
Value of the portfolio company, which is determined using various factors, including EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization) and discounted cash flows from operations, less capital expenditures and other pertinent factors, such as recent
offers to purchase a portfolio company s securities or other liquidation events. The determined fair values are generally
discounted to account for restrictions on resale and minority ownership positions. In the event market quotations are readily available
for the Company s equity securities in public companies, those investments may be valued using the Market Approach (as defined
below). In cases where the Company receives warrants to purchase equity securities, a market standard Black-Scholes model is utilized. 

The significant inputs used to determine
the fair value of equity securities include prices, EBITDA and cash flows after capital expenditures for similar peer comparables
and the investment entity itself. Equity securities are classified as Level III, when there is limited activity or less transparency
around inputs to the valuation given the lack of information related to such equity investments held in nonpublic companies. Significant
assumptions observed for comparable companies are applied to relevant financial data for the specific investment. Such assumptions,
such as model discount rates or price/earnings multiples, vary by the specific investment, equity position and industry and incorporate
adjustments for risk premiums, liquidity and company specific attributes. Such adjustments require judgment and may be material
to the calculation of fair value. 

Asset Manager Affiliates . The Company s
investments in its wholly-owned asset management companies, the Asset Manager Affiliates, are carried at fair value, which is primarily
determined utilizing the Discounted Cash Flow approach (as defined below), which incorporates different levels of discount rates
depending on the hierarchy of fees earned (including the likelihood of realization of senior, subordinate and incentive fees) and
prospective modeled performance. Such valuation takes into consideration an analysis of comparable asset management companies and
the amount of assets under management. The Asset Manager Affiliates are classified as a Level III investment. Any change in value
from period to period is recognized as net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 

CLO Fund Securities . The Company typically
makes a minority investment in the most junior class of securities of CLO Funds raised and managed by the Asset Manager Affiliates
and may selectively invest in securities issued by funds managed by other asset management companies. The investments held by CLO
Funds generally relate to non-investment grade credit instruments issued by corporations. 

The Company s investments in CLO Fund
securities are carried at fair value, which is based either on (i) the present value of the net expected cash inflows for interest
income and principal repayments from underlying assets and cash outflows for interest expense, debt pay-down and other fund costs
for the CLO Funds that are approaching or past the end of their reinvestment period and therefore are selling assets and/or using
principal repayments to pay down CLO Fund debt (or will begin to do so shortly), and for which there continue to be net cash distributions
to the class of securities owned by the Company, a Discounted Cash Flow approach, (ii) a discounted cash flow model that utilizes
prepayment and loss assumptions based on historical experience and projected performance, economic factors, the characteristics
of the underlying cash flow and comparable yields for similar securities or preferred shares to those in which the Company has
invested, or (iii) indicative prices provided by the underwriters or brokers who arrange CLO Funds, a Market Approach. The Company
recognizes unrealized appreciation or depreciation on the Company s investments in CLO Fund securities as comparable yields
in the market change and/or based on changes in net asset values or estimated cash flows resulting from changes in prepayment or
loss assumptions in the underlying collateral pool. As each investment in CLO Fund securities ages, the expected amount of losses
and the expected timing of recognition of such losses in the underlying collateral pool are updated and the revised cash flows
are used in determining the fair value of the CLO Fund investment. The Company determines the fair value of its investments in
CLO Fund securities on a security-by-security basis. 

Due to the individual attributes of each
CLO Fund security, they are classified as a Level III investment unless specific trading activity can be identified at or near
the valuation date. When available, observable market information will be identified, evaluated and weighted accordingly in the
application of such data to the present value models and fair value determination. Significant assumptions to the present value
calculations include default rates, recovery rates, prepayment rates, investment/reinvestment rates and spreads and the discount
rate by which to value the resulting underlying cash flows. Such assumptions can vary significantly, depending on market data sources
which often vary in depth and level of analysis, understanding of the CLO market, detailed or broad characterization of the CLO
market and the application of such data to an appropriate framework for analysis. The application of data points are based on the
specific attributes of each individual CLO Fund security s underlying assets, historic, current and prospective performance,
vintage, and other quantitative and qualitative factors that would be evaluated by market participants. The Company evaluates the
source of market data for reliability as an indicative market input, consistency amongst other inputs and results and also the
context in which such data is presented. 

For rated note tranches of CLO Fund securities
(those above the junior class) without transactions to support a fair value for the specific CLO Fund and tranche, fair value is
based on discounting estimated bond payments at current market yields, which may reflect the adjusted yield on the leveraged loan
index for similarly rated tranches, as well as prices for similar tranches for other CLO Funds and also other factors such as indicative
prices provided by underwriters or brokers who arrange CLO Funds, and the default and recovery rates of underlying assets in the
CLO Fund, as may be applicable. Such model assumptions may vary and incorporate adjustments for risk premiums and CLO Fund specific
attributes. 

Cash . The Company defines cash as
demand deposits. The Company places its cash with financial institutions and, at times, cash held in checking accounts may exceed
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limit. 

Restricted Cash . Restricted cash and
cash equivalents (e.g., money market funds) consists of cash held for reinvestment and quarterly interest and principal distribution
(if any) to holders of notes issued by KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC. 

Time Deposits and Money Market Accounts .
Time deposits primarily represent investments of cash held in demand deposit accounts. Money market accounts primarily represent
short term interest-bearing deposit accounts and also includes restricted cash held under employee benefit plans. 

Interest Income . Interest income,
including the amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts
are expected to be collected. The Company generally places a loan or security on non-accrual status and ceases recognizing cash
interest income on such loan or security when a loan or security becomes 90 days or more past due or if the Company otherwise does
not expect the debtor to be able to service its debt obligations. Non-accrual loans remain in such status until the borrower has
demonstrated the ability and intent to pay contractual amounts due or such loans become current. As of September 30, 2016, one
issuer representing less than 1% of the Company s total investments at fair value was on a non-accrual status. 

Distributions from Asset Manager Affiliates .
The Company records distributions from our Asset Manager Affiliates on the declaration date, which represents the ex-dividend date.
Distributions in excess of tax-basis earnings and profits of the distributing affiliate company are recognized as tax-basis return
of capital. For interim periods, the Company estimates the tax attributes of any distributions as being either tax-basis earnings
and profits (i.e., dividend income) or return of capital (i.e., adjustment to the Company s cost basis in the Asset Manager
Affiliates). The final determination of the tax attributes of distributions from our Asset Manager Affiliates is made on an annual
(full calendar year) basis at the end of the year based upon taxable income and distributions for the full-year. Therefore, any
estimate of tax attributes of distributions made on a quarterly basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of
distributions for a full year. 

Investment Income on CLO Fund Securities .
The Company generates investment income from its investments in the most junior class of securities of CLO Funds (typically preferred
shares or subordinated securities) managed by the Asset Manager Affiliates and select investments in securities issued by funds
managed by other asset management companies. The Company s CLO Fund junior class securities are subordinated to senior note
holders who typically receive a stated interest rate of return based on a floating rate index, such as the London Interbank Offered
Rate ( LIBOR ) on their investment. The CLO Funds are leveraged funds and any excess cash flow or  excess spread 
(interest earned by the underlying securities in the fund less payments made to senior note holders and less fund expenses and
management fees) is paid to the holders of the CLO Fund s subordinated securities or preferred shares. 

GAAP-basis investment income on CLO equity
investments is recorded using the effective interest method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 325-40, based on the anticipated
yield and the estimated cash flows over the projected life of the investment. Yields are revised when there are changes in actual
or estimated projected future cash flows due to changes in prepayments and/or re-investments, credit losses or asset pricing. Changes
in estimated yield are recognized as an adjustment to the estimated yield prospectively over the remaining life of the investment
from the date the estimated yield was changed. Accordingly, investment income recognized on CLO equity securities in the GAAP statement
of operations differs from both the tax basis investment income and from the cash distributions actually received by the
Company during the period. 

For non-junior class CLO Fund securities,
such as the Company s investment in the Class E Notes of the Catamaran 2014-1 CLO, interest is earned at a fixed spread relative
to the LIBOR index. 

Capital Structuring Service Fees .
The Company may earn ancillary structuring and other fees related to the origination, investment, disposition or liquidation of
debt and investment securities. Generally, the Company will capitalize loan origination fees, then amortize these fees into interest
income over the term of the loan using the effective interest rate method, recognize prepayment and liquidation fees upon receipt
and equity structuring fees as earned, which generally occurs when an investment transaction closes. 

Debt Issuance Costs . Debt issuance
costs represent fees and other direct costs incurred in connection with the Company s borrowings. These amounts are capitalized
and amortized using the effective interest method over the expected term of the borrowing. 

Extinguishment of debt . The Company
must derecognize a liability if and only if it has been extinguished through delivery of cash, delivery of other financial assets,
delivery of goods or services, or reacquisition by the Company of its outstanding debt securities whether the securities are cancelled
or held. If the debt contains a cash conversion option, the Company must allocate the consideration transferred and transaction
costs incurred to the extinguishment of the liability component and the reacquisition of the equity component and recognize a gain
or loss in the statement of operations. 

Expenses . The Company is internally
managed and expenses costs, as incurred, with regard to the running of its operations. Primary operating expenses include employee
salaries and benefits, the costs of identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing, monitoring and servicing the Company s
investments and related overhead charges and expenses, including rental expense, and any interest expense incurred in connection
with borrowings. The Company and the Asset Manager Affiliates share office space and certain other operating expenses. The Company
has entered into an Overhead Allocation Agreement with the Asset Manager Affiliates which provides for the sharing of such expenses
based on an allocation of office lease costs and the ratable usage of other shared resources. 

Shareholder Distributions . Distributions
to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. The amount of distributions, if any, is determined by the Board of
Directors each quarter. 

The Company has adopted a dividend reinvestment
plan that provides for reinvestment of its distributions on behalf of its stockholders, unless a stockholder  opts out 
of the plan to receive cash in lieu of having their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of the Company s
common stock. 

3. EARNINGS (LOSSES) PER SHARE  

In accordance with the provisions of ASC 260, Earnings
per Share  ( ASC 260 ), basic earnings per share is computed by dividing earnings available to common shareholders
by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Other potentially dilutive common shares, and the related
impact to earnings, are considered when calculating earnings per share on a diluted basis. 

The following information sets forth the computation of basic
and diluted net increase (decrease) in stockholders  equity per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 (unaudited): 

Share-based awards that contain non-forfeitable
rights to dividends or dividend equivalents, whether paid or unpaid, are participating securities and included in the computation
of both basic and diluted earnings per share. Grants of restricted stock awards to the Company s employees and directors
are considered participating securities when there are earnings in the period and the earnings per share calculations include outstanding
unvested restricted stock awards in the basic weighted average shares outstanding calculation. 

There were 50,000 options to purchase shares
of common stock considered for the computation of the diluted per share information for the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. Since the effects are anti-dilutive for both periods, the options were not included in the computation.
For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company purchased 309 and 67,654 shares of common stock, respectively,
in connection with the vesting of employee restricted stock, such shares are treated as treasury shares and reduce the weighted
average shares outstanding in the computation of earnings per share. 

The Company s Convertible Notes were included in the
computation of the diluted net increase or decrease in net assets resulting from operations per share by application of the  if-converted
method  for periods when the Convertible Notes were outstanding. Under the if-converted method, interest charges applicable
to the convertible notes for the period are added to reported net increase or decrease in net assets resulting from operations
and the full amount of shares (pro-rata if not outstanding for the full period) that would be issued are added to weighted average
basic shares. Convertible notes are considered anti-dilutive only when its interest per share upon conversion exceeds the basic
net increase or decrease in net assets resulting from operations per share. For the three and nine month periods ended September
30, 2015, the effects of the convertible notes are anti-dilutive. The Convertible Notes matured and were repaid in March 2016.  

4. INVESTMENTS  

The following table shows the Company s
portfolio by security type at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Represents percentage of total portfolio at fair value. 

Includes restricted cash held under employee benefit
plans. 

Represents the equity investment in the Asset Manager
Affiliates. 

The industry-related information, based
on the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, for the Company s
investment portfolio was as follows: 

1  Calculated as a percentage of total portfolio
at fair value. 

  2  Represents the equity investment in the
Asset Manager Affiliates. 

  3  Includes restricted cash held under employee
benefit plans. 

The Company may invest up to 30% of the investment
portfolio in  non-qualifying  opportunistic investments, including investments in debt and equity securities of CLO
Funds, distressed debt or debt and equity securities of large cap public companies. Within this 30% of the portfolio, the Company
also may invest in debt of middle market companies located outside of the United States. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the total amount of non-qualifying assets was approximately 16% and 18% of total assets, respectively. The majority of non-qualifying
assets were foreign investments which were approximately 12% and 13% of the Company s total assets, respectively (including
the Company s investments in CLO Funds, which are typically domiciled outside the U.S. and represented approximately 12%
and 13% of its total assets on such dates, respectively). 

The following tables detail the ten largest
portfolio investments (at fair value) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Related
party loan - See Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Excluding the Asset Manager Affiliates and
CLO Fund securities, the Company s ten largest portfolio companies represented approximately 18% and 19% of the total fair
value of the Company s investments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Investments in CLO Fund Securities  

The Company typically makes a minority investment
in the most junior class of securities (typically preferred shares or subordinated securities) of CLO Funds managed by the Asset
Manager Affiliates and may selectively invest in securities issued by CLO funds managed by other asset management companies. These
securities also are entitled to recurring distributions which generally equal the net remaining cash flow of the payments made
by the underlying CLO Fund s securities less contractual payments to senior bond holders, management fees and CLO Fund expenses.
CLO Funds invest primarily in broadly syndicated non-investment grade loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments of corporate
issuers. The underlying assets in each of the CLO Funds in which the Company has an investment are generally diversified secured
or unsecured corporate debt. The CLO Funds are leveraged funds and any excess cash flow or  excess spread  (interest
earned by the underlying securities in the fund less payments made to senior bond holders, fund expenses and management fees) is
paid to the holders of the CLO Fund s subordinated securities or preferred shares. 

In June 2013, the Company purchased $9.0
million of the par value of the Subordinated Notes of Catamaran 2013-1 CLO ( Catamaran 2013-1 ) managed by Trimaran
Advisors. 

In May and August 2014, the Company purchased
$11.1 million and $9.9 million of the par value of the Subordinated Notes of Catamaran 2014-1 CLO ( Catamaran 2014-1 )
and 2014-2 CLO ( Catamaran 2014-2 ), respectively. Both are managed by Trimaran Advisors. 

In May 2015, the Company purchased $11.9
million of the par value of the Subordinated Notes of Catamaran 2015-1 CLO ( Catamaran 2015-1 ) managed by Trimaran
Advisors. 

In June 2016, the Company sold $7.0 million
par value of the Subordinated Notes of Catamaran 2015-1 for $4.2 million. 

All CLO Funds managed by the Asset Manager
Affiliates are currently making quarterly distributions to the Company with respect to its interests in the CLO Funds and are paying
all senior and subordinate management fees to the Asset Manager Affiliates. With the exception of Katonah III, Ltd., all third-party
managed CLO Funds are making distributions to the Company. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The Company follows the provisions of ASC
820: Fair Value, which among other matters, requires enhanced disclosures about investments that are measured and reported at fair
value. This standard defines fair value and establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level
of market price observability used in measuring investments at fair value and expands disclosures about assets and liabilities
measured at fair value. ASC 820: Fair Value defines  fair value  as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. This fair value
definition focuses on an exit price in the principal, or most advantageous market, and prioritizes, within a measurement of fair
value, the use of market-based inputs (which may be weighted or adjusted for relevance, reliability and specific attributes relative
to the subject investment) over entity-specific inputs. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including
the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment. Investments with readily available active quoted prices
or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability
and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value. Subsequent to the adoption of ASC 820: Fair Value, the FASB has issued
various staff positions clarifying the initial standard (see Note 2    Significant Accounting Policies Investments ). 

ASC 820: Fair Value   establishes the
following three-level hierarchy, based upon the transparency of inputs to the fair value measurement of an asset or liability as
of the measurement date: 

Level I   Unadjusted quoted
prices are available in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. The type of investments included in
Level I include listed equities and listed securities. As required by ASC 820: Fair Value, the Company does not adjust the quoted
price for these investments, even in situations where the Company holds a large position and a sale could reasonably affect the
quoted price. 

Level II   Pricing inputs
are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Such
inputs may be quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable
or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full character of the financial instrument, or inputs that
are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market information. Investments which are generally included in this
category include illiquid debt securities and less liquid, privately held or restricted equity securities for which some level
of recent trading activity has been observed. 

Level III   Pricing inputs
are unobservable for the investment and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment.
The inputs may be based on the Company s own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability
or may use Level II inputs, as adjusted, to reflect specific investment attributes relative to a broader market assumption. These
inputs into the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market
data for comparable performance or valuation measures (earnings multiples, discount rates, other financial/valuation ratios, etc.)
are available, such investments are grouped as Level III if any significant data point that is not also market observable (private
company earnings, cash flows, etc.) is used in the valuation methodology. 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure
fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair
value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment
of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and the Company considers
factors specific to the investment. A majority of the Company s investments are classified as Level III. The Company evaluates
the source of inputs, including any markets in which its investments are trading, in determining fair value. Inputs that are highly
correlated to the specific investment being valued and those derived from reliable or knowledgeable sources will tend to have a
higher weighting in determining fair value. The Company s fair value determinations may include factors such as an assessment
of each underlying investment, its current and prospective operating and financial performance, consideration of financing and
sale transactions with third parties, expected cash flows and market-based information, including comparable transactions, performance
factors, and other investment or industry specific market data, among other factors. 

The following table summarizes the fair
value of investments by the above ASC 820: Fair Value fair value   hierarchy levels as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and
December 31, 2015, respectively: 

As a BDC, the Company is required to invest
primarily in the debt and equity of non-public companies for which there is little, if any, market-observable information. As a
result, a significant portion of the Company s investments at any given time will likely be deemed Level III investments. 

Investment values derived by a third party
pricing service are generally deemed to be Level III values. For those that have observable trades, the Company considers them
to be Level II. 

Values derived for debt and equity securities
using comparable public/private companies generally utilize market-observable data from such comparables and specific, non-public
and non-observable financial measures (such as earnings or cash flows) for the private, underlying company/issuer. Such non-observable
company/issuer data is typically provided on a monthly or quarterly basis, is certified as correct by the management of the company/issuer
and/or audited by an independent accounting firm on an annual basis. Since such private company/issuer data is not publicly available
it is not deemed market-observable data and, as a result, such investment values are grouped as Level III assets. 

Values derived for the Asset Manager Affiliates
using comparable public/private companies utilize market-observable data and specific, non-public and non-observable financial
measures (such as assets under management, historical and prospective earnings) for the Asset Manager Affiliates. The Company recognizes
that comparable asset managers may not be fully comparable to the Asset Manager Affiliates and typically identifies a range of
performance measures and/or adjustments within the comparable population with which to determine value. Since any such ranges and
adjustments are entity specific they are not considered market-observable data and thus require a Level III grouping. Illiquid
investments that have values derived through the use of discounted cash flow models and residual enterprise value models are grouped
as Level III assets. 

The Company s policy for determining
transfers between levels is based solely on the previously defined three-level hierarchy for fair value measurement. Transfers
between the levels of the fair value hierarchy are separately noted in the tables below and the reason for such transfer described
in each table s respective footnotes. Certain information relating to investments measured at fair value for which the Company
has used unobservable inputs to determine fair value is as follows: 

Transfers out of Level III represent a transfer of $16,093,451
relating to debt and equity securities for which pricing inputs, other than their quoted prices in active markets were observable
as of September 30, 2016 

Transfers into Level III represent a transfer of $32,366,500
relating to debt and equity securities for which pricing inputs, other than their quoted prices in active markets were unobservable
as of September 30, 2016 

Transfers out of Level III represent a transfer of $30,472,595
relating to debt securities for which pricing inputs, other than their quoted prices in active markets were observable as of December
31, 2015. 

Transfers into Level III represent a transfer of $34,013,134
relating to debt securities for which pricing inputs, other than their quoted prices in active markets were unobservable as of
December 31, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s
Level II portfolio investments were valued by a third party pricing services for which the prices are not adjusted and for which
inputs are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full character of the financial instrument,
or by inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market information. The fair value of the Company s
Level II portfolio investments was $110,240,801 as of September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s
Level III portfolio investments had the following valuation techniques and significant inputs: 

The qualitative inputs used in the fair value measurements
of the Debt Securities include estimates of the distressed liquidation value of the pledged collateral. 

As of December 31, 2015, the Company s
Level III portfolio investments had the following valuation techniques and significant inputs: 

The qualitative inputs used in the fair value measurements of the Debt Securities include estimates of the distressed liquidation value of the pledged collateral. 

The significant unobservable inputs used
in the fair value measurement of the Company s debt securities may include, among other things, broad market indices, the
comparable yields of similar investments in similar industries, effective discount rates, average EBITDA multiples, and weighted
average cost of capital. Significant increases or decreases in such comparable yields would result in a significantly lower or
higher fair value measurement. 

The significant unobservable inputs used
in the fair value measurement of the Company s equity securities include the EBITDA multiple of similar investments in similar
industries and the weighted average cost of capital. Significant increases or decreases in such inputs would result in a significantly
lower or higher fair value measurement. 

Significant unobservable input used in
the fair value measurement of the Company s CLO Fund securities include default rates, recovery rates, prepayment rates,
spreads, and the discount rate by which to value the resulting underlying cash flows. Such assumptions can vary significantly,
depending on market data sources which often vary in depth and level of analysis, understanding of the CLO market, detailed or
broad characterization of the CLO market and the application of such data to an appropriate framework for analysis. The application
of data points are based on the specific attributes of each individual CLO Fund security s underlying assets, historic, current
and prospective performance, vintage, and other quantitative and qualitative factors that would be evaluated by market participants.
The Company evaluates the source of market data for reliability as an indicative market input, consistency amongst other inputs
and results and also the context in which such data is presented. Significant increases or decreases in probability of default
and loss severity inputs in isolation would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. In general, a change
in the assumption of the probability of default is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the
loss severity in an event of default. Significant increases or decreases in the discount rate in isolation would result in a significantly
lower or higher fair value measurement. 

The significant unobservable inputs used
in the fair value measurement of the Asset Manager Affiliates is the discount rate used to present value prospective cash flows.
Prospective revenues are generally based on a fixed percentage of the par value of CLO Fund assets under management and are recurring
in nature for the term of the CLO Fund so long as the Asset Manager Affiliates manage the fund. As a result, the fees earned by
the Asset Manager Affiliates are generally not subject to market value fluctuations in the underlying collateral. The discounted
cash flow model incorporates different levels of discount rates depending on the hierarchy of fees earned (including the likelihood
of realization of senior, subordinate and incentive fees) and prospective modeled performance. Significant increases or decreases
in such discount rate would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. 

5. ASSET MANAGER AFFILIATES  

Wholly-Owned Asset Managers  

The Asset Manager Affiliates are wholly-owned
portfolio companies. The Asset Manager Affiliates manage CLO Funds primarily for third party investors that invest in broadly syndicated
loans, high yield bonds and other credit instruments issued by corporations. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Asset
Manager Affiliates had approximately $2.6 billion and $2.7 billion of par value of assets under management, respectively, and the
Company s 100% equity interest in the Asset Manager Affiliates had a fair value of approximately $43 million and $57 million,
respectively. 

As a manager of the CLO Funds, the Asset
Manager Affiliates receive contractual and recurring management fees from the CLO Funds for their management and advisory services.
The annual fees which the Asset Manager Affiliates receive are generally based on a fixed percentage of assets under management
(at par value and not subject to changes in market value), and the Asset Manager Affiliates generate net income equal to the amount
by which their fee income exceeds their operating expenses, including compensation of their employees and income taxes. The management
fees the Asset Manager Affiliates receive have three components - a senior management fee, a subordinated management fee and an
incentive fee. Currently, all CLO Funds managed by the Asset Manager Affiliates are paying both their senior and subordinated management
fees on a current basis. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Asset Manager Affiliates declared cash distributions of $750,000 and $2.3 million to the Company, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Asset Manager Affiliates declared cash distributions of approximately
$2.7 million and $7.3 million to the Company, respectively. Any distributions from the Asset Manager Affiliates out of their estimated
tax-basis earnings and profits are recorded as  Dividends from Asset Manager Affiliates  on the Company s statement
of operations. The Company recognized $0 and $1.5 million, respectively, of Dividends from Asset Manager Affiliates in the Statement
of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company recognized $1.4 million and $4.2 million, respectively, of Dividends from Asset Manager Affiliates in the Statement of
Operations. The difference between cash distributions received and the tax-basis earnings and profits of the distributing affiliate,
are recorded as an adjustment to the cost basis in the Asset Manager Affiliate (i.e., tax-basis return of capital). Distributions
receivable, if any, are reflected in the Due from Affiliates account on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The tax attributes of distributions received
from the Asset Manager Affiliates are determined on an annual basis. The Company makes an estimate of the tax-basis earnings and
profits of the Asset Manager Affiliates on a quarterly basis, and any quarterly distributions received in excess of the estimated
earnings and profits are recorded as return of capital (reduction in the cost basis of the investment in Asset Manager Affiliate). 

The Asset Manager Affiliates  fair
value is determined quarterly. The valuation is primarily determined utilizing a discounted cash flow model. See Note 2 -  Significant
Accounting Policies  and Note 4 -  Investments  for further information relating to the Company s valuation
methodology. 

On February 18, 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
2015-2 ( ASU 2015-2 ), which updated consolidation standards under ASC Topic 810,  Consolidation . Under
this update, a new consolidation analysis is required for VIEs and will limit the circumstances in which investment managers and
similar entities are required to consolidate the entities that they manage. The FASB decided to eliminate some of the criteria
under which their management fees are considered a variable interest and limit the circumstances in which variable interests in
a VIE held by related parties of a reporting enterprise require the reporting enterprise to consolidate the VIE. The guidance is
effective for public business entities for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, early
adoption is permitted. The Asset Manager Affiliates adopted ASU 2015-2 in 2016 which resulted in the deconsolidation of the CLO
Funds. Prior year amounts have been restated to reflect the retrospective adoption of ASU 2015-2. In addition, in accordance with
Regulation S-X, additional financial information with respect to one of the CLO Funds in which the Company has an investment, Katonah
2007-I CLO, is required to be included in the Company s SEC Filings. 

Asset Manager Affiliates  

 Summarized Balance Sheet (unaudited) 

Asset Manager Affiliates  

 Summarized Statements of Operations Information
(unaudited) 

Katonah 2007-I CLO Ltd.  

 Summarized Balance Sheet Information (unaudited)  

Katonah 2007-I CLO Ltd.  

 Summarized Statements of Operations Information
(unaudited) 

On February 29, 2016, Katonah X CLO Ltd.
was fully liquidated and all of its outstanding obligations were satisfied. The Company received approximately $1.0 million in
connection therewith related to its investment in the subordinated securities issued by Katonah X CLO Ltd. Accordingly, the Company
recorded a realized loss during the first quarter of 2016 of approximately $6.6 million on its investment in Katonah X CLO Ltd.
and a corresponding unrealized gain of the same amount in order to reverse the approximately $6.6 million of previously recorded
unrealized depreciation with respect to the investment. 

As separately regarded entities for tax purposes,
the Asset Manager Affiliates are taxed at normal corporate rates. In order to maintain the Company s RIC status, any tax-basis
dividends paid by the Asset Manager Affiliates to the Company would generally need to be distributed to the Company s shareholders.
Generally, such tax-basis dividends of the Asset Manager Affiliates  income which was distributed to the Company s
shareholders will be considered as qualified dividends for tax purposes. The Asset Manager Affiliates  taxable net income
will differ from U.S. GAAP net income because of deferred tax temporary differences and permanent tax adjustments. Deferred tax
temporary differences may include differences for the recognition and timing of amortization and depreciation, compensation related
expenses, and net loss carryforward, among other things. Permanent differences may include adjustments, limitations or disallowances
for meals and entertainment expenses, penalties, tax goodwill amortization and net operating loss carryforward. 

Goodwill amortization for tax purposes
was created upon the purchase of 100% of the equity interests in Katonah Debt Advisors prior to the Company s IPO in exchange
for shares of the Company s stock valued at $33 million. Although this transaction was a stock transaction rather than an
asset purchase and thus no goodwill was recognized for U.S. GAAP purposes, such exchange was considered an asset purchase under
Section 351(a) of the Code. At the time of the transfer, Katonah Debt Advisors had equity of approximately $1 million resulting
in tax goodwill of approximately $32 million which is being amortized for tax purposes on a straight-line basis over 15 years. 

Additional goodwill amortization for tax
purposes was created upon the purchase of 100% of the equity interests in Trimaran Advisors by one of KCAP s affiliates,
in exchange for shares of the Company s stock valued at $25.5 million and cash of $13.0 million. The transaction was considered
an asset purchase under Section 351(a) of the Code and resulted in tax goodwill of approximately $22.8 million which is being amortized
for tax purposes on a straight-line basis over 15 years. 

During the second quarter of 2016, KCAP
contributed 100% of its ownership interests in Katonah Debt Advisors and Trimaran Advisors Management to Commodore Holdings, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of KCAP. These transactions simplify the tax structure of the AMAs and facilitate the consolidation of
tax basis goodwill deductions for the AMAs, which may impact the tax character of distributions from the AMAs. 

Related Party Transactions  

On February 26, 2013, the Company entered
into a senior credit agreement (the  Trimaran Credit Facility ) with Trimaran Advisors, pursuant to which Trimaran
Advisors may borrow from time to time up to $20 million from the Company in order to provide capital necessary to support one or
more of Trimaran Advisors  warehouse lines of credit and/or working capital in connection with Trimaran Advisors  warehouse
activities. The Trimaran Credit Facility expires on November 20, 2017 and bears interest at an annual rate of 9.0%. Outstanding
borrowings on the Trimaran Credit Facility are callable by the Company at any time. On April 15, 2013, the Trimaran Credit Facility
was amended and upsized from $20 million to $23 million. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the par value of the outstanding
loan was $23 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized interest income of approximately
$485,000 and $398,000, respectively, related to the Trimaran Credit Facility. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Company recognized interest income of approximately $1.3 million and $1.2 million, respectively, related Trimaran Credit
Facility. 

6. BORROWINGS  

The Company s debt obligations consist
of the following: 

The weighted average stated interest rate and weighted average
maturity on all our debt outstanding as of September 30, 2016 were 3.76% and 7.0 years, respectively, and as of December 31, 2015
were 4.08% and 6.8 years, respectively. 

Convertible Notes  

On March 16, 2011, the Company issued $55
million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured 8.75% convertible notes due March 2016 ( Convertible Notes ). On
March 23, 2011, pursuant to an over-allotment option, the Company issued an additional $5 million of such Convertible Notes for
a total of $60 million in aggregate principal amount. The net proceeds from the sale of the Convertible Notes, after the payment
of underwriting expenses, were approximately $57.7 million. Interest on the Convertible Notes is due semi-annually in arrears on
March 15 and September 15, at a rate of 8.75%, commencing September 15, 2011. The Convertible Notes matured and were repaid on
March 15, 2016. The Convertible Notes were senior unsecured obligations of the Company. 

In connection with the issuance of the
Convertible Notes, the Company incurred approximately $2.4 million of debt offering costs, which were amortized over the term of
the Convertible Notes on an effective yield method. On April 4, 2013, approximately $9 million of the Company s 8.75% Convertible
Notes were converted at a price per share of $8.159 into 1,102,093 shares of KCAP common stock. On September 4, 2013, the Company
purchased $2.0 million face value of its own Convertible Notes at a price of $114.50 plus accrued interest. KCAP subsequently surrendered
these notes to the Trustee for cancellation effective September 13, 2013. During 2015, the Company repurchased approximately $19.3
million face value of its own Convertible Notes at a price ranging from $101.500 to $102.375. KCAP subsequently surrendered these
notes to the Trustee for cancellation. Due to the cash conversion option embedded in the Convertible Notes, the Company applied
the guidance in ASC 470-20-40,  Debt with Conversion and Other Options  and realized a loss on the extinguishment of this
debt. The indenture governing the Convertible Notes contains certain restrictive covenants, including compliance with certain provisions
of the 1940 Act and conditions governing the undertaking of new debt. The Convertible Notes matured and were fully repaid on March
15, 2016. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, interest expense related to the Convertible Notes was approximately $378,000 and $2.5 million, respectively. 

Fair Value of Convertible Notes. 
The Company carries the Convertible Notes at cost. The Convertible Notes were issued in a private placement and there was no active
trading of these notes. The estimated fair value of the Company s outstanding Convertible Notes was approximately $19.5 million
at December 31, 2015. The fair value was determined based on an indicative closing price as of that date. The Convertible Notes
are categorized as Level III following ASC 820: Fair Value. 

7.375% Notes Due 2019  

On October 10, 2012, the Company issued
$41.4 million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured 7.375% Notes due 2019. The net proceeds for these Notes, after the payment
of underwriting expenses, were approximately $39.9 million. Interest on the 7.375% Notes due 2019 is paid quarterly in arrears
on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30, at a rate of 7.375%, commencing December 30, 2012. The 7.375% Notes due 2019
mature on September, 30, 2019 and are unsecured obligations of the Company. The 7.375% Notes due 2019 are subject to redemption
in whole or in part at any time or from time to time, at the option of the Company, on or after September 30, 2015, at a redemption
price per security equal to 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest payments otherwise
payable for the then-current quarterly interest period accrued to the date fixed for redemption. In addition, due to the asset
coverage test applicable to the Company as a BDC and a covenant that the Company agreed to in connection with the issuance of the
7.375% Notes due 2019, the Company is limited in its ability to make distributions in certain circumstances. The indenture governing
the 7.375% Notes due 2019 contains certain restrictive covenants, including compliance with certain provisions of the 1940 Act
relating to borrowing and dividends. At September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, interest expense related to the 7.375% Notes due 2019 was approximately $712,000 and $763,000, respectively. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, interest expense related to the 7.375% Notes due 2019 was approximately $2.2
million and $2.3 million, respectively. 

In connection with the issuance of the
7.375% Notes due 2019, the Company incurred approximately $1.5 million of debt offering costs which are being amortized over the
expected term of the facility on an effective yield method, of which approximately $600,000 remains to be amortized, and is included
on the consolidated balance sheets as a reduction in the related debt liability. 

During the second quarter of 2016, the
Company repurchased approximately $2.4 million par value of the 7.375% notes due 2019 at a weighted average price of $25.23 per
$25.00 note, resulting in a realized loss on extinguishment of $71,190. KCAP subsequently surrendered these notes to the Trustee
for cancellation. 

During the third quarter of 2016, $5.0
million par value of the 7.375% notes due 2019 was redeemed by the Company, resulting in a realized loss on extinguishment of $88,015. 

Fair Value of 7.375% Notes Due 2019 .  The
7.375% Notes due 2019 were issued in a public offering on October 10, 2012 and are carried at cost. The fair value of the Company s
outstanding 7.375% Notes due 2019 was approximately $34.2 million at September 30, 2016. The fair value was determined based on
the closing price on September 30, 2016 for the 7.375% Notes due 2019. The 7.375% Notes due 2019 are categorized as Level I under
the ASC 820 Fair Value. 

KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC (Debt Securitization)  

On June 18, 2013, the Company completed
the sale of notes in a $140,000,000 debt securitization financing transaction.   The notes offered in this transaction (the
 KCAP Senior Funding I Notes ) were issued by KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC, a newly formed special purpose vehicle (the
 Issuer ), in which KCAP Senior Funding I Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the  Depositor ),
owns all of the KCAP Senior Funding I Subordinated Notes (as defined below), and are backed by a diversified portfolio of bank
loans. The indenture governing the KCAP Senior Funding I Notes contains an event of default that is triggered in the event that
certain coverage tests are not met. 

The secured notes (the  KCAP Senior
Funding I Secured Notes ) were issued as Class A senior secured floating rate notes which have an initial face amount of
$77,250,000, are rated AAA (sf)/Aaa (sf) by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services and Moody s Investors Service, Inc.,
respectively, and bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 1.50%, Class B senior secured floating rate notes which have an initial
face amount of $9,000,000, are rated AA (sf)/Aa2 (sf) by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services and Moody s Investors
Service, Inc., respectively, and bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus the 3.25%, Class C secured deferrable floating rate notes
which have an initial face amount of $10,000,000, are rated A (sf)/A2 (sf) by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services and
Moody s Investors Service, Inc., respectively, and bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 4.25%, and Class D secured deferrable
floating rate notes which have an initial face amount of $9,000,000, are rated BBB (sf)/Baa2 (sf) by Standard   Poor s
Ratings Services and Moody s Investors Service, Inc., respectively, and bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 5.25%. The
Depositor retained all of the subordinated notes of the Issuer (the  KCAP Senior Funding I Subordinated Notes ), which
have an initial face amount of $34,750,000. The KCAP Senior Funding I Subordinated Notes do not bear interest and are not rated.
Both the KCAP Senior Funding I Secured Notes and the KCAP Senior Funding I Subordinated Notes have a stated maturity on the payment
date occurring in July, 2024, and are subject to a two year non-call period. The Issuer has a four year reinvestment period. The
stated interest rate re-sets on a quarterly basis based upon the then-current level of the benchmark three-month LIBOR. 

On December 8, 2014, the Company completed
the sale of additional notes ( Additional Issuance Securities ) in a $56,000,000 increase to the collateralized loan
obligation transaction that originally closed on June 18, 2013 (the  Original Closing Date ). The issuance of additional
notes was proportional across all existing classes of notes issued on the Original Closing Date. 

Each class of secured Additional Issuance
Securities (all such classes, collectively, the  Additional Issuance Offered Securities ) was issued as a pari passu
sub-class of an existing class of notes issued on the Original Closing Date. Accordingly, the ratings given by Standard   Poor s
Ratings Services and Moody s Investors Service, Inc. to each existing class of notes issued on the Original Closing Date
will apply to each class of Additional Issuance Offered Securities that constitutes a related pari passu sub-class of such existing
class of notes issued on the Original Closing Date. 

The Additional Issuance Offered Securities
were issued as Class A-2 senior secured floating rate notes which have an initial face amount of $30,900,000, have a rating of
AAA (sf)/Aaa (sf) by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services and Moody s Investors Service, Inc., respectively, and
bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 1.50%, Class B-2 senior secured floating rate notes which have an initial face amount
of $3,600,000, a rating of AA (sf)/Aa2 (sf) by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services and Moody s Investors Service,
Inc., respectively, and bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 3.25%, Class C-2 secured deferrable floating rate notes which have
an initial face amount of $4,000,000, a rating of A (sf)/A2 (sf) by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services and Moody s
Investors Service, Inc., respectively, and bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 4.25%, and Class D-2 secured deferrable floating
rate notes which have an initial face amount of $3,600,000, a rating of BBB (sf)/Baa2 (sf) by Standard   Poor s Ratings
Services and Moody s Investors Service, Inc., respectively, and bear interest at three-month LIBOR plus 5.25%. The Depositor
retained all of the subordinated Additional Issuance Securities of the Issuer (the  Additional Issuance Subordinated Notes ),
which have an initial face amount of $13,900,000. The Additional Issuance Subordinated Notes do not bear interest and are not rated.
The Additional Issuance Securities have a stated maturity date of July 20, 2024 and are subject to a non-call period until the
payment date on the Additional Issuance Securities occurring in July 2015. The Issuer has a reinvestment period to and including
the payment date on the Additional Issuance Securities occurring in July 2017, or such earlier date as is provided in the indenture
relating to the Additional Issuance Securities. In connection with the Additional Issuance Offered Securities, the Company incurred
issuance costs and OID costs of approximately $584,000 and $896,000, respectively. 

As part of this transaction, the Company
entered into a master loan sale agreement with the Depositor and the Issuer under which the Company sold or contributed certain
bank loans to the Depositor, and the Depositor sold such loans to the Issuer in exchange for a combination of cash and the issuance
of the KCAP Senior Funding I Subordinated Notes to the Depositor. 

In connection with the issuance and sale
of the KCAP Senior Funding I Notes, the Company has made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the purchase agreement
by and between the Company, the Depositor, the Issuer and Guggenheim Securities, LLC, which served as the initial purchaser of
the KCAP Senior Funding I Secured Notes. The KCAP Senior Funding I Secured Notes are the secured obligations of the Issuer, and
an indenture governing the KCAP Senior Funding I Notes includes customary covenants and events of default. The KCAP Senior Funding
I Notes were sold in a private placement transaction and have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or any state  blue sky  laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
with the Securities and Exchange Commission or an applicable exemption from registration. 

The Company serves as collateral manager
to the Issuer under a collateral management agreement, which contains customary representations, warranties and covenants. Under
the collateral management agreement, the Company will perform certain investment management functions, including supervising and
directing the investment and reinvestment of the Issuer s assets, as well as perform certain administrative and advisory
functions. 

In addition, because each of the Issuer
and the Depositor are consolidated subsidiaries, the Company did not recognize any gain or loss on the transfer of any of our portfolio
assets to such vehicles in connection with the issuance and sale of the KCAP Senior Funding I Notes. 

As of September 30, 2016, there were 76
investments in portfolio companies with a total fair value of approximately $189.5 million plus cash of $10.9 million, collateralizing
the secured notes of the Issuer. At September 30, 2016, there were unamortized issuance costs of approximately $2.6 million, and
unamortized original issue discount, ( OID ) of approximately $2.4 million included in Notes issued by KCAP Senior
Funding I, LLC liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The pool of loans in the securitization must meet certain
requirements, including asset mix and concentration, collateral coverage, term, agency rating, minimum coupon, minimum spread and
sector diversity requirements. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, interest expense, including the amortization of deferred debt issuance costs and the OID was approximately $1.4 million consisting
of stated interest expense of approximately $1.0 million, accreted discount of approximately $156,000, and deferred debt issuance
costs of approximately $167,000. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest expense, including the amortization of
deferred debt issuance costs and the discount on the face amount of the notes, was approximately $4.2 million consisting of stated
interest expense of approximately $3.2 million, accreted discount of approximately $464,000, and deferred debt issuance costs of
approximately $498,000. As of September 30, 2016, the stated interest charged under the securitization was based on current three
month LIBOR at the reset date, which was 0.70%. The classes, stated interest rates, spread over LIBOR, and stated interest expense
are as follows: 

(1) Stated Interest Rate (and thus periodic interest expense),
will vary based upon prevailing 3 month LIBOR as of the reset date. 

The amounts, ratings and interest rates
(expressed as a spread to LIBOR) of the Class A, B, C, and D are as follows: 

The Company s outstanding principal
amounts, carrying values and fair values of the Class A, B, C and D Notes are as follows: 

Fair Value of KCAP Senior Funding I.    The
Company carries the KCAP Senior Funding I Notes at cost, net of unamortized discount and offering costs of approximately $2.4 million
and $2.6 million, respectively. The fair value of the KCAP Senior Funding I Notes was approximately $145.6 million and $143.8 million
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The fair values were determined based on third party indicative values.
The KCAP Senior Funding I L.L.C. Notes are categorized as Level III under ASC 820: Fair Value. 

7. DISTRIBUTABLE TAXABLE INCOME  

Effective December 11, 2006, the Company
elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code and adopted a December 31 tax-calendar year end. As a RIC, the Company is not subject
to federal income tax on the portion of its taxable income and gains distributed currently to its stockholders as a dividend. The
Company s quarterly distributions, if any, are determined by the Board of Directors. The Company anticipates distributing
substantially all of its taxable income and gains, within the Subchapter M rules, and thus the Company anticipates that it will
not incur any federal or state income tax at the RIC level. As a RIC, the Company is also subject to a federal excise tax based
on distributive requirements of its taxable income on a calendar year basis (e.g., calendar year 2016). Depending on the level
of taxable income earned in a tax year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions
into the next tax year and pay a 4% excise tax on such income, to the extent required. 

The following reconciles net increase (decrease)
in net assets resulting from operations to taxable income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Dividends from Asset Manager Affiliates are
recorded based upon a quarterly estimate of tax-basis earnings and profits of each Asset Manager Affiliate. Distributions in excess
of the estimated tax-basis quarterly earnings and profits of each distributing Asset Manager Affiliate are recognized as tax-basis
return of capital. The actual tax-basis earnings and profits and resulting dividend and/or return of capital for the year will
be determined at the end of the tax year for each distributing Asset Manager Affiliate. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Asset Manager Affiliates declared cash distributions of $2.7 million and $7.3 million to the Company, respectively.
The Company recognized $1.4 million and $4.2 million, respectively, of dividends from Asset Manager Affiliates in the Statement
of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The difference of $1.3 million and $3.1 million, respectively,
between cash distributions received and the tax-basis earnings and profits of the distributing affiliate, are recorded as an adjustment
to the cost basis in the Asset Manager Affiliate (i.e. tax-basis return of capital), for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

Distributions to shareholders that exceed
tax-basis distributable income (tax-basis net investment income and realized gains, if any) are reported as distributions of paid-in
capital (i.e., return of capital). The tax character of distributions is made on an annual (full calendar-year) basis. The determination
of the tax attributes of our distributions is made at the end of the year based upon our taxable income for the full year and the
distributions paid during the full year. Therefore, a determination of tax attributes made on a quarterly basis may not be representative
of the actual tax attributes of distributions for a full year. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had a
net capital loss carryforward of approximately $89.3 million to offset net capital gains, to the extent provided by federal tax
law. Of the net capital loss carryforward, $57.4 million is not subject to expiration under the RIC Modernization Act of 2010. 

On September 20, 2016, the Company s
Board of Directors declared a distribution to shareholders of $0.15 per share for a total of $5.5 million. The record date
was October 14, 2016 and the distribution was paid on October 27, 2016. 

The Company adopted Financial Accounting
Standards Board ASC Topic 740 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes ( ASC 740 ) as of January 1, 2007. ASC 740
provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented, and disclosed in the consolidated
financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing
the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are  more-likely-than-not  of being sustained
by the applicable tax authority. The Company recognizes the tax benefits of uncertain tax positions only where the position is
 more likely than not  to be sustained assuming examination by tax authorities. Management has analyzed the Company s
tax positions, and has concluded that no liability for unrecognized tax benefits should be recorded related to uncertain tax positions
taken on returns filed for open tax years (the last three fiscal years) or expected to be taken in the Company s current
year tax return. The Company identifies its major tax jurisdictions as U.S. Federal and New York State, and the Company is not
aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will change
materially in the next 12 months. Management s determinations regarding ASC 740 may be subject to review and adjustment at
a later date based upon factors including, but not limited to, an ongoing analysis of tax laws, regulations and interpretations
thereof. 

8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

From time-to-time the Company is a party to financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business in order to meet the needs of the Company s investment in portfolio
companies. Such instruments include commitments to extend credit and may involve, in varying degrees, elements of credit risk in
excess of amounts recognized on the Company s balance sheet. Prior to extending such credit, the Company attempts to limit
its credit risk by conducting extensive due diligence, obtaining collateral where necessary and negotiating appropriate financial
covenants. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $600,000 and $360,000 of outstanding commitments to
fund investments, respectively. 

9. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company issued 153,792 and 127,613 shares, respectively, of common stock under its dividend reinvestment
plan. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were 6,000 grants, 31,373 forfeitures, and 260,607 shares vested. On
February 14, 2013, the Company completed a public offering of 5,232,500 shares of common stock, which included the underwriters 
full exercise of their option to purchase up to 682,500 shares of common stock, at a price of $9.75 per share. In conjunction with
this offering, the Company also sold 200,000 shares of common stock to a member of its Board of Directors, at a price of $9.31125
per share, raising approximately $1.9 million in gross proceeds. On April 4, 2013, approximately $9 million of the Company s
8.75% Convertible Notes were converted at a price basis per share of $8.159 into 1,102,093 shares of KCAP common stock. On October
6, 2014, the Company priced a follow-on public offering of 3.0 million shares of its common stock at a price of $8.02 per share.
The offering raised net proceeds were approximately $23.8 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses.
The total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 37,160,770
and 37,100,005, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased 67,654 shares at an aggregate
cost of approximately $248,000 in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards. 

10. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN  

The Company has an equity incentive plan,
established in 2006 and as amended in 2008, 2014 and most recently in June 2015 (the  Equity Incentive Plan ). The
Company reserved 2,000,000 shares of common stock for issuance under the Equity Incentive Plan. The purpose of the Equity Incentive
Plan is to provide officers and employees of the Company with additional incentives and align the interests of its employees with
those of its shareholders. Options granted under the Equity Incentive Plan are exercisable at a price equal to the fair market
value (market closing price) of the shares on the day the option is granted. Restricted stock granted under the Equity Incentive
Plan is granted at a price equal to the fair market value (market closing price) of the shares on the day such restricted stock
is granted. Vesting of restricted stock awarded under the 2008 amendment of the Equity Incentive Plan will occur in two equal installments
of 50%, on each of the third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date; vesting of restricted stock subsequent to the 2014 amendment
of the Equity Incentive Plan will vest in four equal installments of 25%, on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant
date. 

Stock Options  

On June 20, 2014, the Company s Board
of Directors approved the amended and restated the Non-Employee Director Plan (the  Non-Employee Director Plan ), which
was approved by shareholders on June 10, 2011. Accordingly, the annual grant of options to non-employee directors has been discontinued
and replaced with an annual grant of shares of restricted stock as partial annual compensation for the services of the non-employee
directors. 

Information with respect to options granted,
exercised and forfeited under the Equity Incentive Plan for the period January 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

1  Represents the difference between the market value
of shares of the Company and the exercise price of the options. 

The Company uses a Binary Option Pricing
Model (American, call option) to establish the expected value of all stock option grants. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company did not recognize any non-cash compensation expense related to stock options. At September 30, 2016,
the Company had no remaining compensation costs related to unvested stock based awards. 

Restricted Stock  

Awards of restricted stock granted
under the Non-Employee Director Plan vest as follows: 50% of the shares vest on the grant date and the remaining 50% of the shares
vest on the earlier of: 

(i)  the first anniversary of such grant, or   

(ii)  the date immediately preceding the next annual meeting
of shareholders. 

On May 5, 2013, the Company s Board
of Directors approved the grant of 240,741 shares of restricted stock to the employees of the Company as partial compensation for
their services. 50% of such awards will vest on the third anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 50% of the shares will
vest on the fourth anniversary of the grant date. 

On June 14, 2013, 5,000 shares of restricted stock
were awarded to the Company s Board of Directors. 

On May 5, 2014, 5,000 shares of restricted
stock were awarded to the Company s Board of Directors. 

On June 20, 2014, the Company s Board
of Directors approved the grant of 355,289 shares of restricted stock to the employees of the Company as partial compensation for
their services. 25% of such awards will vest on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date. 

On May 21, 2015, 6,000 shares of restricted
stock were awarded to the Company s Board of Directors. 

On May 3, 2016, 6,000 shares of restricted
stock were awarded to the Company s Board of Directors. 

On June 16, 2015, the Company received
exemptive relief to repurchase shares of its common stock from its employees in connection with certain equity compensation plan
arrangements. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased 67,654 shares of common stock at an aggregate
cost of approximately $248,000 in connection with the vesting of employee s restricted stock, which is reflected as Treasury
Stock at cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. These shares are not available to be reissued under the Company s Equity
Incentive Plan. 

On June 23, 2015, the Company s Board
of Directors approved the grant of 190,166 shares, with a fair value of approximately $1.2 million, of restricted stock to the
employees of the Company as partial compensation for their services. 25% of such awards will vest on each of the first four anniversaries
of the grant date. 

On June 23, 2015, the Company s Board
of Directors also voted to amend the Equity Incentive Plan to specify that shares repurchased by the Company to satisfy employee
tax withholding requirements would not be returned to the plan reserve and could not be reissued under the Company s Equity
Incentive Plan. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, 260,607 shares of restricted stock vested and 31,373 shares of restricted stock were forfeited. As of September 30, 2016,
after giving effect to these restricted stock awards, there were 414,559 shares of restricted stock outstanding. Information with
respect to restricted stock granted, exercised and forfeited under the Plan for the period January 1, 2015 through September 30,
2016 is as follows: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
non-cash compensation expense related to restricted stock was approximately $1.2 million; of this amount approximately $472,000
was expensed at the Company, and approximately $682,000 was a reimbursable expense allocated to the Asset Manager Affiliates. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, non-cash compensation expense related to restricted stock was approximately $1.2 million;
of this amount approximately $504,000 was expensed at the Company and approximately $648,000 was a reimbursable expense allocated
to the Asset Manager Affiliates. 

Distributions are paid on all outstanding shares
of restricted stock, whether or not vested. In general, shares of unvested restricted stock are forfeited upon the recipient s
termination of employment. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $2.2 million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested restricted share awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average
period of 1.7 years. 

11. OTHER EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION  

The Company adopted a 401(k) plan ( 401K
Plan ) effective January 1, 2007. The 401K Plan is open to all full time employees. The 401K Plan permits an employee
to defer a portion of their total annual compensation up to the Internal Revenue Service annual maximum based on age and eligibility.
The Company makes contributions to the 401K Plan of up to 2% of the Internal Revenue Service s annual maximum eligible compensation,
which fully vests at the time of contribution. Approximately $1,000 and $3,000 was expensed during the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to the 401K Plan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately
$19,000 and $25,000 was expensed related to the 401K Plan. 

The Company has also adopted a deferred compensation
plan ( Profit-Sharing Plan ) effective January 1, 2007. Employees are eligible for the Profit-Sharing Plan provided
that they are employed and working with the Company to participate in at least 100 days during the year and remain employed as
of the last day of the year. Employees do not make contributions to the Profit-Sharing Plan. On behalf of the employee, the Company
may contribute to the Profit-Sharing Plan 1) up to 8.0% of all compensation up to the Internal Revenue Service annual maximum and
2) up to 5.7% excess contributions on any incremental amounts above the social security wage base limitation and up to the Internal
Revenue Service annual maximum. Employees vest 100% in the Profit-Sharing Plan after five years of service. Approximately $46,000
and $8,000 was expensed during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to the Profit-Sharing
Plan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately $138,000 and $98,000, respectively, was expensed
related to the Profit-Sharing Plan. 

12. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company has evaluated events and transactions
occurring subsequent to September 30, 2016 for items that should potentially be recognized or disclosed in these financial statements.
Management has determined that there are no material subsequent events that would require adjustment to, or disclosure in, these
consolidated financial statements. 

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,  KCAP
Financial,   Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to KCAP Financial, Inc.,
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

The information contained in this section should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report
and in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission  or the  SEC ). In
addition, some of the statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements. The matters discussed in this Quarterly
Report, as well as in future oral and written statements by management of KCAP Financial, that are forward-looking statements are
based on current management expectations that involve substantial risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate to
future events or our future financial performance. We generally identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may, 
 will,   should,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   could, 
 intends,   target,   projects,   believes,   estimates,   predicts, 
 potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other similar words. Important assumptions
include our ability to originate new investments, achieve certain margins and levels of profitability, the availability of additional
capital, and the ability to maintain certain debt to asset ratios. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of
a projection or forward-looking statement in this Quarterly Report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans
or objectives will be achieved. The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report include statements as to: 

our future operating results;   

our business prospects and the prospects of our existing and prospective portfolio companies;   

the return or impact of current and future investments;   

our contractual arrangements and other relationships with third parties;   

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest;   

the financial condition and ability of our existing and prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;   

our expected financings and investments;   

our regulatory structure and tax treatment;   

our ability to operate as a business development company and a registered investment company, including the impact of changes in laws or regulations governing our operations, or the operations of our portfolio companies;   

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital;    

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies;    

the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business;   

the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on our business;   

the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies, particularly those having no liquid trading market;   

our ability to recover unrealized losses;   

market conditions and our ability to access additional capital; and   

the timing, form and amount of any distributions.   

There are a number of important risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. For a discussion
of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report, please
see the discussion in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made
in this Quarterly Report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update
any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date this Quarterly Report is filed with the
SEC. 

GENERAL  

We are an internally managed, non-diversified
closed-end investment company that is regulated as a business development company, or BDC, under the Investment Company Act of
1940 (the  1940 Act ). We have three principal areas of investments: 

First, the Company originates, structures, and
invests in senior secured term loans and mezzanine debt primarily in privately-held middle market companies (the  Debt Securities
Portfolio ). In addition, from time to time the Company may invest in the equity securities of privately held middle market
companies. 

Second, the Company has invested in asset management
companies (Katonah Debt Advisors and Trimaran Advisors, collectively the  Asset Manager Affiliates ) that manage collateralized
loan obligation funds ( CLO Funds ). 

Third, the Company invests in debt and subordinated
securities issued by collateralized loan obligation funds ( CLO Fund Securities ). These CLO Fund Securities are primarily
managed by our Asset Manager Affiliates, but from time-to-time the Company makes investments in CLO Fund Securities managed by
other asset managers. The CLO Funds typically invest in broadly syndicated loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments. 

The Company may also invest in other investments
such as loans to publicly-traded companies, high-yield bonds and distressed debt securities. The Company may also receive warrants
or options to purchase common stock in connection with its debt investments. 

In our Debt Securities Portfolio, our investment
objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation from the investments made by our middle market
business in senior secured term loans, mezzanine debt and selected equity investments in privately-held middle market companies.
We define the middle market as comprising of companies with earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA )
of $10 million to $50 million and/or total debt of $25 million to $150 million. We primarily invest in first and second lien term
loans which, because of their priority in a company s capital structure, we expect will have lower default rates and higher
rates of recovery of principal if there is a default and which we expect will create a stable stream of interest income. The investments
in our Debt Securities Portfolio are all or predominantly below investment grade, and have speculative characteristics with respect
to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. While our primary investment focus is on making loans to, and
selected equity investments in, privately-held middle market companies, we may also invest in other investments such as loans to
smaller private companies or publicly-traded companies, high-yield bonds and distressed debt securities. We may also receive warrants
or options to purchase common stock in connection with our debt investments. 

From our Asset Manager Affiliates investment,
we expect to receive recurring cash distributions and to generate capital appreciation through the addition of new CLO Funds managed
by our Asset Manager Affiliates. We may also seek to monetize our investment in the Asset Manager Affiliates if and when business
conditions warrant. The Asset Manager Affiliates manage CLO Funds that invest in broadly syndicated loans, high-yield bonds and
other credit instruments. Collectively, the Asset Manager Affiliates have approximately $2.6 billion of par value assets under
management as of September 30, 2016. The Asset Manager Affiliates are registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and
are each managed independently from KCAP by a separate management team (however, certain of the Company s executive officers
also act in similar capacities for one or both of the Asset Manager Affiliates). 

In addition, our investments in CLO Fund Securities,
which are primarily made up of a minority investment in the subordinated securities or preferred stock of CLO Funds raised and
managed by our Asset Manager Affiliates, are anticipated to provide the Company with recurring cash distributions and complement
our investment in the Asset Manager Affiliates. 

Subject to market conditions, we intend to grow
our entire portfolio of investments by raising additional capital, including through the prudent use of leverage available to us.
As a BDC, we are limited in the amount of leverage we can incur under the 1940 Act. We are only allowed to borrow amounts such
that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200% after such borrowing. 

We have elected to be treated for U.S. federal
income tax purposes as a RIC and intend to operate in a manner to maintain our RIC status. As a RIC, we intend to distribute to
our stockholders substantially all of our net ordinary taxable income and the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over
realized net long-term capital losses, if any, for each year. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income
and asset diversification requirements. Pursuant to this election, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal
income taxes on any income that we timely distribute to our stockholders. 

PORTFOLIO AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY  

Our primary investments are: (1) lending to
and investing in middle-market businesses through investments in senior secured loans, junior secured loans, subordinated/mezzanine
debt investments, and other equity investments, which may include warrants, (2) our investments in our Asset Manager Affiliates,
which manage portfolios of broadly syndicated loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments, and (3) CLO Fund Securities. 

Total portfolio investment activity (excluding
activity in time deposit and money market investments) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and for the year
ended December 31, 2015 was as follows: 

The level of investment activity for investments
funded and principal repayments for our investments can vary substantially from period to period depending on the number and size
of investments that we invest in or divest of, and many other factors, including the amount and competition for the debt and equity
securities available to middle market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies and the general
economic environment. 

The following table shows the Company s
portfolio by security type at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Represents percentage of total portfolio at fair value. 

Includes restricted cash held under employee benefit
plans. 

Represents the equity investment in the Asset Manager
Affiliates. 

Debt Securities Portfolio  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
our investments in income producing loans and debt securities, excluding CLO Fund securities, had a weighted average interest rate
of approximately 7.1% and 7.4%, respectively. 

The investment portfolio (excluding the Company s
investment in Asset Manager Affiliates and CLO Funds) at September 30, 2016 was spread across 29 different industries and 98 different
entities with an average balance per entity of approximately $2.7 million. As of September 30, 2016, all but one of our portfolio
companies were current on their debt service obligations. 

We may invest up to 30% of our investment portfolio
in  Non-qualifying  opportunistic investments such as high-yield bonds, debt and equity securities of CLO Funds, foreign
investments, and distressed debt or equity securities of large cap public companies. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the total amount of non-qualifying assets were approximately 16% and 18%, respectively. The majority of non-qualifying assets were
foreign investments which were approximately 12% and 13% of the Company s total assets, respectively (including the Company s
investments in CLO Funds, which are typically domiciled outside the U.S. and represented approximately 12% and 13% of its total
assets on such dates, respectively). The investments in our Debt Securities Portfolio are all or predominantly below investment
grade, and therefore have speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 

The following tables detail the ten largest
portfolio companies (at fair value) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Related
party loan - See Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Excluding the Asset Manager Affiliates and
CLO Fund Securities, the Company s ten largest portfolio companies represented approximately 18% and 19% of the total fair
value of the Company s investments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The industry-related information, based on
the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, for our investment portfolio
was as follows: 

1   Calculated as a percentage of total portfolio at fair
value. 

2   Represents the equity investment in the Asset Manager
Affiliates. 

3   Includes restricted cash held under employee benefit
plans. 

CLO Fund Securities  

We typically make a minority investment in
the subordinated securities or preferred stock of CLO Funds raised and managed by our Asset Manager Affiliates and may selectively
invest in securities issued by CLO Funds managed by other asset management companies. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately
$45 million invested in CLO Fund Securities, issued primarily by funds managed by our Asset Manager Affiliates. 

The CLO Funds invest primarily in broadly syndicated
non-investment grade loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments of corporate issuers. The underlying assets in each of
the CLO Fund Securities in which we have an investment are generally diversified secured or unsecured corporate debt. 

Our CLO Fund Securities as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

Represents percentage of class held. 

A CLO Fund managed by an Asset Manager Affiliate. 

As of September 30, 2016, this CLO Fund security was
not providing a dividend distribution. 

Asset Manager Affiliates  

The Asset Manager Affiliates are our wholly-owned
asset management companies that manage CLO Funds that invest in broadly syndicated loans, high yield bonds and other credit instruments.
The CLO Funds managed by our Asset Manager Affiliates consist primarily of credit instruments issued by corporations. As of September
30, 2016, our Asset Manager Affiliates had approximately $2.6 billion of par value of assets under management on which they earn
management fees, and were valued at approximately $43 million. 

All CLO Funds managed by the Asset Manager Affiliates
are currently paying all senior and subordinate management fees. In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
our Asset Manager Affiliates received incentive fees from two funds. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The principal measure of our financial performance
is the net increase (decrease) in stockholders  equity resulting from operations, which includes net investment income
(loss) and net realized and unrealized appreciation (depreciation). Net investment income (loss) is the difference between
our income from interest, distributions, fees, and other investment income and our operating expenses. Net realized gain (loss) on
investments, is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their amortized cost.
Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments is the net change in the fair value of our investment
portfolio. 

Set forth below is a discussion of our results
of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Revenue  

Revenues consist primarily of investment income
from interest and dividends on our investment portfolio and various ancillary fees related to our investment holdings. 

Interest from Investments in Debt Securities .
We generate interest income from our investments in debt securities that consist primarily of senior and junior secured loans.
Our Debt Securities Portfolio is spread across multiple industries and geographic locations, and as such, we are broadly exposed
to market conditions and business environments. As a result, although our investments are exposed to market risks, we continuously
seek to limit concentration of exposure in any particular sector or issuer. 

Investment Income on Investments in CLO
Fund Securities . We generate investment income from our investments in the securities (typically preferred shares or subordinated
securities) of CLO Funds managed by our Asset Manager Affiliates and select investments in securities issued by CLO Funds managed
by other asset management companies. CLO Funds managed by our Asset Manager Affiliates and those managed by non-affiliates invest
primarily in broadly syndicated non-investment grade loans, high-yield bonds and other credit instruments of corporate issuers.
The Company distinguishes CLO Funds managed by its Asset Manager Affiliates as  CLO Fund Securities Managed by Affiliates ,
in its financial consolidated statements. The underlying assets in each of the CLO Funds in which we have an investment are generally
diversified secured or unsecured corporate debt. Our CLO Fund Securities that are subordinated securities or preferred shares ( junior
securities ) are subordinated to senior note holders who typically receive a return on their investment at a fixed spread
relative to the LIBOR index. The CLO Funds are leveraged funds and any excess cash flow or  excess spread  (interest
earned by the underlying securities in the fund less payments made to senior bond holders and less fund expenses and management
fees) is paid to the holders of the CLO Fund s subordinated securities or preferred shares. The level of excess spread from
CLO Fund Securities can be impacted by the timing and level of the resetting of the benchmark interest rate for the underlying
assets (which reset at various times throughout the quarter) in the CLO Fund and the related CLO Fund note liabilities (which reset
at each quarterly distribution date); in periods of short-term and volatile changes in the benchmark interest rate, the levels
of excess spread and resulting cash distributions to us can vary significantly. 

Interest income on investments in CLO equity
investments is recorded using the effective interest method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 325-40, Beneficial Interests
in Securitized Financial Assets ( ASC 325-40 ), based on the anticipated yield and the estimated cash flows over the
projected life of the investment. Yields are revised when there are changes in actual or estimated projected future cash flows
due to changes in prepayments and/or re-investments, credit losses or asset pricing. Changes in estimated yield are recognized
as an adjustment to the estimated yield prospectively over the remaining life of the investment from the date the estimated yield
was changed. Accordingly, investment income recognized on CLO equity securities in the GAAP statement of operations differs from
both the tax basis investment income and from the cash distributions actually received by the Company during the period.
As a RIC, the Company anticipates a timely distribution of its tax-basis taxable income. 

For non-junior class CLO Fund Securities, such
as our investment in the Class E notes of Catamaran 2014-1, interest is earned at a fixed spread relative to the LIBOR index. 

Distributions from Asset Manager Affiliates. 
We receive cash distributions from our investment in our Asset Manager Affiliates, which are wholly-owned and manage CLO Funds
that invest primarily in broadly syndicated non-investment grade loans, high yield bonds and other credit instruments issued by
corporations. As managers of CLO Funds, our Asset Manager Affiliates receive contractual and recurring management fees from the
CLO Funds for their management and advisory services. In addition, our Asset Manager Affiliates may also earn income related to
net interest on assets accumulated for future CLO issuances on which they have taken a first loss position in connection with loan
warehouse arrangements for their CLO Funds. The annual management fees that our Asset Manager Affiliates receive are generally
based on a fixed percentage of the par value of assets under management and are recurring in nature for the term of the CLO Fund
so long as the Asset Manager Affiliates manage the fund. As a result, the annual management fees earned by our Asset Manager Affiliates
generally are not subject to market value fluctuations in the underlying collateral. Our Asset Manager Affiliates may receive incentive
fees provided such CLO Funds have achieved a minimum investment return to holders of their subordinated securities or preferred
shares as per the terms of each CLO Fund management agreement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Asset
Manager Affiliates received incentive fees from two funds and one fund, respectively. 

The Asset Manager Affiliates are expected to
pay future distributions to the Company based upon their after-tax free cash flow, which generally will be dependent upon the maintenance
and growth in their assets under management and incentive fees. As a result of tax-basis goodwill amortization and certain other
tax-related adjustments, portions of distributions received may be deemed return of capital. As amortizing funds which are paying
incentive fees are redeemed, we expect incentive fees available for distribution to diminish. The fair value of our investment
in our Asset Manager Affiliates was approximately $43 million at September 30, 2016, with an unrealized loss during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 of approximately $12.7 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized
dividend income of approximately $0 and $1.5 million from the Asset Manager Affiliates, respectively, while cash distributions
received were $750,000 and $2.3 million for those periods, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
we recognized dividend income of approximately $1.4 million and $4.2 million from the Asset Manager Affiliates, respectively, while
cash distributions received were approximately $2.7 million and $7.3 million for those periods, respectively. The difference between
cash distributions received and the tax-basis earnings and profits is recorded as an adjustment to the cost basis of the Asset
Manager Affiliates investments. For interim periods, the Company estimates the tax attributes of any distributions as being either
tax-basis earnings and profits (i.e., dividend income) or return of capital (i.e., adjustment to the Company s cost basis
in the Asset Manager Affiliates). The final determination of the tax attributes of distributions from our Asset Manager Affiliates
is made on an annual (full calendar year) basis at the end of the year based upon taxable income and distributions for the full-year.
Therefore, any estimate of tax attributes of distributions made on a quarterly basis may not be representative of the actual tax
attributes of distributions for a full year. CLO Funds typically have automatic orderly wind-down features following an initial
period of reinvestment. Thus, with all else being equal, as managed CLO Fund portfolios age, projected future assets under management
(and associated management fees) will naturally decline, resulting in a reduction in fair value of our Asset Manager Affiliates.
On the other hand, mandates to manage new CLO Fund portfolios will generally result in an increase in the fair value of our investment
in our Asset Manager Affiliates. The aggregate of par value of assets under management by our Asset Manager Affiliates was $2.6
billion and $2.7 billion as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Capital Structuring Service Fees . We
may earn ancillary structuring and other fees related to the origination, investment, disposition or liquidation of debt and investment
securities. 

Investment Income  

Investment income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $9.0 million and $11.8 million, respectively. Of these amounts, approximately $5.2
million and $6.3 million was attributable to interest income on our Debt Securities Portfolio. 

Investment income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $28.1 million and $35.3 million, respectively. Of these amounts, approximately $16.1
million and $18.4 million was attributable to interest income on our Debt Securities Portfolio. 

The weighted average yield on our Debt Securities
Portfolio was 7.1% and 7.4% as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Investment income is primarily dependent on
the composition and credit quality of our investment portfolio. Generally, our Debt Securities Portfolio is expected to generate
predictable, recurring interest income in accordance with the contractual terms of each loan. Corporate equity securities may pay
a dividend and may increase in value for which a gain may be recognized; generally such dividend payments and gains are less predictable
than interest income on our loan portfolio. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, approximately $3.5 million and $3.9 million, respectively, of investment income was attributable to investments in CLO
Fund Securities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, approximately $10.1 million and $12.4 million, respectively,
of investment income was attributable to investments in CLO Fund Securities. On a tax-basis, the Company recognized $3.4 million
and $11.1 million of taxable distributable income on distributions from our CLO Fund Securities during the three and nine month
periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Distributions from CLO Fund Securities are dependent on the performance of the
underlying assets in each CLO Fund; interest payments, principal amortization and prepayments of the underlying loans in each CLO
Fund are primary factors which determine the level of distributions on our CLO Fund Securities. The level of excess spread from
CLO Fund Securities can be impacted by the timing and level of the resetting of the benchmark interest rate for the underlying
assets (which reset at various times throughout the quarter) in the CLO Fund and the related CLO Fund bond liabilities (which reset
at each quarterly distribution date); in periods of short-term and volatile changes in the benchmark interest rate, the levels
of excess spread and distributions to us can vary significantly. 

Expenses  

Because we are internally managed, we directly
incur the cost of management and operations. As a result, we pay no investment management fees or other fees to an external advisor.
Our expenses consist primarily of interest expense on outstanding borrowings, compensation expense and general and administrative
expenses, including professional fees. Interest and compensation expense are typically our largest expenses each period. 

Interest and Amortization of Debt Issuance
Costs . Interest expense is dependent on the average outstanding balance on our borrowings and, the base index rate for the
period. Debt issuance costs represent fees, and other direct costs incurred in connection with the Company s borrowings.
These amounts are capitalized and amortized ratably over the expected term of the borrowing. 

Compensation Expense . Compensation expense
includes base salaries, bonuses, stock compensation, employee benefits and employer-related payroll costs. The largest components
of total compensation costs are base salaries and bonuses; generally, base salaries are expensed as incurred and annual bonus expenses
are estimated and accrued. Our compensation arrangements with our employees contain a profit sharing and/or performance based bonus
component. Therefore, as our net revenues increase, our compensation costs may also rise. In addition, our compensation expenses
may also increase to reflect increased investment in personnel as we grow our products and businesses. 

Professional Fees and General and Administrative
Expenses . The balance of our expenses includes professional fees (primarily legal, accounting, valuation and other professional
services), occupancy costs and general administrative and other costs. 

Total expenses for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $4.5 million and $5.2 million, respectively. Interest expense and amortization on debt issuance
costs for the periods, were approximately $2.1 million and $3.0 million, respectively, on average debt outstanding of $186 million
and $227 million, respectively. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, approximately $1.2 million and $892,000, respectively, of expenses were attributable to employee compensation, including
salaries, bonuses, employee benefits, payroll taxes and stock-based compensation expense. For the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, professional fees and insurance expenses totaled approximately $802,000 and $869,000. Administrative
costs, which include occupancy expense, technology and other office expenses, totaled approximately $372,000 and $469,000 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Total expenses for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $13.7 million and $16.4 million, respectively. Interest expense and amortization on debt issuance
costs for the periods, were approximately $7.0 million and $9.0 million, respectively, on average debt outstanding of $193 million
and $227 million, respectively. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, approximately $3.2 million and $3.0 million, respectively, of expenses were attributable to employee compensation, including
salaries, bonuses, employee benefits, payroll taxes and stock-based compensation expense. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, professional fees and insurance expenses totaled approximately $2.2 million and $3.0 million. Administrative
costs, which include occupancy expense, technology and other office expenses, totaled approximately $1.3 million and $1.5 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Net Investment Income and Net Realized Gains (Losses)  

Net investment income and net
realized gains (losses) represents the net change in stockholder s equity before net unrealized appreciation or
depreciation on investments. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, net investment income and net realized gains were
approximately $9.2 million, or $0.25 per share. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, net investment income and net
realized losses were approximately $309,000 or $0.01 per share. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net investment
income and net realized losses were approximately $8.3 million, or $0.22 per share. For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, net investment income and net realized losses were approximately $12.7 million or $0.35 per share. Net investment
income represents the income earned on our investments less operating and interest expense before net realized gains or
losses and unrealized appreciation or depreciation on investments. On February 29, 2016, Katonah X CLO Ltd. was fully
liquidated and all of its outstanding obligations were satisfied. The Company received approximately $1.0 million in
connection therewith related to its investment in the subordinated securities issued by Katonah X CLO Ltd. Accordingly, the
Company recorded a realized loss during the first quarter of 2016 of approximately $6.6 million on its investment in Katonah
X CLO Ltd. and a corresponding unrealized gain of the same amount in order to reverse the approximately $6.6 million of
previously recorded unrealized depreciation with respect to the investment. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, GAAP-basis net investment income was approximately $4.5 million or $0.12 per share, and $6.5 million or $0.18 per
share, respectively, while estimated tax-basis distributable income was approximately $4.6 million or $0.12 per share and
$7.8 million or $0.21 per share, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, GAAP-basis net
investment income was approximately $14.4 million or $0.39 per share, and $18.9 million or $0.51 per share, respectively,
while estimated tax-basis distributable income was approximately $14.9 million or $0.40 per share and $21.1 million or $0.57
per share, respectively. 

Net Unrealized (Depreciation) Appreciation on Investments  

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, our total investments had net unrealized depreciation of approximately $6.4 million. During the three months ended September
30, 2015, our total investments had net unrealized depreciation of approximately $16.2 million. For the three months ended September
30, 2016, our Asset Manager Affiliates had net unrealized depreciation of approximately $1.1 million. For the three months ended
September 30, 2015, our Asset Manager Affiliates had net unrealized depreciation of approximately $8.9 million. For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, our portfolio of debt securities and equity securities had net unrealized depreciation of approximately
$4.1 million, compared with net unrealized depreciation of $6.9 million during the third quarter of 2015. For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, our CLO Fund Securities had net unrealized depreciation of approximately $1.1 million compared with net
unrealized depreciation of $415,000 during the third quarter of 2015. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, our total investments had net unrealized depreciation of approximately $9.3 million. During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, our total investments had net unrealized depreciation of approximately $19.8 million. For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, our Asset Manager Affiliates had net unrealized depreciation of approximately $12.7 million. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, our Asset Manager Affiliates had net unrealized depreciation of approximately $5.1 million. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, our portfolio of debt securities and equity securities had net unrealized depreciation of approximately
$2.4 million, compared with net unrealized depreciation of $8.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, our CLO Fund Securities had net unrealized appreciation of approximately $5.8 million compared
with net unrealized depreciation of $6.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Change in Stockholder s Equity Resulting From Operations  

The net increase in stockholders  equity
resulting from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.7 million, or $0.07 per share. Net decrease in stockholders 
equity resulting from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was $16.1 million, or $0.43 per share. 

The net decrease in stockholders  equity
resulting from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.1 million, or $0.03 per share. Net decrease in stockholders 
equity resulting from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $7.1 million, or $0.19 per share. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY, AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet
potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay borrowings, fund and maintain investments, pay distributions
to our stockholders and other general business needs. We recognize the need to have funds available for operating our business
and to make investments. We seek to have adequate liquidity at all times to cover normal cyclical swings in funding availability
and to allow us to meet irregular and unexpected funding requirements. We plan to satisfy our liquidity needs through normal operations
with the goal of avoiding unplanned sales of assets or emergency borrowing of funds. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
the fair value of investments and cash were as follows: 

We use borrowed funds, known as  leverage, 
to make investments and to attempt to increase returns to our shareholders by reducing our overall cost of capital. As a BDC, we
are limited in the amount of leverage we can incur under the 1940 Act. We are only allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset
coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200% after such borrowing. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately
$181.4 million of par value of outstanding borrowings and our asset coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings was 207%,
compliant with the minimum asset coverage level of 200% generally required for a BDC by the 1940 Act. We may also borrow amounts
of up to 5% of the value of our total assets for temporary purposes. 

On March 15, 2016, the Convertible Notes matured
and were repaid in full. 

On October 10, 2012, the Company issued $41.4
million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured 7.375% Notes Due 2019. The net proceeds for the 7.375% Notes Due 2019, following
underwriting expenses, were approximately $39.9 million. Interest on the 7.375% Notes Due 2019 is paid quarterly in arrears on
March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30, at a rate of 7.375%, commencing December 30, 2012. The 7.375% Notes Due 2019 mature
on September 30, 2019, and are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. In addition, due to the coverage test applicable to
the Company as a BDC and a covenant that the Company agreed to in connection with the issuance of the 7.375% Notes Due 2019, the
Company is limited in its ability to make distributions if its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is below 200% at the
time of the declaration of the distribution. At September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants.
The indenture governing the 7.375% Notes Due 2019 contains certain restrictive covenants, including compliance with certain provisions
of the 1940 Act relating to borrowing and dividends. During the second quarter of 2016, the Company repurchased approximately $2.4
million par value of the 7.375% notes due 2019 at a weighted average price of $25.23 per $25.00 note, resulting in a realized loss
on extinguishment of $71,190. KCAP subsequently surrendered these notes to the Trustee for cancellation. During the third quarter
of 2016, $5.0 million par value of the 7.375% notes due 2019 was redeemed by the Company, resulting in a realized loss on extinguishment
of $88,015. 

On June 18, 2013, KCAP Senior Funding I, LLC,
a specialty finance subsidiary of the Company, was capitalized through the issuance of $140 million of notes (the  KCAP Senior
Funding I Notes ). The KCAP Senior Funding I Notes are backed by a diversified portfolio of bank loans. The Company invested
in the most junior class of the notes, issued in the approximate amount of $35 million, representing the Company s primary
exposure to the performance of the assets acquired from the proceeds of the issuance of the KCAP Senior Funding I Notes. On December
8, 2014, the Company completed the sale of additional KCAP Senior Funding I Notes for $56 million. The issuance of additional notes
was pro-rata across all existing classes of notes originally issued. KCAP purchased an additional $13.9 million in the most junior
class of notes. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, these junior notes eliminate in consolidation and the remaining
notes with a par value of $147.4 million are reflected on our consolidated balance sheet, net of $2.4 million and $2.9 million
of unamortized discount and $2.6 million and $3.1 million of debt offering costs, respectively. The indenture governing the KCAP
Senior Funding I Notes contains an event of default that is triggered in the event that certain coverage tests are not met. 

On October 6, 2014, the Company priced a follow-on
public offering of 3.0 million shares of its common stock at a price of $8.02 per share. The offering raised net proceeds were
approximately $23.8 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. 

Subject to prevailing market conditions, we intend
to grow our portfolio of assets by raising additional capital, including through the prudent use of leverage available to us. However,
we may face difficulty in obtaining a new debt and equity financing as a result of current market conditions. In this regard, because
our common stock has traded at a price below our current net asset value per share over the last year or so and we are limited
in our ability to sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share without stockholder approval (which we currently
do not have), we have been and may continue to be limited in our ability to raise equity capital. From time to time, we may seek
to retire, repurchase, or exchange debt securities in open market purchases or by other means dependent on market conditions, liquidity,
contractual obligations, and other matters. In addition, we evaluate strategic opportunities available to us and/or the Asset Manager
Affiliates, including mergers, divestures, spin-offs, joint ventures and other similar transactions from time to time. 

Stockholder Distributions  

We intend to continue to make quarterly distributions
to our stockholders. To avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we generally endeavor to distribute during each calendar year
an amount at least equal to the sum of: 

98% of our ordinary net taxable income for the calendar year;   

98.2% of our capital gains, if any, in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year; and   

any net ordinary income and net capital gains for the preceding year that were not distributed during such year and on which we do not pay corporate tax.   

We may choose to carry forward taxable income
in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a 4% excise tax on such income, to the extent required. 

The amount of our declared distributions, as
evaluated by management and approved by our Board of Directors, is based primarily on our evaluation of our distributable taxable
income and the after-tax free cash flow from our Asset Manager Affiliates. 

We will be prohibited by the 1940 Act and the
indenture governing our 7.375% Notes from making distributions on our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940
Act, falls below 200%. In any such event, we would be prohibited from making distributions required in order to maintain our status
as a RIC. 

The following table sets forth the quarterly
distributions declared by us since 2014. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  

We are a party to financial instruments with
off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business in order to meet the needs of the Company s investment objectives.
Such instruments include commitments to extend credit and may involve, in varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of
amounts recognized on our balance sheet. Prior to extending such credit, we attempt to limit our credit risk by conducting extensive
due diligence, obtaining collateral where necessary and negotiating appropriate financial covenants. As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company had approximately $600,000 and $360,000 of commitments to make such investments, respectively. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS  

The following table summarizes our contractual
cash obligations and other commercial commitments as of September 30, 2016: 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

The consolidated financial statements are based
on the selection and application of critical accounting policies, which require management to make significant estimates and assumptions.
Critical accounting policies are those that are both important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations
and require management s most difficult, complex, or subjective judgments. Our critical accounting policies are those applicable
to the basis of presentation, valuation of investments, and certain revenue recognition matters as discussed below. See Note 2
to our consolidated financial statements, contained elsewhere herein: Significant Accounting Policies   Investments. 

Valuation of Portfolio Investments   

The most significant estimate inherent in the
preparation of our consolidated financial statements is the valuation of investments and the related amounts of unrealized appreciation
and depreciation of investments recorded. 

Value, as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of 1940
Act, is (1) the market price for those securities for which a market quotation is readily available and (2) for all other securities
and assets, fair value as determined in good faith by our Board of Directors pursuant to procedures approved by our Board of Directors.
Our valuation policy is intended to provide a consistent basis for determining the fair value of the portfolio based on the nature
of the security, the market for the security and other considerations including the financial performance and enterprise value
of the portfolio company. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, the Board of Directors  determined values may
differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for the investments, and the differences
could be material. 

Pursuant to the AICPA Guide, we reflect our investments
on our balance sheet at their determined fair value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected
as a component of unrealized gains or losses on our statements of operations. Fair value is the amount that would be received to
sell the investments in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price). 

See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements
for the additional information about the level of market observability associated with investments carried at fair value. 

The Company follows the provisions of ASC 820:
Fair Value, which among other matters, requires enhanced disclosures about investments that are measured and reported at fair value.
This standard defines fair value and establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market
price observability used in measuring investments at fair value and expands disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at
fair value. ASC 820: Fair Value defines  fair value  as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. This fair value definition
focuses on an exit price in the principal, or most advantageous market, and prioritizes, within a measurement of fair value, the
use of market-based inputs (which may be weighted or adjusted for relevance, reliability and specific attributes relative to the
subject investment) over entity-specific inputs. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type
of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment. Investments with readily available active quoted prices or for
which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability
and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value. Subsequent to the adoption of ASC 820: Fair Value, the FASB has issued
various staff positions clarifying the initial standard (see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements:  Significant
Accounting Policies   Investments ). 

ASC 820: Fair Value establishes the following
three-level hierarchy, based upon the transparency of inputs to the fair value measurement of an asset or liability as of the measurement
date: 

Level I  Unadjusted quoted prices are available in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. The type of investments included in Level I include listed equities and listed securities. As required by ASC 820: Fair Value, the Company does not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where the Company holds a large position and a sale could reasonably affect the quoted price.   

Level II  Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Such inputs may be quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full character of the financial instrument, or inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market information. Investments which are generally included in this category include illiquid debt securities and less liquid, privately held or restricted equity securities, for which some level of recent trading activity has been observed.   

Level III   Pricing inputs are unobservable for the investment and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs may be based on the Company s own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability or may use Level II inputs, as adjusted, to reflect specific investment attributes relative to a broader market assumption. These inputs into the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data for comparable performance or valuation measures (earnings multiples, discount rates, other financial/valuation ratios, etc.) are available, such investments are grouped as Level III if any significant data point that is not also market observable (private company earnings, cash flows, etc.) is used in the valuation methodology.   

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure
fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair
value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment
of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and the Company considers
factors specific to the investment. The majority of the Company s investments are classified as Level III. The Company evaluates
the source of inputs, including any markets in which its investments are trading, in determining fair value. Inputs that are backed
by actual transactions, those that are highly correlated to the specific investment being valued and those derived from reliable
or knowledgeable sources will tend to have a higher weighting in determining fair value. The Company s fair value determinations
may include factors such as an assessment of each underlying investment, its current and prospective operating and financial performance,
consideration of financing and sale transactions with third parties, expected cash flows and market-based information, including
comparable transactions, performance factors, and other investment or industry specific market data, among other factors. 

We have valued our investments, in the absence
of observable market prices, using the valuation methodologies described below applied on a consistent basis. For some investments
little market activity may exist; management s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available
in the circumstances, and may incorporate management s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of management s
judgment. 

Our investments in CLO Fund Securities are carried
at fair value, which is based either on (i) the present value of the net expected cash inflows for interest income and principal
repayments from underlying assets and the cash outflows for interest expense, debt paydown and other fund costs for the CLO Funds
which are approaching or past the end of their reinvestment period and therefore are selling assets and/or using principal repayments
to pay-down CLO Fund debt, and for which there continue to be net cash distributions to the class of securities we own, or (ii)
a discounted cash flow model that utilizes prepayment and loss assumptions based on historical experience and projected performance,
economic factors, the characteristics of the underlying cash flow and comparable yields for similar securities or preferred shares
to those in which the Company has invested, or (iii) indicative prices provided by the underwriters or brokers who arrange CLO
Funds. We recognize unrealized appreciation or depreciation on our investments in CLO Fund Securities as comparable yields in the
market change and/or based on changes in net asset values or estimated cash flows resulting from changes in prepayment or loss
assumptions in the underlying collateral pool. As each investment in CLO Fund Securities ages, the expected amount of losses and
the expected timing of recognition of such losses in the underlying collateral pool are updated and the revised cash flows are
used in determining the fair value of the CLO Fund Securities. We determine the fair value of our investments in CLO Fund Securities
on a security-by-security basis. 

The Company s investments in its wholly-owned
Asset Manager Affiliates are carried at fair value, which is primarily determined utilizing a discounted cash flow model which
incorporates different levels of discount rates depending on the hierarchy of fees earned (including the likelihood of realization
of senior, subordinate and incentive fees) and prospective modeled performance ( Discounted Cash Flow ). Such valuation
takes into consideration an analysis of comparable asset management companies and a percentage of assets under management. The
Asset Manager Affiliates are classified as a Level III investment (as described above). Any change in value from period to period
is recognized as net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 

Fair values of other investments for which market
prices are not observable are determined by reference to public market or private transactions or valuations for comparable companies
or assets in the relevant asset class and/or industry when such amounts are available. Generally these valuations are derived by
multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset (e.g., EBITDA) by the relevant valuation multiple observed
for comparable companies or transactions, adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparable.
Such investments may also be valued at cost for a period of time after an acquisition as the best indicator of fair value. If the
fair value of such investments cannot be valued by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies, then the
primary analytical method used to estimate the fair value is a discounted cash flow method and/or cap rate analysis. A sensitivity
analysis is applied to the estimated future cash flows using various factors depending on the investment, including assumed growth
rates (in cash flows), capitalization rates (for determining terminal values) and appropriate discount rates to determine a range
of reasonable values or to compute projected return on investment. 

For bond rated note tranches of CLO Fund Securities
(those above the junior class) without transactions to support a fair value for the specific CLO Fund and tranche, fair value is
based on discounting estimated bond payments at current market yields, which may reflect the adjusted yield on the leveraged loan
index for similarly rated tranches, as well as prices for similar tranches for other CLO Funds and also other factors such as indicative
prices provided by underwriters or brokers who arrange CLO Funds, and the default and recovery rates of underlying assets in the
CLO Fund, as may be applicable. Such model assumptions may vary and incorporate adjustments for risk premiums and CLO Fund specific
attributes. 

We derive fair value for our illiquid loan investments
that do not have indicative fair values based upon active trades primarily by using the Income Approach, and also consider recent
loan amendments or other activity specific to the subject asset as described above. Other significant assumptions, such as coupon
and maturity, are asset-specific and are noted for each investment in the Schedules of Investments. 

The determination of fair value using this methodology
takes into consideration a range of factors, including but not limited to the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature
of the investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, current and projected
operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. This valuation methodology involves
a significant degree of management s judgment. 

Our Board of Directors may consider other methods
of valuation to determine the fair value of investments as appropriate in conformity with GAAP. 

Interest Income   

Interest income, including amortization of premium
and accretion of discount, is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. We generally
place a loan on non-accrual status and cease recognizing interest income on such loan or security when a loan or security becomes
90 days or more past due or if we otherwise do not expect the debtor to be able to service its debt obligations. Non-accrual loans
remain in such status until the borrower has demonstrated the ability and intent to pay contractual amounts due or such loans become
current. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was one issuer representing less than 1% of our total investments
at fair value on non-accrual status. 

Investment Income on CLO Fund Securities   

We receive distributions from our investments
in the most junior class of securities of CLO Funds (typically preferred shares or subordinated securities) managed by the Asset
Manager Affiliates and selective investments in securities issued by funds managed by other asset management companies. Our CLO
Fund junior class securities are subordinated to senior note holders who typically receive a return on their investment at a fixed
spread relative to the LIBOR index. The CLO Funds are leveraged funds and any excess cash flow or  excess spread  (interest
earned by the underlying securities in the fund, less payments made to senior note holders and less fund expenses and management
fees) is paid to the holders of the CLO Fund s subordinated securities or preferred shares. The level of excess spread from
CLO Fund securities can be impacted from the timing and level of the resetting of the benchmark interest rate for the underlying
assets (which reset at various times throughout the quarter) in the CLO Fund and the related CLO Fund note liabilities (which reset
at each quarterly distribution date); in periods of short-term and volatile changes in the benchmark interest rate, the levels
of excess spread and distributions to us can vary significantly. In addition, the failure of CLO Funds in which we invest to comply
with certain financial covenants may lead to the temporary suspension or deferral of cash distributions to us. 

GAAP-basis investment income on CLO equity
investments is recorded using the effective interest method in accordance with the provisions of ASC 325-40, based on the anticipated
yield and the estimated cash flows over the projected life of the investment. Yields are revised when there are changes in actual
or estimated projected future cash flows due to changes in prepayments and/or re-investments, credit losses or asset pricing. Changes
in estimated yield are recognized as an adjustment to the estimated yield prospectively over the remaining life of the investment
from the date the estimated yield was changed. Accordingly, investment income recognized on CLO equity securities in the GAAP statement
of operations differs from both the tax-basis investment income and from the cash distributions actually received by the Company
during the period. 

For non-junior class CLO Fund Securities, such
as our investment in the class E notes of Catamaran 2014-1, interest is earned at a fixed spread relative to the LIBOR index. 

Distributions from Asset Manager Affiliates   

We record distributions from our Asset Manager
Affiliates on the declaration date, which represents the ex-dividend date. Distributions in excess of tax-basis earnings and profits
are recorded as tax-basis return of capital. For interim periods, the Company estimates the tax attributes of any distributions
as being either tax-basis earnings and profits (i.e. dividend income) or return of capital (i.e. adjustment to the Company s
cost basis in the Asset Manager Affiliates). The final determination of the tax attributes of distributions from our Asset Manager
Affiliates is made on an annual (full calendar year) basis at the end of the year based upon taxable income and distributions for
the full-year. Therefore, any estimate of tax attributes of distributions made on a quarterly basis may not be representative of
the actual tax attributes of distributions for a full year. 

Payment in Kind Interest   

We may have loans in our portfolio that contain
a payment-in-kind ( PIK ) provision. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in each loan agreement,
is added to the principal balance of the loan and recorded as interest income. To maintain our RIC status, this non-cash source
of income must be distributed to stockholders in the form of cash dividends, even though the Company has not yet collected any
cash. 

Fee Income   

Fee income includes fees, if any, for due diligence,
structuring, commitment and facility fees, and fees, if any, for transaction services and management services rendered by us to
portfolio companies and other third parties. Commitment and facility fees are generally recognized as income over the life of the
underlying loan, whereas due diligence, structuring, transaction service and management service fees are generally recognized as
income when the services are rendered. 

Management Compensation   

We may, from time to time, issue stock options
or restricted stock, under the Equity Incentive Plan, to officers and employees for services rendered to us. We follow Accounting
Standards Codification 718, Compensation   Stock Compensation, a method by which the fair value of options or restricted
stock is determined and expensed. 

United States Federal Income Taxes   

The Company has elected and intends to continue
to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code and, among other things, intends to make the
required distributions to its stockholders as specified therein. In order to qualify as a RIC, the Company is required to timely
distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each year. Depending
on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions
into the next tax year and pay a 4% excise tax on such income, to the extent required. 

Distributions to Shareholders   

The amount of our declared distributions, as
evaluated by management and approved by our Board of Directors, is based primarily on our evaluation of distributable taxable income
and after-tax free cash flow from our Asset Manager Affiliates. 

The following table sets forth the quarterly
distributions declared by us since the most recent completed calendar year. 

The following table depicts the composition of shareholder distributions
on a per share basis: 

Table
may not foot due to rounding.  

The
 Available for distribution  financial measure is a non-GAAP financial measure that is calculated by including the cash
distributed to the Company by the Asset Manager Affiliates in excess of their taxable earnings to the Company's taxable distributable
income, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. In order to reconcile the  Available for distribution 
financial measure to taxable distributable income per share in accordance with GAAP, the $0.02 and $0.03 per share of cash distributed
to the Company by the Asset Manager Affiliates in excess of their taxable earnings is subtracted from the  Available for
distribution  financial measure for the three and nine months ended September, 30, 2016, respectively. The Company's management
believes that the presentation of the non-GAAP  Available for distribution  financial measure provides useful information
to investors.  

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    

Our business activities contain elements of
market risks. We consider our principal market risk to be fluctuations in interest rates. Managing these risks is essential to
our business. Accordingly, we have systems and procedures designed to identify and analyze our risks, to establish appropriate
policies and thresholds and to continually monitor these risks and thresholds by means of administrative and information technology
systems and other policies and processes. 

Interest Rate Risk   

Interest rate risk is defined as the sensitivity
of our current and future earnings to interest rate volatility, variability of spread relationships, the difference in re-pricing
intervals between our assets and liabilities and the effect that interest rates may have on our cash flows. Changes in the general
level of interest rates can affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest
earning assets and our interest expense incurred in connection with our interest bearing debt and liabilities. Changes in interest
rates can also affect, among other things, our ability to acquire and originate loans and securities and the value of our investment
portfolio. 

Our investment income is affected by fluctuations
in various interest rates, including LIBOR and prime rates. As of September 30, 2016, approximately 97.5% of our debt securities
portfolio were either fixed rate or floating rate with a spread to an interest rate index such as LIBOR or the prime rate. Most
of these floating rate loans contain LIBOR floors ranging between 0.75% and 3.00%. We generally expect that future portfolio investments
will predominately be floating rate investments. As of September 30, 2016, we had $181.4 million of borrowings outstanding at a
current weighted average rate of 3.76%. 

Because we borrow money to make investments,
our net investment income is dependent upon the difference between our borrowing rate and the rate we earn on the invested proceeds
borrowed. In periods of rising or lowering interest rates, the cost of the portion of our debt associated with our 7.375% Notes
Due 2019 would remain the same at 7.375%, given that this debt is at a fixed rate. The Notes issued by KCAP Senior Funding are
floating rate based upon a LIBOR index plus a spread, which serves as a floor should LIBOR decrease to zero. Accordingly, our interest
costs associated with this debt will fluctuate with changes in LIBOR. 

Generally we would expect that an increase in
the base rate index for our floating rate investment assets would increase our gross investment income and that a decrease in the
base rate index for such assets would decrease our gross investment income (in either case, such increase/decrease may be limited
by interest rate floors/minimums for certain investment assets). 

We have analyzed the potential impact of changes
in interest rates on interest income net of interest expense. Assuming that our balance sheet at September 30, 2016 was to remain
constant and no actions were taken to alter the existing interest rate sensitivity, the table below illustrates the impact on net
investment income on our Debt Securities Portfolio for various hypothetical increases in interest rates: 

As shown above, net investment income assuming
a 1% increase in interest rates would increase by approximately $426,000 on an annualized basis, reflecting the impact to investments
in our portfolio that are either fixed rate or which have embedded floors that would be unaffected by a 1% change in the underlying
interest rate while our interest expense would be increasing. However, if the increase in rates was more significant, such as 2%
or 3%, the net effect on net investment income would be an increase of approximately $1.2 million. Since LIBOR underlying certain
investments, as well as certain of our borrowings, is currently low, it is unlikely that the underlying rate will decrease by 1%
or 2% or even 3%. If the underlying rate decreased to 0%, it would result in approximately an $956,000 increase in net investment
income. 

Although management believes that this measure
is indicative of sensitivity to interest rate changes on our Debt Securities Portfolio, it does not adjust for potential changes
in credit quality, size and composition of the assets on the balance sheet and other business developments that could affect a
net change in assets resulting from operations or net income. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would
not materially differ from the potential outcome simulated by this estimate. 

We did not hold any derivative financial instruments
for hedging purposes as of September 30, 2016. 

Portfolio Valuation   

We carry our investments at fair value, as determined
in good faith by our Board of Directors pursuant to a valuation methodology approved by our Board of Directors. Investments for
which market quotations are generally readily available are generally valued at such market quotations. Investments for which there
is not a readily available market value are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board of Directors under a
valuation policy and consistently applied valuation process. However, due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value
of investments that cannot be marked to market, the fair value of our investments may differ materially from the values that would
have been used had a ready market existed for such investments. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events
that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the value realized on these investments to be different than the valuations
that are assigned. The types of factors that we may take into account in fair value pricing of our investments include, as relevant,
the nature and realizable value of any collateral, third party valuations, the portfolio company s ability to make payments
and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly-traded
securities, recent sales of or offers to buy comparable companies, and other relevant factors. 

The Company has engaged an independent valuation
firm to provide third party valuation consulting services to the Company s Board of Directors. Each quarter, the independent
valuation firm will perform third party valuations on the Company s material investments in illiquid securities such that
they are reviewed at least once during a trailing 12-month period. These third party valuation estimates were considered as one
of the relevant data inputs in the Company s determination of fair value. The Company intends to continue to engage an independent
valuation firm in the future to provide certain valuation services, including the review of certain portfolio assets, as part of
the quarterly and annual year-end valuation process. 

Item 4.   
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure    

None. 

Item 5.   
       Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

The Company s management, under the supervision
and with the participation of various members of management, including its Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and its
Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation,
the Company s CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of
the end of the period covered by this report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. Other Information  

Item 1.   
       Legal   Proceedings     

The Company is not currently a party to any material
legal proceedings. 

Item 1A.   
        Risk Factors      

There have been no material changes from the
risk factors previously disclosed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2.   
        Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      

While we did not engage in any sales of unregistered
securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016, we issued a total of 24,181 shares of common stock under our dividend
reinvestment plan ( DRIP ). This issuance was not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of
1933. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the aggregate value of the shares of our common stock issued under our DRIP
was approximately $101,000. 

Item 3.   
        Defaults Upon Senior Securities      

None. 

Item 4.   
        Mine Safety Disclosures      

Not Applicable. 

Item 5.   
        Other Information      

None. 

Item 6.   
        Exhibits      

Reference is made to the Exhibit List filed as
a part of this report beginning on page E-1. Each of such exhibits is incorporated by reference herein. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

KCAP FINANCIAL, INC.   

Date: November 2, 2016    
       
      By     
      /s/ Dayl W. Pearson   

Dayl W. Pearson   

President and Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

Date: November 2, 2016    
       
      By     
      /s/ Edward U. Gilpin   

Edward U. Gilpin   

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

* * * * * 

Exhibit Index  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451648_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS AMENDED  

I, Dayl W. Pearson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of KCAP Financial, Inc. (the  registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 2, 2016    
       
      By:    
      /
     S / D ayl  W. P earson     

Dayl W. Pearson    

President and Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451648_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  

  AS AMENDED  

I, Edward U. Gilpin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of KCAP Financial, Inc. (the  registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 2, 2016    
        By:    
      /
    S / E dward  U. G ilpin    

Edward U. Gilpin    

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451648_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED
STATES CODE,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly
Report of KCAP Financial, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ),
I, Dayl W. Pearson, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted
pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 2, 2016    
        By:    
      /
    S / D ayl  W. P earson    

Dayl W. Pearson    

President and Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451648_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED
STATES CODE,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly
Report of KCAP Financial, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ),
I, Edward U. Gilpin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 2, 2016    
       
        By:  
      /
    S / E dward  U. G ilpin    

Edward U. Gilpin    

Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer)    

</EX-32.2>

