<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1107694_0001107694-16-000099_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5733110</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128929</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>485008</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2220524</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2024532</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>732010</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001107694-16-000099.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109131140
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001107694-16-000099
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RACKSPACE HOSTING, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001107694
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				743016523
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34143
		FILM NUMBER:		161983472

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 FANATICAL PL
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78218
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2103124000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 FANATICAL PL
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78218

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RACKSPACE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RACKSPACE MANAGED HOSTING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000725

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RACKSPACE COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000224

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001107694-16-000099.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 rax0930201610-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
     FORM 10-Q       
  (Mark one) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  . 

For the transition period from ______ to ______. 
    
  Commission file number 001-34143 
  RACKSPACE HOSTING, INC.  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    74-3016523 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (IRS Employer 
  Identification No.) 

1 Fanatical Place    
  City of Windcrest    
  San Antonio, Texas 78218    
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
    
  (210) 312-4000    
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes     R      No    o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (     232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes     R      No    o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer   R 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 
      
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes   o      No   R     
    
  On   November 4, 2016  ,   100   shares of the registrant s Common Stock, $0.01 par value, were outstanding.  

RACKSPACE HOSTING, INC. 
     TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                   Part I - Financial Information 
      
      Item 1. 
    Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
     3 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 and 2016  
     4 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 and 2016  
     5 
        
     Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
     6 
      Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     17 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     41 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
     42 

Part II - Other Information 
      
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
     43 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
     43 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     44 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
     44 

Signatures  
      
     45 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
    
  References to  we,   our,   our company,   us,   the company,   Rackspace Hosting,  or  Rackspace  refer to Rackspace Hosting, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.     We have made forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are subject to the  safe harbor  created by those sections. The forward-looking statements in this report are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as  anticipates,   aspires,   believes,   can,   continue,   could,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   predicts,   projects,   seeks,   should,   will  or  would  or the negative of these terms and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including our expectation of deceleration of the year-over-year growth rate. We discuss in greater detail many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in Part I, Item 1A  "Risk Factors," contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31,   2015  . We believe it is important to communicate our expectations to our investors. However, there may be events in the future that we are not able to predict accurately or over which we have no control. The risks described in  Risk Factors,  within our Annual Report, as well as any other cautionary language in this report, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements. You should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in  Risk Factors  within our Annual Report and elsewhere in this report could harm our business. 
    
  Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read this document completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
    
  TRADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS  
    
  Rackspace        and Fanatical Support        are service marks of Rackspace US, Inc. registered in the United States and other countries. Other trademarks and tradenames appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. We do not intend our use or display of other companies  tradenames, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

RACKSPACE HOSTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -    3   - 

Table of Contents  

RACKSPACE HOSTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -    4   - 

Table of Contents  

RACKSPACE HOSTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -    5   - 

Table of Contents  

RACKSPACE HOSTING, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

1  .   Company Overview, Subsequent Events, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies     
    
  Nature of Operations 
    
  As used in this report, the terms  Rackspace,   Rackspace Hosting,   we,   our company,   the company,   us,  or  our  refer to Rackspace Hosting, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our operations began in 1998 as a limited partnership, and Rackspace Hosting, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in March 2000. We are a provider of managed cloud services in the business information technology ("IT") market and serve our customers from our data centers on   four   continents. We help customers tap the power of cloud computing by delivering world-class service on some of the world's leading technology platforms. We are experts in IT, so our customers do not have to be. 
    
  Subsequent Events  
    
  On   November 3, 2016   (the  Closing Date ), Rackspace was acquired by an entity controlled by funds affiliated with or controlled by Apollo Global Management, LLC and its subsidiaries ("Apollo"). Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated as of   August 26, 2016  , on the Closing Date, Inception Merger Sub, Inc. ( Merger Sub ), a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Inception Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), merged with and into Rackspace, with Rackspace surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the  Merger ).  
    
  At the effective time of the Merger, subject to certain exceptions, each share of common stock of Rackspace that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger was cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive   $32.00   per share in cash, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes. Total consideration paid to Rackspace's equityholders at closing of the Merger was approximately   $4.1 billion   (the  Merger Consideration ) based on the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding and based on payments required to be made under the Merger Agreement to certain holders of Rackspace stock options and Rackspace stock-based awards. In addition, a total of up to approximately   $213.2 million   will be payable under the Merger Agreement to certain holders of Rackspace stock-based awards following the closing of the Merger, subject to the continued employment of such holders or their experiencing a qualifying termination of employment, with up to approximately   $103.1 million   payable in 2017, up to approximately   $80.2 million   payable in 2018, and up to approximately   $29.8 million   payable in 2019. 
    
  In connection with the Merger, the following events occurred, which are collectively referred to as the "Transactions": 

Funds affiliated with or controlled by Apollo and certain co-investors, including certain funds managed by Searchlight Capital Partners, L.P., directly or indirectly contributed an aggregate amount of approximately   $1.2 billion   in cash, which amount was contributed to Merger Sub and used to fund a portion of the Merger Consideration and to pay fees and expenses related to the Transactions; 

Merger Sub entered into the following debt arrangements: 
                
    A   five  -year   $225.0 million   senior secured first lien revolving credit facility, which was undrawn on the Closing Date; 
                
    A   seven  -year   $2,000.0 million   senior secured first lien term loan credit facility, which was fully drawn on the Closing Date; and 

On the Closing Date, at the direction of Rackspace, the trustee for Rackspace's existing   6.5%   Senior Notes due   2024   (the "6.5% Notes") delivered a notice of redemption (the "Redemption Notice") to holders of the 6.5% Notes. The Redemption Notice provided for Rackspace's redemption of the 6.5% Notes on December 5, 2016 (the "Redemption Date") at the redemption price set forth in the Indenture governing the 6.5% Notes (the "6.5% Notes Indenture"). Rackspace satisfied and discharged its obligations under the 6.5% Notes Indenture on the Closing Date by depositing with the trustee funds sufficient to pay the redemption price on the Redemption Date. 

Rackspace terminated its existing   $200.0 million   unsecured revolving facility, under which   no   borrowings were outstanding as of the Closing Date. 
       
  As a result of the Merger, all obligations of Merger Sub under the debt arrangements described above became obligations of Rackspace as of the effective time of the Merger. 
  
   -    6   - 

     Table of Contents  

During the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded   $3.6 million   and   $3.9 million  , respectively, of costs in connection with the Merger. These costs are included in  general and administrative  expense on our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
    
  References to "our board," "the board," and similar phrases throughout this report refer to the Board of Directors of Rackspace as it was constituted immediately prior to the Merger. 
    
  Basis of Consolidation 
    
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Rackspace Hosting, Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries, which include, among others, Rackspace US, Inc., our domestic operating entity, and Rackspace Limited, our United Kingdom operating entity. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  Foreign currency translation adjustments arising from differences in exchange rates from period to period are included in the foreign currency translation adjustment account in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The income tax expense allocated to foreign currency translation adjustments during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $0.1 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively. There was   no   income tax expense allocated during the   three   or   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Unaudited Interim Financial Information 
    
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements as of   September 30, 2016  , and for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , are unaudited and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all financial information and disclosures required by GAAP for complete financial statements, and certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted. These unaudited interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as of   December 31, 2015   included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on   June 13, 2016   (the "Amended   2015   Annual Consolidated Financial Statements"). The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the Amended   2015   Annual Consolidated Financial Statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of our financial position as of   September 30, 2016  , our results of operations for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , and our cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  . 
    
  The results of operations for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  , or for any other interim period, or for any other future year. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to accounts receivable and customer credits, property and equipment, fair values of intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets, fair value of share-based compensation, contingencies, and income taxes, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from our estimates. 
    
  Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  Our Amended   2015   Annual Consolidated Financial Statements include an additional discussion of the significant accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. There were no material changes to our significant accounting policies and estimates during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

-    7   - 

     Table of Contents  

Revision to Prior Period Financial Statements 
    
  As described in our Amended   2015   Annual Consolidated Financial Statements, we have retrospectively revised our financial statements for all periods presented to reflect the correction of an immaterial error for under-reported license expense and the related income tax effect. The impact of this revision on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   is as follows: 

During the second quarter of 2016, we reached an agreement with the license vendor to settle our liability for the under-reported license expense with a cash payment of   $10.5 million  . Under the terms of the agreement, the vendor legally released us from any additional claims or obligations with respect to certain software license usage for the prior impacted periods. Upon payment in June 2016, we recorded a   $4.7 million   benefit to license expense within "Cost of revenue" in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, reflecting the difference between the cash payment of   $10.5 million   and the total contractual liability of   $15.2 million   we had accrued as of March 31, 2016. 
  
   -    8   - 

     Table of Contents  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued a new standard on revenue recognition. The core principle of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the standard requires capitalization of incremental costs to obtain a contract and significantly expanded quantitative and qualitative disclosures. In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance which deferred the effective date by one year. The standard will become effective for Rackspace on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Upon adoption, the new guidance will be applied retrospectively using one of two methods. One method is to apply the guidance retrospectively to each prior period presented with practical expedients available. The second method is to apply the guidance retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial application. We are continuing to evaluate our method of adoption and the impact this new accounting standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued a new standard on the recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities that requires entities to measure most equity investments, except those accounted for under the equity method, at fair value and recognize changes in fair value in net income. The standard will become effective for Rackspace on January 1, 2018 and will be applied using a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact this new accounting standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued a new standard on lease accounting that will require lessees to recognize all leases with a term greater than 12 months on the balance sheet, as a lease liability and right-of-use asset. Lease classification will determine whether a lease is reported as a financing transaction in the income statement and statement of cash flows. Additionally, the new standard substantially changes sale-leaseback accounting and replaces current build-to-suit lease accounting guidance. The standard will become effective for Rackspace on January 1, 2019. We anticipate this standard will have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets, and we are currently evaluating its impact. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance that simplifies several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This new guidance will become effective for Rackspace on January 1, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued a new standard that requires financial assets measured at amortized cost to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected using an allowance for expected credit losses, to be estimated by management based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The movement from an incurred loss model, required under current GAAP, to an expected loss model will result in the timelier recording of credit losses on financial instruments. This new guidance will become effective for Rackspace on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and will be applied through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued a new standard to provide clarification on how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard addresses eight specific cash flow issues where diversity in practice exists. The standard will become effective for Rackspace on January 1, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

-    9   - 

Table of Contents  

2. Net Income Per Share 
    
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share:  

We excluded   5.2 million   and   4.1 million   potential common shares from the computation of dilutive net income per share for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively, and   3.8 million   and   4.4 million   potential shares for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively, because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

3. Property and Equipment, net  
    
  Property and equipment, net, at   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016   consisted of the following:  

The composition of the work in process balance was as follows: 

-    10   - 

Table of Contents  

4. Goodwill  
    
  As described in Note   12  , "  Segment Information  ," beginning in the first quarter of 2016, we changed our presentation of segment information to reflect changes in the way our business is managed. This resulted in a change to our operating segments and reporting units. We allocated goodwill to our new reporting units using a relative fair value approach.  
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, we reduced goodwill by   $0.7 million   in connection with the sale of our Jungle Disk business. During the third quarter of 2016, we sold our Cloud Sites business and reduced goodwill by an additional   $0.2 million  . See Note   11  , "  Gain on Sale  " for more information on these transactions. There were   no   additional changes to goodwill during 2016.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the goodwill balance by operating segment was as follows: 

5. Cost-Method Investments  
    
  We have several direct investments accounted for under the cost method. The aggregate carrying amount of these investments, which are recorded as "Other non-current assets" in the consolidated balance sheets, was   $11.6 million   and   $22.8 million   as of   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  , respectively.   We hav  e determined that it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of these investments. If we identify events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of these investments, we will then estimate their fair values and determine if any decline in the fair value of the investments below carrying value is other-than-temporary  .   No events or circumstances indicating a potential impairment were identified as of   September 30, 2016  . 

-    11   - 

Table of Contents  

6. Debt  
    
  Debt consisted of:  

Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  We are party to a   $200 million   unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility"). As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   no   outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and   $0.4 million   of undrawn letters of credit. As of the same date, we were   in compliance with all of the covenants under this facility  . 
    
  Senior Notes due 2024 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding principal amount of the   6.5%   Senior Notes due 2024 (the "Senior Notes") was   $500 million  . The Senior Notes will mature on   January 15, 2024   and bear interest at a rate of   6.5%   per year, payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year. The first interest payment was made on   July 15, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we were   in compliance with all covenants under the Senior Notes indenture  .  
    
  The fair value of the Senior Notes as of   September 30, 2016   was   $547.5 million  , based on quoted market prices for identical assets that are traded in over-the-counter secondary markets that are not considered active. The fair value of the Senior Notes is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

-    12   - 

Table of Contents  

7  .   Contingencies    
    
  We have contingent liabilities resulting from various litigation, claims and commitments. We record accruals for loss contingencies when losses are considered probable and can be reasonably estimated. The amount that will ultimately be paid related to these matters may differ from the recorded accruals, and the timing of such payments is uncertain.  
    
  We are a party to various claims that certain of our services and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, products, or services, and may also cause us to change our business practices and require development of non-infringing products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenue for us or otherwise harm our business. We have disputed the allegations in these proceedings and intend to vigorously defend ourselves in all such matters. 
    
  We cannot predict the impact, if any, that any of the matters described above may have on our business, results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. Because of the inherent uncertainties of such matters, including the early stage and lack of specific damage claims in many of them, we cannot estimate the range of possible losses from them. 
    
  Rackspace,   each member of Rackspace's Board of Directors, Apollo, Parent and Merger Sub   have been named as defendants in a putative class action challenging the merger between Apollo and Rackspace in the Court of Chancery of the   State of Delaware  . The suit is captioned   Luger   v.   Rackspace Hosting Inc., et al.   (Case No. 12819) (filed   October 11, 2016  ).   The complaint alleges that the Proxy Statement fails to disclose material information to Rackspace stockholders and that the Rackspace Board breached its fiduciary duties by failing to ensure that such disclosure was made. The complaint seeks rescission, damages, and injunctive relief. The complaint also alleges that Rackspace, Apollo, Parent and Merger Sub have aided and abetted the Rackspace Board's breach of its fiduciary duties.     Rackspace believes the allegations of the complaint are without merit and intends to defend against the lawsuit vigorously.    

8. Share-Based Compensation 
    
  Share-based compensation expense was recognized as follows:  

As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $163.0 million   of unrecognized compensation cost, which will be recognized using the straight-line method over a weighted average period of   2.7 years  . 

-    13   - 

Table of Contents  

9. Taxes  
    
  We are subject to U.S. federal income tax and various state, local, and international income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of revenue and expenses in different jurisdictions and the timing of recognizing revenue and expenses. As such, our effective tax rate is impacted by the geographical distribution of income and mix of profits in the various jurisdictions. Additionally, the amount of income taxes paid is subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we file. 
     
  We expect a taxable profit in the U.S. and U.K. for the full year   2016   before consideration of excess tax benefits, and therefore we anticipate utilizing benefits of tax deductions related to share-based compensation in   2016  . As a result, we have recognized an excess tax benefit in the U.S. and U.K. during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  On July 27, 2015, in Altera Corp. v. Commissioner, the U.S. Tax Court issued an opinion related to the treatment of share-based compensation expense in an intercompany cost-sharing arrangement. At this time, the U.S. Department of the Treasury has not withdrawn the requirement to include share-based compensation from its regulations, and the Internal Revenue Service filed a notice of appeal to the Ninth Circuit of Appeals on February 19, 2016. Until a final decision has been reached, we will continue to monitor developments related to the regulation and the possible impact, if any, of those developments on the consolidated financial statements. 

10.   Share Repurchase Program    
    
  Our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program under which shares may be repurchased from time to time through both open market and privately negotiated transactions. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   $133.2 million  , or   6.0 million   shares, of our common stock on the open market under this program; these shares were subsequently retired.  

11  .   Gain on Sale    
    
  During 2016, we sold certain assets of   two   non-strategic product lines, resulting in a total pre-tax gain of   $12.5 million   and   $37.0 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, reported within  Gain on sale  in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
    
  On January 5, 2016, we completed the sale of certain assets of our Jungle Disk business, consisting primarily of intellectual property with an immaterial remaining net book value, for total consideration of   $27.0 million  . After adjustments for the net book value of the assets, goodwill, and transaction costs, we recorded a pre-tax gain of   $24.5 million  . 
    
  On August 25, 2016, we completed the sale of certain assets of our Cloud Sites business, consisting primarily of intellectual property with an immaterial remaining net book value, and entered into a transition services agreement with the buyer. Under the transition services agreement, we will provide certain services, mainly hosting and email services, over a transition period of up to   18   months and will sell specified data center equipment to the buyer at the conclusion of the transition period. Total consideration for this arrangement was   $39.0 million  , for which a cash payment of   $31.4 million   was received on August 25, 2016, with an additional   $3.5 million   placed in escrow for general representations and warranties and the remaining   $4.0 million   due upon transfer of the data center equipment at the end of the transition period. In addition, the transition services agreement requires monthly payments from the buyer for hosting services. These monthly payments, together with   $23.1 million   of the arrangement consideration classified as deferred revenue, represent fair value for the services and will be recognized as the services are provided over the estimated period of   18   months. The remaining   $15.9 million   of arrangement consideration was allocated to the sale of the business; after adjustments for the net book value of the assets, goodwill, and transaction costs, we recorded a pre-tax gain of   $12.5 million  . 

-    14   - 

Table of Contents  

12  .   Segment Information    
    
  Rackspace operates solely as a provider of managed cloud services in the business information technology market. Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, we have revised our reportable segments to present Americas and International. These reportable segments are the result of changes in our organization effective January 1, 2016 and represent the way we report both Net revenue and Income before income taxes, which are the primary financial metrics our chief operating decision maker ("CODM") uses to manage our business, including the allocation of resources and performance assessment. In addition, these metrics are inputs for measuring achievement in our non-equity incentive compensation plan and certain performance-vesting equity awards. 
    
   Revenue is attributed to each geographic segment based on the location of the Rackspace support team serving the customer. There are no internal revenue transactions between our segments. The Americas segment includes revenue from customers who are supported by Rackspace support teams located primarily in the U.S. and, to a lesser extent, in Latin America. The International segment includes revenue from customers who are supported by Rackspace support teams located in countries outside the U.S. and Latin America. 
    
  Direct costs, including employee-related costs of our customer support teams and data center employees, costs to lease and operate our data centers, and selling and marketing expenses are recorded by each segment. Certain expenses related to functions centrally managed by the Americas segment, such as research and development expenses, amortization of internally developed software, and many of our general and administrative expenses, are recorded by the Americas segment and are not allocated. In addition, gains on the sale of certain assets of non-strategic product lines, as described in Note   11  , "  Gain on Sale  ," have been reflected in the Americas segment. Segment information for total assets and capital expenditures is not presented as this information is not used by our CODM in measuring segment performance or allocating resources between segments. 
    
  Information related to our segments is as follows: 

-    15   - 

     Table of Contents  

We offer a broad portfolio of integrated IT solutions (products) for common business needs across   four   primary form factors:  

Single Tenant provides servers and storage space dedicated to a single customer. The latter can deploy either a traditional managed hosting or private cloud environment. For customers who either run legacy applications, have high security or compliance needs, or run applications with consistently high usage patterns, Single Tenant hosting solutions are preferable and more cost effective than do-it-yourself or public cloud alternatives. 

Public Cloud provides computing resources on an as-needed basis. Rackspace's Public Cloud is based on OpenStack technology and customers' workloads run on a shared pool of servers, storage, and networking resources. Customers who have workloads with variable needs find this a cost-effective solution as they are charged on a pay-as-you-go basis.  

Cloud Office provides outsourced management of applications for email, Microsoft Office 365, and collaboration tools such as Microsoft SharePoint. Email hosting represents the predominant source of revenue and these products are offered on a monthly subscription model with tiered pricing levels based upon number of users and support levels.  

Managed Cloud Services resells Amazon Web Services or Microsoft Azure infrastructure and provides managed services on top of it. Managed Cloud Services demand is driven by the adoption of public clouds and the customers' lack of in-house resources to manage these complex cloud platforms.  
       
  Net revenue by product line is as follows:   

-    16   - 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION   
  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is intended to help readers understand our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this document and with the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The MD A is organized as follows: 
             
     Overview    - Discussion of the nature of our business and overall analysis of financial highlights and key metrics in order to provide context for the remainder of the MD A. 
                
     Results of Operations    - An analysis of our financial results comparing the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  . 
                
     Liquidity and Capital Resources    - Discussion of our financial condition, sources of liquidity, changes in cash flows and capital expenditure requirements. 
                
     Supplemental Information    - Description and reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures used throughout this MD A and financial information and key metrics for the most recent five quarters. 
       
  This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. See  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  contained elsewhere in this document.  

Overview 
    
  Description of our Business 
    
  Rackspace is a leading global multi-cloud solutions provider in the business information technology ("IT") market. Rackspace was founded in 1998 and has grown its revenue every year since inception (from zero to over $2 billion). As a global company, we sell our services in more than 120 countries and serve our customers from 11 data centers located on four continents. We help customers tap the power of cloud computing by delivering world-class service on some of the world's leading technology platforms. We are experts in IT, so our customers do not have to be. 
    
  We primarily market our services to Fortune 2000 companies. These companies often do not possess the resources and scale to cost-effectively employ an in-house IT department to meet their data service needs or deploy infrastructure to host their applications. Workloads are rapidly increasing in scale and complexity for businesses of all sizes, and many of our target clients need flexible, sophisticated and secure solutions only experts can offer. As such, the industry is shifting from in-house IT to outsourced solutions.  
    
  We have two reportable segments: Americas and International. Revenue is attributed to each geographic segment based on the location of the Rackspace support team serving the customer. The Americas segment includes revenue from customers who are supported by Rackspace support teams located primarily in the U.S. and, to a lesser extent, in Latin America, and the International segment includes revenue from customers who are supported by Rackspace support teams located in countries outside the U.S. and Latin America. 

-    17   - 

     Table of Contents  

Subsequent Events 
    
  On November 3, 2016 (the  Closing Date ), Rackspace was acquired by an entity controlled by funds affiliated with or controlled by Apollo Global Management, LLC and its subsidiaries ("Apollo"). Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated as of August 26, 2016, on the Closing Date, Inception Merger Sub, Inc. ( Merger Sub ), a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Inception Parent, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), merged with and into Rackspace, with Rackspace surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the  Merger ). 
  At the effective time of the Merger, subject to certain exceptions, each share of common stock of Rackspace that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger was cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive $32.00 per share in cash, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes. Total consideration paid to Rackspace's equityholders at closing of the Merger was approximately $4.1 billion (the  Merger Consideration ) based on the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding and based on payments required to be made under the Merger Agreement to certain holders of Rackspace stock options and Rackspace stock-based awards. In addition, a total of up to approximately $213.2 million will be payable under the Merger Agreement to certain holders of Rackspace stock-based awards following the closing of the Merger, subject to the continued employment of such holders or their experiencing a qualifying termination of employment, with up to approximately $103.1 million payable in 2017, up to approximately $80.2 million payable in 2018, and up to approximately $29.8 million payable in 2019. 
    
  In connection with the Merger, the following events occurred, which are collectively referred to as the "Transactions": 

Funds affiliated with or controlled by Apollo and certain co-investors, including certain funds managed by Searchlight Capital Partners, L.P., directly or indirectly contributed an aggregate amount of approximately $1.2 billion in cash, which amount was contributed to Merger Sub and used to fund a portion of the Merger Consideration and to pay fees and expenses related to the Transactions; 

Merger Sub entered into the following debt arrangements: 
                
    A five-year $225.0 million senior secured first lien revolving credit facility, which was undrawn on the Closing Date; 
                
    A seven-year $2,000.0 million senior secured first lien term loan credit facility, which was fully drawn on the Closing Date; and 

On the Closing Date, at the direction of Rackspace, the trustee for Rackspace's existing 6.5% Senior Notes due 2024 (the "6.5% Notes") delivered a notice of redemption (the "Redemption Notice") to holders of the 6.5% Notes. The Redemption Notice provided for Rackspace's redemption of the 6.5% Notes on December 5, 2016 (the "Redemption Date") at the redemption price set forth in the Indenture governing the 6.5% Notes (the "6.5% Notes Indenture"). Rackspace satisfied and discharged its obligations under the 6.5% Notes Indenture on the Closing Date by depositing with the trustee funds sufficient to pay the redemption price on the Redemption Date. 

Rackspace terminated its existing $200.0 million unsecured revolving facility, under which no borrowings were outstanding as of the Closing Date. 
       
  As a result of the Merger, all obligations of Merger Sub under the debt arrangements described above became obligations of Rackspace as of the effective time of the Merger. 
    
  During the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded   $3.6 million   and   $3.9 million  , respectively, of costs in connection with the Merger. These costs are included in  general and administrative  expense on our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
    
  References to "our board," "the board," and similar phrases throughout this report refer to the Board of Directors of Rackspace as it was constituted immediately prior to the Merger. 

-    18   - 

     Table of Contents  

Revision to Prior Period Financial Statements 
    
  As described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and in Item 1 of Part I, "Financial Statements - Note   1  ,   Company Overview, Subsequent Events, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  ," we have retrospectively revised our financial statements for all periods presented to reflect the correction of an immaterial error for under-reported license expense and the related income tax effect.  
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, we reached an agreement with the license vendor to settle our liability for the under-reported license expense with a cash payment of   $10.5 million  . Under the terms of the agreement, the vendor legally released us from any additional claims or obligations with respect to certain software license usage for the prior impacted periods. Upon payment in June 2016, we recorded a   $4.7 million   benefit to license expense within "Cost of revenue" in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, reflecting the difference between the cash payment of   $10.5 million   and the total contractual liability of   $15.2 million   we had accrued as of March 31, 2016. 
    
  Financial Highlights and Key Metrics 
    
  We carefully track several financial and operational metrics to monitor and manage our growth, financial performance, and capacity. Our key metrics are structured around growth, profitability, capital efficiency and infrastructure capacity and utilization. 
    
  The following discussion includes the presentation of constant currency revenue growth, Adjusted EBITDA, and Return on Capital, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s performance, financial position, or cash flows that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally included or excluded in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may calculate non-GAAP measures differently, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. We believe constant currency revenue growth, Adjusted EBITDA, and Return on Capital provide helpful information with respect to evaluating our performance. We have reconciled each of these non-GAAP measures to the applicable most directly comparable GAAP measure in the  Supplemental Information  section of this MD A. 

-    19   - 

     Table of Contents  

Growth 

Total net revenue for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016     decreased     $7 million  , or   1.4%  , from the   three   months ended   June 30, 2016  . Net revenue growth was   negatively   impacted by a   stronger   U.S. dollar relative to other foreign currencies on a sequential quarter basis. Net revenue for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   would have been approximately   $8 million     higher   had foreign exchange rates remained constant from the   three   months ended   June 30, 2016  , resulting in a constant currency revenue growth rate of   0.1%  .  
    
  On a year-over-year basis, net revenue grew   $7 million  , or   1.4%  , due, in part, to the favorable impact of a large, multi-year agreement that began to materialize in the third quarter of 2015. Net revenue for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   includes the   negative   impact of approximately   $15 million   due to changes in foreign exchange rates, resulting in a constant currency growth rate of   4.4%  . In addition, the sale of certain assets of our Jungle Disk business in January 2016 had a negative impact on revenue of   $3 million   when compared to the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  The sale of our Cloud Sites business in August 2016 had an immaterial impact on our quarterly revenue growth on both a sequential and year-over-year basis, as the negative impact from the sale was offset by revenue earned from ongoing hosting and other services we are providing to the buyer under a transition services agreement as described in "Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements - Note   11  ,   Gain on Sale  ." 
    
  We had a total of   113,131   servers deployed as of   September 30, 2016  ,   a decrease   of   5,523   servers from   September 30, 2015   and   a decrease   of   1,100   servers from   June 30, 2016  . During the   third   quarter of   2016  , we decommissioned approximately 2,800 servers due to the migration of customers on our legacy public cloud platform onto our OpenStack public cloud. The decommissioned equipment was fully depreciated and retired as of   September 30, 2016  . 

-    20   - 

     Table of Contents  

Profitability 

On a sequential quarter basis, operating income margin and net income margin increased   130   basis points and   70   basis points, respectively, primarily due to a gain in the third quarter on the sale of our Cloud Sites business, which contributed 240 basis points and 160 basis points to third quarter operating income margin and net income margin, respectively. Operating income margin and net income margin were also positively impacted by lower employee-related expenses reflecting the impact of decreased non-equity incentive bonus expense due to a lower bonus payout percentage. The positive impact of these items was partially offset by a $12 million increase in sequential license expense, as second quarter license expense was positively impacted by a $4.7 million benefit related to a previously recorded contractual obligation that was settled in the second quarter and a $3.8 million benefit from the release of certain other license accruals during the second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin   decreased     160   basis points to   34.2%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   35.8%   for the three months ended   June 30, 2016  , primarily due to the negative impact of higher license expense in the third quarter. 
    
  On a year-over-year basis, operating income margin   increased     280   basis points to   13.6%   and net income margin   increased     50   basis points to   7.5%  , primarily due to the positive impact of the gain on sale on the third quarter of 2016 results as described above. The positive impact on our net income margin was offset by a $7 million increase in interest expense related to our Senior Notes issued in November 2015 and an increase in our effective tax rate from   30.4%   to   35.7%  . Adjusted EBITDA margin   decreased     40   basis points to   34.2%   reflecting the impact of decreased non-equity incentive bonus expense due to a lower bonus payout percentage, partially offset by increased license and internal software support and maintenance expenses. 

-    21   - 

     Table of Contents  

Capital Efficiency, Infrastructure Capacity and Utilization 

(1) 
    Megawatts under contract at period end represents data center capacity for which we have a contract enabling us to take control of the space.    
               (2) 
    Megawatts available for customer use at period end represents data center capacity that is built-out and is being used to provide service to customers.     
       
  Capital expenditures in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016     decreased   to   $66.2 million   from   $82.1 million   in the   three   months ended   June 30, 2016   due to a reduction in customer gear server purchases. Higher capital expenditures in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   were mainly due to increased purchases of customer gear to support the opening of a new London data center. 
    
  On a sequential quarter basis, Return on Assets ("ROA")   increased   from   7.1%   for the   three   months ended   June 30, 2016   to   7.6%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   due to higher net income, as previously described. Return on Capital ("ROC")   decreased   from   16.4%   for the   three   months ended   June 30, 2016   to   14.8%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to a decrease in sequential quarter income from operations, as adjusted for the gain on sale recorded in the third quarter. The positive impact of a   3%     decrease   in the average capital base was partially offset by a higher effective tax rate. The   decrease   in our average capital base also resulted in   an increase   in capital turnover, from   2.11   for the   three   months ended   June 30, 2016   to   2.16   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  On a year-over-year basis, ROA   decreased   from   8.0%   to   7.6%   as the   13%     increase   in our average total assets more than offset the   9%     increase   in net income. ROC   increased   from   14.7%   to   14.8%   primarily due to a   6%     decrease   in our average capital base and, to a lesser extent, an   increase   in income from operations, adjusted for the gain on sale recorded in the third quarter of 2016. These positive impacts to ROC were partially offset by   an increase   in our effective tax rate. Capital turnover   increased   to   2.16   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   2.00   for the same period of   2015   due to the   decrease   in average capital base discussed above.  

-    22   - 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations    
    
  The following tables set forth our results of operations for the specified periods and as a percentage of our revenue for those same periods. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of future results. 
    
  Consolidated Statements of Income: 

Consolidated Statements of Income, as a Percentage of Net Revenue: 

Due to rounding, totals may not equal the sum of the line items in the table above. 

-    23   - 

     Table of Contents  

Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to   Three Months Ended     September 30, 2015 
    
  Net Revenue 
    
  Net revenue   increased     $7 million  , or   1%  , primarily due to both the acquisition of new customers and incremental services rendered to existing customers. In particular, net revenue for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   was favorably impacted by a large, multi-year agreement that began to materialize in the third quarter of 2015.  
    
  Net revenue was   negatively   impacted by a   stronger   U.S. dollar relative to the functional currencies of our foreign operations, as net revenue for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   would have been   $15 million     higher   had foreign exchange rates remained constant from the prior year. In addition, the sale of our Jungle Disk business in January 2016 had a negative impact on net revenue of $3 million when compared to the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The sale of our Cloud Sites business in August 2016 had an immaterial impact on net revenue for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as the negative impact from the sale was offset by revenue earned from ongoing hosting and other services we are providing to the buyer under a transition services agreement as described in Item 1 of Part I, "Financial Statements - Note 11, Gain on Sale." 
    
  Net revenue for the Americas segment   increased     $18 million  , or   5%  , to   $389 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $372 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Net revenue for the International segment   decreased     $10 million  , or   7%  , to   $127 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $137 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Cost of Revenue 
    
  Cost of revenue primarily consists of employee-related costs of our customer support teams and data center employees, as well as the costs to lease and operate our data centers. Many of our data center costs vary with the volume of services sold, including power, bandwidth, software licenses and costs related to maintenance and the replacement of IT equipment components.  
    
  Cost of revenue   increased     $11 million  , or   6%  , largely due to a $5 million increase in expenses related to our managed cloud offerings on third party clouds. Employee-related expenses increased $4 million driven by a 5% increase in average headcount to support business growth, higher average salaries, and an increase in employee paid time off expense due to a modification of our paid time off benefit policy that resulted in lower expense in 2015. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in non-equity incentive bonus expense due to a lower bonus payout percentage. License costs increased $3 million, reflecting higher volume to support our growth.  
    
  As a percentage of net revenue, cost of revenue   increased     160   basis points, from   34.0%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   35.6%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . This increase was driven by a 100 basis point increase in third party cloud expenses and a 60 basis point increase in employee-related expenses. 
    
  Research and Development Expenses 
    
  Research and development expenses are mainly costs for employees and consultants who are focused on the deployment of new technologies to address emerging trends and the development and enhancement of proprietary tools. 
    
  Research and development expenses   decreased     $5 million  , or   18%  , primarily due to a decrease in employee-related expenses driven by a 14% decline in average headcount and lower non-equity incentive bonus expense due to a lower bonus payout percentage. As a percentage of net revenue, research and development expenses   decreased     120   basis points, from   5.9%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   4.7%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Sales and Marketing Expenses 
    
  Sales and marketing expenses consist of employee-related costs of our sales and marketing employees, including sales commissions, compensation paid to certain channel partners, and costs for advertising and promoting our services and to generate customer demand.  
    
  Sales and marketing expenses   increased     $2 million  , or   2%  , as an increase in employee-related expenses was partially offset by a decrease in professional fees. As a percentage of net revenue, sales and marketing expenses   increased     20   basis points, from   12.1%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   12.3%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  .   
  
   -    24   - 

     Table of Contents  

General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  General and administrative expenses include employee-related and facility costs for functions such as finance and accounting, human resources, information technology, and legal, as well as professional fees, general corporate costs and overhead.  
    
  General and administrative expenses   decreased     $2 million  , or   3%  . Employee-related expenses decreased $7 million driven by a 2% decrease in average headcount, lower non-equity incentive bonus expense due to a lower bonus payout percentage, and lower share-based compensation expense. These decreases were partially offset by $4 million of costs incurred in connection with the Merger. As a percentage of net revenue, general and administrative expenses   decreased     70   basis points, from   17.3%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   16.6%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of our data center equipment, leasehold improvements and infrastructure, and amortization of our customer-based intangible assets related to acquisitions, internally-developed technology, and software licenses purchased from third-party vendors.  
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense of   $101 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   did not fluctuate significantly from the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of net revenue, depreciation and amortization expense   decreased     30   basis points, from   19.9%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   19.6%   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Gain on Sale 
    
  On August 25, 2016, we completed the sale of our Cloud Sites business resulting in a pre-tax gain of   $12.5 million  . See "Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements - Note   11  ,   Gain on Sale  " for more information on this transaction. 
    
  Other Income (Expense) 
    
  Other expense increased   $6 million  , from   $4 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $10 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to interest expense of $8 million on our Senior Notes issued in November 2015. 
    
  Income before Income Taxes 
    
  Income before income taxes   increased     $9 million  , or   17%  . Income before income taxes for the Americas segment   increased     $14 million   to   $32 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $18 million   for the same period of 2015, driven by the   $12.5 million   gain on sale as described above. Income before income taxes for the International segment   decreased     $5 million  , to   $28 million   from   $33 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  Our effective tax rate   increased   from   30.4%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   35.7%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The differences between our effective tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% principally result from our geographical distribution of taxable income, tax credits, contingency reserves for uncertain tax positions and permanent differences between the book and tax treatment of certain items. Our U.S. earnings are generally taxed at higher rates than our foreign earnings. 
    
  Net Income 
    
  Net income   increased     $3 million  , or   9%  . Net income per diluted share was   $0.30   in the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $0.05   from the same period of   2015  . Net income per diluted share for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   includes the   positive impact   of a   9%     decrease   in our weighted-average diluted shares outstanding, primarily due to the purchase and retirement of shares under our share repurchase program. 

-    25   - 

Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015    
    
  The following tables set forth our results of operations for the specified periods and as a percentage of our revenue for those same periods. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of future results. 
    
  Consolidated Statements of Income: 

Consolidated Statements of Income, as a Percentage of Net Revenue: 

Due to rounding, totals may not equal the sum of the line items in the table above. 

-    26   - 

     Table of Contents  

Net Revenue 
    
  Net revenue   increased     $79 million  , or   5%  , primarily due to both the acquisition of new customers and incremental services rendered to existing customers. In particular, net revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was favorably impacted by a large, multi-year agreement that began to materialize in the third quarter of 2015. 
    
  Net revenue was   negatively   impacted by a   stronger   U.S. dollar relative to the functional currencies of our foreign operations, as net revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   would have been   $28 million     higher   had foreign exchange rates remained constant from the prior year. In addition, the sale of our Jungle Disk business in January 2016 had a negative impact on revenue of $9 million when compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Net revenue for the Americas segment   increased     $81 million  , or   8%  , to   $1,159 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $1,078 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Net revenue for the International segment   decreased     $2 million  , or less than 1%, to   $399 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $401 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Cost of Revenue 
    
  Cost of revenue   increased     $35 million  , or   7%  . This was primarily due to a $28 million increase in employee-related expenses driven by a 7% increase in average headcount to support business growth, higher average salaries, and an increase in employee paid time off expense due to a modification of our paid time off benefit policy that resulted in lower expense in 2015. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in non-equity incentive bonus expense due to a lower bonus payout percentage. In addition, expenses related to our managed cloud service offerings on third party clouds increased $10 million. Data center costs increased $1 million as higher maintenance expense was mostly offset by a decrease in rent and electricity due in part to the consolidation of our London data centers into our new, more efficient facility, which opened in 2015. As a percentage of net revenue, cost of revenue   increased     50   basis points, from   33.9%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   34.4%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Research and Development Expenses 
    
  Research and development expenses   decreased     $16 million  , or   17%  , due to a decrease in employee-related expenses driven by a 13% decrease in average headcount, lower share-based compensation expense, and lower non-equity incentive bonus expense due to a lower bonus payout percentage, partially offset by an increase in employee paid time off expense due to a modification of our paid time off benefit policy that resulted in lower expense in 2015. As a percentage of net revenue, research and development expenses   decreased     130   basis points, from   6.4%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   5.1%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Sales and Marketing Expenses 
    
  Sales and marketing expenses   increased     $6 million  , or   3%  . Employee-related expenses increased $11 million, driven by higher average salaries, an increase in commissions, and an increase in employee paid time off expense due to a modification of our paid time off benefit policy that resulted in lower expense in 2015. This was partially offset by a decrease in spending on marketing activities and professional fees related to consulting services. As a percentage of net revenue, sales and marketing expenses   decreased     30   basis points, from   12.5%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   12.2%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  General and administrative expenses   increased     $3 million  , or   1%  . Internal software support and maintenance expenses increased $6 million, largely due to increased usage and the addition of new software tools. Professional fees increased as $4 million of costs were incurred in connection with the Merger. Employee-related expenses decreased $3 million driven by a decrease in non-equity incentive bonus expense due to a lower bonus payout percentage and lower share-based compensation expense, partially offset by an increase in employee paid time off expense due to a modification of our paid time off benefit policy that resulted in lower expense in 2015. Additionally, travel and entertainment expenses decreased $2 million. As a percentage of net revenue, general and administrative expenses   decreased     70   basis points, from   17.7%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   17.0%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  

-    27   - 

     Table of Contents  

Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense   increased     $14 million  , or   5%  . The   increase   was due to purchases of property and equipment to support the growth of our business. In addition, we recorded an impairment expense of $3 million during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for customer gear assets that are not expected to be used to support customers. As a percentage of net revenue, depreciation and amortization expense   decreased     10   basis points, from   20.0%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   19.9%   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Gain on Sale 
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   we sold two non-strategic product lines, resulting in a total pre-tax gain of   $37.0 million  . See "Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements - Note   11  ,   Gain on Sale  " for more information on these transactions. 
    
  Other Income (Expense) 
    
  Other expense increased   $23 million  , from   $7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $30 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to interest expense on our Senior Notes issued in November 2015. 
    
  Income before Income Taxes 
    
  Income before income taxes   increased     $53 million  , or   40%  . Income before income taxes for the Americas segment   increased     $62 million  , to   $95 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $33 million   for the same period of   2015  , partly driven by the   $37.0 million   gain on sale as described above. Income before income taxes for the International segment   decreased     $9 million  , to   $91 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $100 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  Our effective tax rate   increased   from   31.5%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   33.8%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The differences between our effective tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% principally result from our geographical distribution of taxable income, tax credits, contingency reserves for uncertain tax positions and permanent differences between the book and tax treatment of certain items. Our U.S. earnings are generally taxed at higher rates than our foreign earnings. 
    
  Net Income 
    
  Net income   increased     $32 million  , or   35%  , driven by higher net revenue and the gain from our sale of a non-strategic product line, partially offset by higher expenses to support our growth. Net income per diluted share was   $0.96   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $0.32   from the same period of   2015  . Net income per diluted share for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   includes the   positive impact   of a   10%     decrease   in our weighted-average diluted shares outstanding, primarily due to the purchase and retirement of shares under our share repurchase program. 

-    28   - 

Table of Contents  

Historical Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  We primarily finance our operations and capital expenditures with internally-generated cash from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We believe that our existing cash on hand together with current sources of funds will be sufficient to meet our operating and capital needs in the foreseeable future.  
    
  Our long-term future capital requirements will depend on many factors, most importantly our revenue growth and our investments in new technologies and services. Our future ability to generate cash from operations will depend on our financial performance, general economic conditions, technology trends and developments, and other factors. We maintain debt levels that we establish through consideration of a number of factors, including cash flow expectations, cash requirements for operations, investment plans (including acquisitions), share repurchase plans, and our overall cost of capital. As of   September 30, 2016  , our target debt level under our capital structure policy was 0.75X Adjusted EBITDA for the most recent four quarters. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we held   $632 million   in cash and cash equivalents, of which   $201 million   is held by foreign entities. We considered the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries as of   September 30, 2016   to be permanently reinvested and, accordingly, no U.S. income taxes have been provided thereon. Historically, we have not repatriated earnings to the U.S., and as of September 30, 2016 we did not anticipate the need to do so in the future as we believe sources of funds available in the U.S. are sufficient to meet our domestic liquidity needs arising in the ordinary course of business. 
    
  We have a revolving credit facility with a total commitment of $200 million and the option to increase this amount by up to an additional $200 million, subject to certain terms and conditions. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and   $0.4 million   of undrawn letters of credit, and we were in compliance with all of the covenants under the facility. 
    
  We also have $500 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes outstanding. The Senior Notes will mature on January 15, 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 6.5% per year. The first semi-annual interest payment was made on July 15, 2016. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all covenants under the Senior Notes indenture. 
    
  Our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program under which shares may be repurchased from time to time through both open market and privately negotiated transactions. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   $133 million  , or   6.0 million   shares, of our common stock on the open market under this program; these shares were subsequently retired. As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $500 million   of the amount authorized by the board under the current program remained available for additional purchases; however, we did not make any additional purchases prior to the closing of the Merger and upon closing of the Merger, this share repurchase program was terminated. 

-    29   - 

     Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources Following the Merger 
    
  Overview 
    
  The Merger required total cash of approximately $4.8 billion, which was used to fund the acquisition of our stock and to pay related fees and expenses. The cash requirements of the Merger were financed through the issuance of $1,200.0 million of 8.625% Senior Notes due 2024 (the  8.625% Notes ), borrowings under the Senior Facilities (as defined below), an equity contribution and existing cash. On a pro forma basis after giving effect to the Merger, as of September 30, 2016, we would have had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $184 million.  
    
  In order to ensure we had sufficient cash available in the U.S. to consummate the Merger and to comply with our requirements under the Merger Agreement, we repatriated funds from our foreign subsidiaries in the form of a cash dividend of $114.7 million on November 2, 2016, the day preceding the closing of the Merger. While no cash taxes will be due on the dividend, we will provide taxes on the dividend in our financial statements for the period subsequent to September 30, 2016. While we believe that our cash on hand and available will be sufficient to cover our operating expenses in the near term, we will evaluate whether our remaining foreign earnings that have not been repatriated are permanently reinvested or whether we will provide taxes on such earnings for the quarter ending December 31, 2016. 
    
  Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated by operations and available borrowings under the five-year $225.0 million senior secured first lien revolving credit facility ("New Revolving Credit Facility"), which will provide for up to $225.0 million of borrowings, none of which was drawn at the closing of the Merger. Our primary uses of cash are working capital requirements, debt service requirements and capital expenditures. Based on our current level of operations and available cash, we believe our sources will provide sufficient liquidity over the next twelve months and the foreseeable future. We cannot assure, however, that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under the New Revolving Credit Facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. Our ability to do so depends on prevailing economic conditions, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain events, such as a change of control, we could be required to repay or refinance our indebtedness. We cannot assure that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness, including the New Revolving Credit Facility and the 8.625% Notes, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any future acquisitions, joint ventures or other similar transactions will likely require additional capital, and there can be no assurance that any such capital will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
    
  On a pro forma basis giving effect to the Merger, as of September 30, 2016, we would have had outstanding $3,200.0 million face value of aggregate indebtedness for borrowed money (excluding capital and financing leases), with approximately $225.0 million of borrowing capacity available under the New Revolving Credit Facility. Our liquidity requirements will be significant, primarily due to debt service requirements. On a pro forma basis giving effect to the Merger, our cash interest expense for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 would have been approximately $210 million (including interest on capital and financing leases). 
    
  8.625% Notes 
    
  General 
    
  On the Closing Date, Merger Sub completed an offering of $1,200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.625% Notes.  On the Closing Date, upon the completion of the Merger, Rackspace and the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined below) entered into a supplemental indenture pursuant to which Rackspace assumed the obligations under the 8.625% Notes and the indenture governing the 8.625% Notes (the  Indenture ) and the Subsidiary Guarantors guaranteed Rackspace s obligations under the 8.625% Notes and the Indenture.   
    
  Rackspace s obligations under the 8.625% Notes and the Indenture are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by each of Rackspace s wholly-owned domestic restricted subsidiaries (the  Subsidiary Guarantors ) that guarantees the Senior Facilities (as defined below).  The 8.625% Notes and the related guarantees are unsecured obligations of Rackspace and each Subsidiary Guarantor. 
    
  Maturity and Interest Payments 
    
  The 8.625% Notes will mature on November 15, 2024. Interest on the 8.625% Notes will accrue at 8.625% per annum and will be paid semi-annually, in arrears, on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning May 15, 2017. 

-    30   - 

     Table of Contents  

Redemption 
    
  On or after November 15, 2019, Rackspace may redeem the 8.625% Notes at its option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. In addition, prior to November 15, 2019, Rackspace may redeem the 8.625% Notes at its option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 8.625% Notes redeemed, plus a  make-whole  premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time and from time to time prior to November 15, 2019, Rackspace may redeem in the aggregate up to 40% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 8.625% Notes (calculated after giving effect to any issuance of additional notes) in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 108.625%, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, so long as at least 50% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 8.625% Notes (calculated after giving effect to any issuance of additional notes) must remain outstanding after each such redemption.  
    
  Certain Covenants 
    
  The Indenture, among other things, limits Rackspace s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, capital stock and make other restricted payments; (iii) make certain investments; (iv) consummate certain asset sales; (v) engage in certain transactions with affiliates; (vi) grant or assume certain liens; and (vii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its assets.   
    
  These covenants are subject to a number of important qualifications and exceptions. Additionally, upon the occurrence of specified change of control events, Rackspace must offer to repurchase the 8.625% Notes at 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the purchase date. The Indenture also provides for customary events of default.  
    
  Senior Facilities 
    
  General  
    
  On the Closing Date, in connection with the Merger, Rackspace assumed Merger Sub's obligations under a First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Parent, Merger Sub, the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which provides for senior secured financing of up to $2,225.0 million, consisting of:  

a first lien term loan facility (the "Term Loan Facility"), in an aggregate principal amount of $2,000.0 million with a maturity of seven years; and 

a first lien revolving credit facility (the "New Revolving Credit Facility" and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the "Senior Facilities"), in an aggregate principal amount of up to $225.0 million with a maturity of five years, including both a letter of credit sub-facility and a swingline loan sub-facility. 
       
  In addition, Rackspace may request one or more incremental term loan facilities, one or more incremental revolving credit facilities and/or an increase in commitments under the New Revolving Credit Facility (collectively,  incremental facilities ) in an aggregate amount of up to the sum of (x) $700.0 million plus (y) an additional amount so long as, (i) in the case of loans under incremental facilities secured by liens on the collateral that rank pari passu with the liens on collateral securing the Senior Facilities, Rackspace satisfies a certain net first lien senior secured leverage ratio and (ii) in the case of loans under incremental facilities secured by liens on collateral that rank junior to the liens on the collateral securing the Senior Facilities, Rackspace satisfies a certain total net secured leverage ratio, subject to certain conditions and receipt of commitments by existing or additional lenders.  
    
  Proceeds of the term loans drawn on the Closing Date were used to fund the Transactions and to pay related fees and expenses. Proceeds of the revolving loans drawn after the Closing Date, swingline loans and letters of credit will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

-    31   - 

     Table of Contents  

Interest Rates and Fees 
    
  Borrowings under the Senior Facilities will bear interest at a rate equal to, at Rackspace s option, either (a) a LIBOR rate determined by reference to the costs of funds for Eurodollar deposits for the interest period relevant to such borrowing, adjusted for certain additional costs, subject to a 1.00% floor in the case of term loans, or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the prime rate of Citibank, N.A. and (iii) the one-month adjusted LIBOR plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin of 4.00% for LIBOR loans and 3.00% for base rate loans. The applicable margin for borrowings under the New Revolving Credit Facility is subject to step-downs if Rackspace satisfies certain net first lien senior secured leverage ratios.   
    
  In addition to paying interest on the outstanding principal under the Senior Facilities, Rackspace is required to pay a commitment fee equal to 0.50% per annum to the lenders under the New Revolving Credit Facility in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder. The commitment fee under the New Revolving Credit Facility may be subject to one step-down if Rackspace satisfies a certain net first lien leverage ratio. Rackspace is also required to pay customary agency fees as well as letter of credit participation fees computed at a rate per annum equal to the applicable margin for LIBOR rate borrowings on the dollar equivalent of the daily stated amount of outstanding letters of credit, plus such letter of credit issuer s customary documentary and processing fees and charges and a fronting fee computed at a rate equal to 0.125% per annum on the daily stated amount of each letter of credit. 
    
  Amortization and Prepayments 
    
  The Senior Facilities require scheduled quarterly amortization payments on the term loan in an annual amount equal to 1.0% of the original principal amount of the term loan, with the balance to be paid at maturity.  
    
  In addition, the Senior Facilities require Rackspace to prepay outstanding term loan borrowings, subject to certain exceptions, with:  

50% (which percentage will be reduced to 25% and 0% if Rackspace satisfies certain net first lien senior secured leverage ratios) of Rackspace s annual excess cash flow, as defined under the Senior Facilities;  

100% (which percentage will be reduced to 50% and 0% if Rackspace satisfies certain net first lien senior secured leverage ratios) of the net cash proceeds of all non-ordinary course asset sales, other dispositions of property or certain casualty events, in each case subject to certain exceptions and reinvestment rights; and  

100% of the net cash proceeds of any issuance or incurrence of debt, other than proceeds from debt permitted under the Senior Facilities.  
       
  Rackspace may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the Senior Facilities at any time, without prepayment premium or penalty, except in connection with a repricing event in respect of the term loans as described below, subject to customary  breakage  costs with respect to LIBOR rate loans.  
    
  Any refinancing through the issuance of certain debt or any repricing amendment, in either case, that constitutes a  repricing event  applicable to the term loans resulting in a lower yield occurring at any time during the first six months after the Closing Date will be accompanied by a 1.00% prepayment premium or fee, as applicable. 
    
  Collateral and Guarantors 
    
  All obligations under the Senior Facilities are unconditionally guaranteed by Parent on a limited-recourse basis and each of Rackspace s existing and future direct and indirect, wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. The obligations are secured by a pledge of Rackspace s capital stock directly held by Parent and substantially all of Rackspace s assets and those of each Subsidiary Guarantor, including capital stock of the Subsidiary Guarantors and 65% of the capital stock of the first-tier foreign subsidiaries, in each case subject to exceptions. Such security interests consist of a first-priority lien with respect to the collateral. 

-    32   - 

     Table of Contents  

Restrictive Covenants and Other Matters 
    
  The New Revolving Credit Facility requires that Rackspace, commencing as of the last day of the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date and subject to a testing threshold, comply on a quarterly basis with a maximum net first lien senior secured leverage ratio of 3.50 to 1.00. The testing threshold will be satisfied if the aggregate amount of funded loans and issued letters of credit (excluding undrawn letters of credit under the New Revolving Credit Facility up to $25.0 million and letters of credit that are cash collateralized) under the New Revolving Credit Facility on such date exceeds an amount equal to 30% of the then-outstanding commitments under the New Revolving Credit Facility.  
    
  The Senior Facilities contain certain customary affirmative covenants. The negative covenants in the Senior Facilities include, among other things, limitations (none of which are absolute) on the ability of Rackspace and its subsidiaries to:  

incur additional debt or issue certain preferred shares;  

create liens on certain assets;  

make certain loans or investments (including acquisitions);  

pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of its capital stock or make other restricted payments;  

consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets;  

sell assets;  

enter into certain transactions with its affiliates;  

enter into sale-leaseback transactions; 

change its lines of business;  

restrict dividends from its subsidiaries or restrict liens;  

change its fiscal year; and  

modify the terms of certain debt or organizational agreements. 
       
  The Senior Facilities contain certain customary events of default, including relating to a change of control. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the Senior Facilities will be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the Senior Facilities and all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor in respect of the collateral securing the Senior Facilities. 

-    33   - 

     Table of Contents  

Cash Flows 
    
  The following table sets forth a summary of certain cash flow information for the periods indicated:  

Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities is primarily generated from cash received from customers offset by cash payments made for employee and consultant compensation (less amounts capitalized related to internal-use software that are reflected as cash used in investing activities), data center costs, license costs, marketing programs, taxes, and other general corporate expenditures. 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities   increased     $90 million  , or   24%  , from the first   nine   months of   2015   compared to the first   nine   months of   2016  . This was driven by a   $66 million     increase   in net income adjusted for non-cash and non-operating items such as depreciation and amortization expense, deferred income taxes, share-based compensation expense, excess tax benefits from share-based compensation arrangements, and the gain on sale of certain assets of two non-strategic product lines. The remaining change was due to a   $25 million     increase   in cash provided by net changes in operating assets and liabilities largely due to   $21 million   and   $24 million   operating cash flow increases resulting from the changes in prepaid expenses and other current assets and accounts receivable, respectively. The increase in operating cash flow from accounts receivable is largely due to improved collection efforts and a   5%   increase in net revenue. In addition, the change in deferred revenue resulted in a   $12 million     increase   in operating cash flow as we received a larger amount of advance payments during the first   nine   months of   2016   than we did during the first   nine   months of   2015  , largely due to the transition services agreement with the buyer of our Cloud Sites business for which we will provide hosting and email services over a transition period of 18 months. Partially offsetting these items was a decrease in cash provided by operating activities from accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other current liabilities largely due to a $20 million semi-annual interest payment on our Senior Notes made on July 15, 2016.  
    
  Cash Used in Investing Activities 
    
  Net cash used in investing activities primarily consists of capital expenditures to meet the demands of our growing customer base. The largest outlays of cash are for purchases of customer gear, data center and office build-outs, and capitalized payroll costs related to internal-use software development. 
    
  Net cash used in investing activities   decreased     $123 million  , or   36%  , from the first   nine   months of   2015   compared to the first   nine   months of   2016  , largely driven by a   $97 million     decrease   in cash purchases of property and equipment due to higher capital expenditures in the first   nine   months of   2015   for customer gear, primarily attributable to the opening of our new London data center and a large customer gear software purchase. The   $35 million   of proceeds received in 2016 from the sale of two non-strategic product lines also contributed to the decrease in cash used in investing activities. The impact of these items was partially offset by a change of   $9 million   between periods in net cash outflows for other investing activities. 

-    34   - 

     Table of Contents  

Cash Provided by or Used in Financing Activities 
    
  Financing activities generally include cash activity related to debt and other long-term credit arrangements (i.e. capital and finance lease obligations), including proceeds from and repayments of borrowings, and cash activity related to the issuance and repurchase of equity. 
    
  Net cash   used in   financing activities   increased     $33 million  , or   50%  , from the first   nine   months of   2015   compared to the first   nine   months of   2016  . The largest driver of the increase in cash used in financing activities was a   $140 million   cash inflow from borrowings under our previous revolving credit facility during the first nine months of 2015, partially offset by a   $117 million   decrease in cash outflow for the repurchase of common stock under our share repurchase program. Also contributing to the increase in cash outflow was   $25 million   less proceeds from employee stock plans and a   $17 million   decrease in excess tax benefits from share-based compensation arrangements in the first   nine   months of   2016  . The impact of these drivers was partially offset by the repayment of   $25 million   on our previous revolving credit facility during the first   nine   months of   2015  . 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  During the periods presented, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities. These entities are typically established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
     
  Our critical accounting policies and estimates have not changed from those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on   June 13, 2016   under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.   
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
    
  For a description of accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet adopted, see Item 1 of Part I, "Financial Statements - Note   1  ,   Company Overview, Subsequent Events, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  ." 

-    35   - 

Table of Contents  

Supplemental Information 
    
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  Throughout this MD A, we have utilized certain non-GAAP financial measures to supplement our analysis of financial performance. For each of these non-GAAP financial measures, we have described the reasons for their use and have provided reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measure below. 
    
  Return on Capital ("ROC") 
    
  We believe that ROC is an important metric for investors in evaluating our company s performance. ROC measures how effectively a company generates profits from the capital that is deployed. We calculate ROC by dividing net operating profit after tax by our average capital base. The following table presents a reconciliation of ROC to Return on Assets, which we calculate directly from amounts on the Consolidated Statements of   Comprehensive   Income and the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    

(1) 
    Reflects additional expense we would have expected to record if our build-to-suit lease arrangements had been deemed operating leases instead of finance lease obligations for build-to-suit leases. Calculated as the excess of estimated straight-line rent expense over actual depreciation expense for completed real estate projects under build-to-suit lease arrangements.    
              (2) 
    Amount recorded as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the long-term debt liability in the consolidated balance sheets  . 
              (3) 
    Defined as the amount of cash and cash equivalents that exceeds our operating cash requirements, which is calculated as three percent of our annualized net revenue for the three months prior to the period end.    

-    36   - 

     Table of Contents  

Adjusted EBITDA  
    
  We use Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure to review and assess our performance. Adjusted EBITDA is a metric that is used by analysts and investors for comparative and valuation purposes. We disclose this metric in order to support and facilitate the dialogue with research analysts and investors.    
    
  We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income, plus income taxes, total other (income) expense, depreciation and amortization, and non-cash charges for share-based compensation, less gain on sale. The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income. 

-    37   - 

     Table of Contents  

Constant currency revenue growth 
    
  We use constant currency revenue growth as an additional metric for understanding and assessing our growth excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations on our international business operations. We also believe this is an important metric to help investors evaluate our performance in comparison to prior periods. The information presented is calculated by translating current period results using the average exchange rate from the comparative period rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective period. The following table presents a reconciliation of constant currency revenue growth.     

-    38   - 

     Table of Contents  

Free Cash Flow 
    
  We use Free Cash Flow as a supplemental measure to analyze cash flows generated from our operations because we believe it is useful to investors in evaluating our ability to fund capital expenditures, which continue to be a significant investment required by our business. 
    
  We define Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by operating activities less cash purchases of property and equipment, plus excess tax benefits from share-based compensation arrangements. Excess tax benefits represent tax deductions for share-based compensation expense in excess of book compensation expense and reduce our income taxes payable. We have included the impact of excess tax benefits in Free Cash Flow to be consistent with the treatment of other tax benefits.    
    
  Free Cash Flow has limitations, including the fact that it does not represent the residual cash flow exclusively available for discretionary expenditures because we are obligated to make payments for debt service and other contractual obligations which have not been deducted from this measure. Therefore, Free Cash Flow should be evaluated in addition to, and not as a substitute for, other financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The following table presents a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, net cash provided by operating activities.    

-    39   - 

     Table of Contents  

Quarterly Key Metrics 
    
  The following table sets forth our quarterly key metrics for each of our most recent five quarters as of the period ended   September 30, 2016  . The quarterly data presented below has been prepared on a basis consistent with the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and, in the opinion of management, reflects all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of this information. You should read this information in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this document and with the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Our results for these quarterly periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for a full year or any period.       

-    40   - 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    During the fourth quarter of 2015, we decommissioned approximately 2,400 servers due to the migration of customers from our legacy public cloud platform onto our OpenStack public cloud and also as part of the migration of customers from existing data centers to our new London data center. In the first quarter of 2016, second quarter of 2016, and third quarter of 2016, approximately 1,600, 3,400, and 2,800 additional servers were decommissioned, respectively, mainly due to the continued migration of customers from our legacy public cloud platform onto our OpenStack public cloud.    
              (2) 
    See discussion and reconciliation of our Non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures.      
              (3) 
    Reflects additional expense we would have expected to record if our build-to-suit lease arrangements had been deemed operating leases instead of finance lease obligations for build-to-suit leases. Calculated as the excess of estimated straight-line rent expense over actual depreciation expense for completed real estate projects under build-to-suit lease arrangements. 
              (4) 
    Includes the outstanding principal amount of debt and capital lease obligations.    
              (5) 
    Non-cash purchases of property and equipment primarily represents changes in amounts accrued but not yet paid.    
              (6) 
    Megawatts under contract at period end represents data center capacity for which we have a contract enabling us to take control of the space.    
              (7) 
    Megawatts available for customer use at period end represents data center capacity that is built-out and is being used to provide service to customers.     

ITEM 3   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  There have been no significant changes to our market risks since   December 31, 2015  . For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk," contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year-ended   December 31, 2015  . 

-    41   - 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4           CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
    
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report (the  Evaluation Date ). Due to the material weakness described below, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Management concluded there was a material weakness in the design and operating effectiveness of controls over the recognition, measurement, and disclosure of certain complex software license agreements. This material weakness was caused by an ineffective risk assessment process that failed to appropriately identify necessary changes to our process for completely and accurately capturing license usage. This resulted in inaccurate usage reports utilized in determining obligations under certain software license agreements. Upon identification of the error, we self-reported to the affected supplier, recorded a liability of $13.6 million for under-reported license expense and corrected the usage reports going forward. The reduction to net income as result of this error, net of the related income tax impact, was $1.4 million,   $3.2 million  , and $3.8 million in the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014, and 2015, respectively. The material weakness arose in a prior period and resulted in immaterial misstatements to the previously released consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015. Refer to Item 1 of Part I, "Financial Statements - Note   1  ,   Company Overview, Subsequent Events, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  " for further information on the impact these errors had on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  To remediate this material weakness, we are in the process of enhancing our control processes around calculating software license expense by (i) formalizing the process of timely identifying changes in software license agreements that could impact reporting criteria; (ii) implementing more comprehensive review procedures to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the reports utilized in license reporting; (iii) developing a formal change management process related to the underlying code in reports utilized to determine software license obligations; and (iv) developing more robust review standards over software license expense. Our internal audit department will also conduct a review of the enhanced process during 2016 to ensure the aforementioned control processes are operating effectively. 
    
  Notwithstanding this material weakness, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have each concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of our company and its subsidiaries in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We are in the process of remediating the underlying causes of the material weakness as described above. 
    
  Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
    
  Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent quarterly reporting period identified in connection with management s evaluation that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting other than the remediation efforts related to the material weakness described above. 

-    42   - 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We have contingent liabilities resulting from various litigation, claims and commitments. We record accruals for loss contingencies when losses are considered probable and can be reasonably estimated. The amount that will ultimately be paid related to these matters may differ from the recorded accruals, and the timing of such payments is uncertain.  
    
  We are a party to various claims that certain of our services and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, products, or services, and may also cause us to change our business practices and require development of non-infringing products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenue for us or otherwise harm our business. We have disputed the allegations in these proceedings and intend to vigorously defend ourselves in all such matters. 
    
  We cannot predict the impact, if any, that any of the matters described above may have on our business, results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. Because of the inherent uncertainties of such matters, including the early stage and lack of specific damage claims in many of them, we cannot estimate the range of possible losses from them. 
    
  Legal Proceedings Regarding the Merger 
    
  Rackspace, each member of Rackspace's Board of Directors, Apollo, Parent and Merger Sub have been named as defendants in a putative class action challenging the merger between Apollo and Rackspace in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The suit is captioned   Luger v. Rackspace Hosting Inc., et al.   (Case No. 12819) (filed October 11, 2016). The complaint alleges that the Proxy Statement fails to disclose material information to Rackspace stockholders and that the Rackspace Board breached its fiduciary duties by failing to ensure that such disclosure was made. The complaint seeks rescission, damages, and injunctive relief. The complaint also alleges that Rackspace, Apollo, Parent and Merger Sub have aided and abetted the Rackspace Board's breach of its fiduciary duties. Rackspace believes the allegations of the complaint are without merit and intends to defend against the lawsuit vigorously.  

ITEM 1A   RISK FACTORS 
    
  For a discussion of our risk factors, refer to Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors," contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year-ended   December 31, 2015  . As of   September 30, 2016  , there had been no material change in this information, except for the following risk factor provided below. 
    
  Our business is affected by general economic conditions, and uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate and economic volatility could adversely impact our business. 
    
  Our business and results of operations are affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. A general economic slowdown and volatility in economic conditions could adversely affect our business. Concerns over the slow economic recovery, the level of U.S. national debt, currency fluctuations and volatility, the stability of the EU and the exit of the United Kingdom, the rate of growth of China and other Asian economies, unemployment, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. housing market, inflation levels, negative interest rates, energy costs and geopolitical issues have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the markets. 

-    43   - 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  (c) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchases.  
    
  The table below sets forth information regarding the company s purchases of its common stock during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

(1) 
    Shares of common stock withheld for employee taxes.  
              (2)     
    On November 6, 2014, our board of directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $500 million of our common stock. On August 5, 2015, our board of directors increased the authorization under the existing program to a total of up to $1 billion, in addition to   $200 million   already purchased under the initial authorization. The updated program was announced on August 10, 2015 and was to remain in effect for a period not to exceed 24 months from authorization. Under this program, shares could be repurchased from time to time through both open market and privately negotiated transactions. We did not make any additional purchases prior to the closing of the Merger pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger we entered into on August 26, 2016 as further described in Item 1 of Part 1, "Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements - Note   1  ,   Company Overview, Subsequent Events, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  ." Upon closing of the Merger, this share repurchase program was terminated.    

ITEM 6   EXHIBITS 
    
                   Exhibit Number 
      
     Description 
      31.1* 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      31.2* 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.1** 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.2** 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      101.INS* 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
      101.CAL* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
      101.DEF* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
      101.LAB* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
      101.PRE* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

*  
    Filed herewith. 
              ** 
    Furnished herewith; not deemed to be filed herewith. 

-    44   - 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on   November 9, 2016  . 

Rackspace Hosting, Inc. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Karl Pichler 

Karl Pichler 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Joseph Saporito 

Joseph Saporito 

Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

-    45   - 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 raxex-311_093016.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a)  
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I,   William Taylor Rhodes  , certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rackspace Hosting, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
       
    By: 
       
    /s/ William Taylor Rhodes 

William Taylor Rhodes 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 raxex-312_093016.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a)  
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I,   Karl Pichler  , certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rackspace Hosting, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                         Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
       
    By: 
       
    /s/ Karl Pichler 

Karl Pichler 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 raxex-321_093016.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rackspace Hosting, Inc. for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),   William Taylor Rhodes  , as Principal Executive Officer of Rackspace Hosting, Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Rackspace Hosting, Inc. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
       
    By: 
       
    /s/ William Taylor Rhodes 

William Taylor Rhodes 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 raxex-322_093016.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Rackspace Hosting, Inc. for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),   Karl Pichler  , as Principal Financial Officer of Rackspace Hosting, Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Rackspace Hosting, Inc. 

Date: 
    November 9, 2016 
       
    By: 
       
    /s/ Karl Pichler 

Karl Pichler 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rax-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rax-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rax-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rax-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rax-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rax-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

