<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1095996_0001628280-16-020945_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13364554</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162497</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>524713</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5639701</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5259099</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1460100</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-020945.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107171538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-020945
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WILLIAM LYON HOMES
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001095996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		IRS NUMBER:				330864902
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31625
		FILM NUMBER:		161979147

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4695 MACARTHUR COURT
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9498333600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4695 MACARTHUR COURT
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRESLEY COMPANIES/NEW
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRESLEY MERGER SUB INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990929

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-020945.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 wlh-9302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ______________________________________  
  FORM 10-Q 
  ______________________________________  
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission File Number 001-31625 
  ______________________________________  
  WILLIAM LYON HOMES 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  ______________________________________  
                   Delaware 
      
    33-0864902 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification Number) 

4695 MacArthur Court, 8   th    Floor 
  Newport Beach, California 
      
    92660 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (949) 833-3600 
    
  ______________________________________  
  Indicate by check mark whether registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    YES           NO       . 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.    Yes           No      
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

WILLIAM LYON HOMES 
  INDEX 

Page 
  No. 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
      Item 1. 
    Financial Statements as of September 30, 2016, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    3 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
    4 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity  
    5 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    6 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    31 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    57 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    58 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
    59 
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    59 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    59 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    59 
      Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    59 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    59 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    60 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    61 
       SIGNATURES  
    62 
       EXHIBIT INDEX  
    63 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
  Investors are cautioned that certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as some statements by the Company in periodic press releases and information included in oral statements or other written statements by the Company are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements which are predictive in nature, which depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or which include words such as  expects ,  anticipates ,  intends ,  plans ,  believes ,  estimates ,  hopes , and similar expressions constitute forward-looking statements. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, information related to: anticipated operating results; home deliveries and backlog conversion; financial resources and condition; cash needs and liquidity; timing of project openings and deliveries; leverage ratios and compliance with debt covenants; revenues and average selling prices of deliveries; sales price ranges for active and future communities; global and domestic economic conditions; market and industry trends; profitability and gross margins; selling, general and administrative expenses and leverage; interest expense; inventory write-downs; unrecognized tax benefits; land acquisition spending and timing; debt maturities; the Company's ability to achieve tax benefits and utilize its tax attributes; sales pace; effects of home buyer cancellations; community count; joint ventures; the Company's ability to acquire land and pursue real estate opportunities; the Company's ability to gain approvals and open new communities; the Company's ability to sell homes and properties; the Company's ability to secure materials and subcontractors; the Company's ability to produce the liquidity and capital necessary to expand and take advantage of opportunities; and legal proceedings, insurance and claims.  Forward-looking statements are based upon expectations and projections about future events and are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties about, among other things, the Company, economic and market factors and the homebuilding industry. There is no guarantee that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q will occur, or if any of the events occur, there is no guarantee what effect it will have on the Company's operations, financial condition or share price. The Company's past performance, and past or present economic conditions in its housing markets, are not indicative of future performance or conditions. Investors are urged not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company will not, and undertakes no obligation to, update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or changes to projections over time unless required by federal securities laws. 
    
  Actual events and results may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. While it is impossible to identify all such factors, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated by us include, but are not limited to: the availability of skilled subcontractors, labor and homebuilding materials and increased construction cycle times; the availability and timing of mortgage financing; adverse weather conditions, including but not limited to the continued drought in California and the Southwest; the Company s financial leverage and level of indebtedness and any inability to comply with financial and other covenants under its debt instruments; continued volatility and worsening in general economic conditions either internationally, nationally or in regions in which the Company operates; conditions in the Company s recently entered markets and recently acquired operations; worsening in markets for residential housing; the impact of construction defect, product liability and home warranty claims, including the adequacy of self-insurance accruals, and the applicability and sufficiency of the Company s insurance coverage; decline in real estate values resulting in impairment of the Company s real estate assets; volatility in the banking industry and credit markets; uncertainties in the capital and securities markets; the timing of receipt of regulatory approvals and the opening of projects; the availability and cost of land for future development; terrorism or other hostilities involving the United States; changes in governmental laws, regulations and decisions, and increased costs, fees and delays associated therewith; building moratorium or  slow-growth  or  no-growth  initiatives that could be implemented in states in which the Company operates; changes in mortgage and other interest rates; uncertainties regarding the U.S. presidential election; conditions in the capital, credit and financial markets, including mortgage lending standards and the availability of mortgage financing; changes in generally accepted accounting principles or interpretations of those principles; changes in prices of homebuilding materials; competition for home sales from other sellers of new and resale homes; cancellations and the Company s ability to convert its backlog into deliveries; the occurrence of events such as landslides, soil subsidence and earthquakes that are uninsurable, not economically insurable or not subject to effective indemnification agreements; whether the Company is able to pay off or refinance the outstanding balances of its debt obligations at their maturity and comply with other restrictive debt covenants; limitations on the Company s ability to utilize its tax attributes; whether an ownership change occurred that could, under certain circumstances, have resulted in the limitation of the Company s ability to offset prior years  taxable income with net operating losses; and other factors, risks and uncertainties. These and other risks and uncertainties are more fully described in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  , Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016, and this quarterly report, as well as those factors or conditions described under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
  
   1 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
    
  In this interim report on Form 10-Q, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the  Company,   we,   our,  and  us  refer to William Lyon Homes, a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. In addition, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires,  Parent  refers to William Lyon Homes, and  California Lyon  refers to William Lyon Homes, Inc., a California corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent.  

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

WILLIAM LYON HOMES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands except number of shares and par value per share) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
   3 

WILLIAM LYON HOMES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (in thousands except number of shares and per share data) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

4 

WILLIAM LYON HOMES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

5 

WILLIAM LYON HOMES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
   6 

WILLIAM LYON HOMES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (unaudited) 
   
  Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
  Operations 
  William Lyon Homes, a Delaware corporation ( Parent  and together with its subsidiaries, the  Company ), is primarily engaged in designing, constructing, marketing and selling single-family detached and attached homes in California, Arizona, Nevada, Colorado (under the Village Homes brand), Washington and Oregon (each under the Polygon Northwest Homes brand). 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The preparation of the Company s financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of the assets and liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and revenues and expenses for the three and   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. The significant accounting policies using estimates include real estate inventories and cost of sales, impairment of real estate inventories, warranty reserves, loss contingencies, sales and profit recognition, accounting for variable interest entities, business combinations, and valuation of deferred tax assets. The current economic environment increases the uncertainty inherent in these estimates and assumptions. 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries and joint ventures, and certain joint ventures and other entities which have been determined to be variable interest entities ("VIEs") in which the Company is considered the primary beneficiary (see Note 2). The accounting policies of the joint ventures are substantially the same as those of the Company. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared from our books and records without audit and include all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals) necessary to present a fair statement of results for the interim periods presented. Readers of this quarterly report should refer to our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which are included in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K, as certain disclosures that would substantially duplicate those contained in the audited financial statements have not been included in this report. 
  Real Estate Inventories 
  Real estate inventories are carried at cost net of impairment losses, if any. Real estate inventories consist primarily of land deposits, land and land under development, homes completed and under construction, and model homes. All direct and indirect land costs, offsite and onsite improvements and applicable interest and other carrying charges are capitalized to real estate projects during periods when the project is under development. Land, offsite costs and all other common costs are allocated to land parcels benefited based upon relative fair values before construction. Onsite construction costs and related carrying charges (principally interest and property taxes) are allocated to the individual homes within a phase based upon the relative sales value of the homes. The Company relieves its real estate inventories through cost of sales for the estimated cost of homes sold. Selling expenses and other marketing costs are expensed in the period incurred.  From time to time the Company sells land to third parties.  The Company does not consider these sales to be core to its homebuilding business, and any gain or loss recognized on these transactions is recorded in other non-operating income.  During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   the Company sold   two   and   five   parcels of land, respectively, resulting in a   $2.7 million   gain for both periods then ended. 
  A provision for warranty costs relating to the Company s limited warranty plans is included in cost of sales and accrued expenses at the time the sale of a home is recorded. The Company generally reserves a percent of the sales price of its homes, or a set amount per home closed depending on the operating division, against the possibility of future charges relating to its warranty programs and similar potential claims.  Factors that affect the Company s warranty liability include the number of homes under warranty, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims, and cost per claim. The Company continually assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty liability and adjusts the amounts as necessary. Changes in the Company s warranty liability for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , are as follows (in thousands):  

7 

Interest incurred under the Company s debt obligations, as more fully discussed in Note 6, is capitalized to qualifying real estate projects under development.  Interest activity for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows (in thousands): 

Construction Services 
  The Company accounts for construction management agreements using the   Percentage of Completion Method   in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 605   Revenue Recognition   ( ASC 605 ). Under ASC 605, the Company records revenues and expenses as a contracted project progresses, and based on the percentage of costs incurred to date compared to the total estimated costs of the contract. 
  The Company entered into construction management agreements to build, sell and market homes in certain communities. For such services, the Company will receive fees (generally   3   to   5 percent   of the sales price, as defined) and may, under certain circumstances, receive additional compensation if certain financial thresholds are achieved. 
  Financial Instruments 
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are primarily cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, receivables, and deposits. The Company typically places its cash and cash equivalents in investment grade short-term instruments. Deposits, included in other assets, are due from municipalities or utility companies and are generally collected from such entities through fees assessed to other developers. The Company is an issuer of, or subject to, financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business which exposes it to credit risks. These financial instruments include letters of credit and obligations in connection with assessment district bonds. These off-balance sheet financial instruments are described in more detail in Note 12. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  Short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased are considered cash equivalents. The Company s cash and cash equivalents balance exceeds federally insurable limits as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Company monitors the cash balances in its operating accounts, however, these cash balances could be negatively impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail or are subject to other adverse conditions in the financial markets. To date, the Company has experienced no loss or lack of access to cash in its operating accounts. 
  Restricted Cash 
  Restricted cash consists of deposits made by the Company to a bank account as collateral for the use of letters of credit to guarantee the Company s financial obligations under certain other contractual arrangements in the normal course of business. 
  
   8 

Deferred Loan Costs 
  Deferred loan costs represent debt issuance costs and are primarily amortized to interest incurred using the straight line method which approximates the effective interest method. 
  Goodwill 
  In accordance with the provisions of ASC 350,   Intangibles, Goodwill and Other  , goodwill amounts are not amortized, but rather are analyzed for impairment at the reporting segment level. Goodwill is analyzed on an annual basis, or when indicators of impairment exist. We have determined that we have   six   reporting segments, as discussed in Note 4, and we perform an annual goodwill impairment analysis during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. 
  Intangibles 
  Recorded intangible assets primarily relate to brand names of acquired entities, construction management contracts, homes in backlog, and joint venture management fee contracts recorded in conjunction with FASB ASC Topic 852,   Reorganizations   ("ASC 852"), or FASB ASC Topic 805,   Business Combinations   ("ASC 805").  All intangible assets with the exception of those relating to brand names were valued based on expected cash flows related to home closings, and the asset is amortized on a per unit basis, as homes under the contracts close.  Our brand name intangible assets are deemed to have an indefinite useful life. 
  Income per common share 
  The Company computes income per common share in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 260,   Earnings per Share  , which requires income per common share for each class of stock to be calculated using the two-class method. The two-class method is an allocation of income between the holders of common stock and a company s participating security holders. 
  Basic income per common share is computed by dividing income or loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding. For purposes of determining diluted income per common share, basic income per common share is further adjusted to include the effect of potential dilutive common shares. 
  Income Taxes 
  Income taxes are accounted for under the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC 740  , Income Taxes,   using an asset and liability approach. Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards measured by applying currently enacted tax laws. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce net deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement criteria for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be considered  more-likely-than-not  to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. In addition, the Company has elected to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in the income tax provision. 
  Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, "  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 ), which clarifies existing accounting literature relating to how and when revenue is recognized by an entity. ASU 2014-09 affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,   Revenue Recognition  , and most industry-specific guidance.  ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  In doing so, an entity will need to exercise a greater degree of judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation.  ASU 2014-09 also supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35,   Revenue Recognition-Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts  .  ASU 2014-09 is effective for public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and is to be applied either retrospectively or using the cumulative effect transition method, with early adoption not permitted.  The Company has not yet selected a transition method, and is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
          In February 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02 "  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  " ("ASU 2015-02"). ASU 2015-02 amends the consolidation guidance for variable interest entities and voting interest  
  
   9 

entities, among other items, by eliminating the consolidation model previously applied to limited partnerships, emphasizing the risk of loss when determining a controlling financial interest and reducing the frequency of the application of related-party guidance when determining a controlling financial interest. ASU 2015-02 is effective for public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
          In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "  Leases (Topic 842)  " ("ASU 2016-02"), which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
          In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,    Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting    ("ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects for the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
  Reclassifications 
          Certain balances on the financial statements and certain amounts presented in the notes have been reclassified in order to conform to current year presentation. 

Note 2 Variable Interest Entities and Noncontrolling Interests 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company was party to   eleven   and   eight   joint ventures, respectively, for the purpose of land development and homebuilding activities which we have determined to be VIEs. The Company, as the managing member, has the power to direct the activities of the VIEs since it manages the daily operations and has exposure to the risks and rewards of the VIEs, based upon the allocation of income and loss per the respective joint venture agreements. Therefore, the Company is the primary beneficiary of the joint ventures, and the VIEs were consolidated as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the assets of the consolidated VIEs totaled   $226.1 million  , of which   $4.1 million   was cash and cash equivalents and   $221.2 million   was real estate inventories. The liabilities of the consolidated VIEs totaled   $129.3 million  , primarily comprised of notes payable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
  As of   December 31, 2015  , the assets of the consolidated VIEs totaled   $155.0 million  , of which   $2.8 million   was cash and cash equivalents and   $148.6 million   was real estate inventories. The liabilities of the consolidated VIEs totaled   $97.1 million  , primarily comprised of notes payable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

Note 3 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
  The table set forth below summarizes the combined unaudited statements of operations for our unconsolidated mortgage joint ventures that we accounted for under the equity method (in thousands): 

Income from unconsolidated joint ventures reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations represents our share of the income of our unconsolidated mortgage joint ventures, which is allocated based on the provisions of the underlying joint venture operating agreements less any additional impairments recorded against our investments in joint  
  
   10 

ventures which we do not deem recoverable.  For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , the Company recorded income of   $1.4 million   and   $3.8 million  , and   $1.0 million   and   $1.8 million  , respectively, from its unconsolidated joint ventures.  This income was primarily attributable to our share of income related to mortgages that were generated and issued to qualifying home buyers during the periods. 
  During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , all of our unconsolidated joint ventures were reviewed for impairment.  Based on the impairment review, no investments in joint ventures were determined to be impaired. 
  The table set forth below summarizes the combined unaudited balance sheets for our unconsolidated joint ventures that we accounted for under the equity method (in thousands):  

Note 4 Segment Information 
  The Company operates   one   principal homebuilding business.  In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting ("ASC 280"), the Company has determined that each of its operating divisions is an operating segment.  The Company s President and Chief Executive Officer has been identified as the chief operating decision maker. The Company s chief operating decision maker directs the allocation of resources to operating segments based on the profitability and cash flows of each respective segment. 
  The Company s homebuilding operations design, construct and sell a wide range of homes designed to meet the specific needs in each of its markets.  As such, in accordance with the aggregation criteria defined by FASB ASC Topic 280,   Segment Reporting   ( ASC 280 ), the Company s homebuilding operating segments have been grouped into   six   reportable segments:  
  California  , consisting of operating divisions in   i  ) Southern California, consisting of operations in Orange, Los Angeles, Riverside and San Bernardino counties;  and   ii  ) Northern California, consisting of operations in Alameda, Contra Costa, San Joaquin, and Santa Clara counties. 
  Arizona  , consisting of operations in the Phoenix, Arizona metropolitan area. 
  Nevada  , consisting of operations in the Las Vegas, Nevada metropolitan area. 
  Colorado  , consisting of operations in the Denver, Colorado metropolitan area. 
  Washington  , consisting of operations in the Seattle, Washington metropolitan area. 
  Oregon  , consisting of operations in the Portland, Oregon metropolitan area. 
  Corporate develops and implements strategic initiatives and supports the Company s operating segments by centralizing key administrative functions such as finance and treasury, information technology, risk management and litigation and human resources.  
  Segment financial information relating to the Company s operations was as follows (in thousands):  
  
   11 

(1) 
    Comprised primarily of cash and cash equivalents, deferred income taxes, receivables, and other assets. 

12 

Note 5 Real Estate Inventories 
  Real estate inventories consist of the following (in thousands):  

Note 6 Senior Notes, Secured, and Unsecured Indebtedness 
     Senior notes, secured, and unsecured indebtedness consist of the following (in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the maturities of the Notes payable, Subordinated amortizing notes, 5    3   /   4   % Senior Notes, 8    1   /   2   % Senior Notes, and 7% Senior Notes are as follows (in thousands): 

Maturities above exclude premium on the 8    1   /   2   % and 7% Senior Notes in an aggregate of   $3.8 million  , and deferred loan costs on the 5    3   /   4   %, 8    1   /   2   % and 7% Senior Notes of   $11.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .   
  
   13 

Notes Payable 
  Construction Notes Payable 
  The Company and certain of its consolidated joint ventures have entered into construction notes payable agreements.  These loans will be repaid with proceeds from closings and are secured by the underlying projects.  The issuance date, facility size, maturity date and interest rate are listed in the table below as of   September 30, 2016   (in millions):  

(1)    Loan bears interest at the Company's option of either LIBOR   +3.0%   or the prime rate   +1.0%  . 
  (2)    Loan bears interest at LIBOR   +3.25%    
  (3)    Loan bears interest at the prime rate   +0.5%  . 
  (4)    Loan relates to a project that is wholly-owned by the Company. 
  The construction notes payable contain certain financial maintenance covenants.  The Company was in compliance with all such covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Seller Financing 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $32.4 million   of notes payable outstanding related to   two   land acquisitions for which seller financing was provided.  The first note of approximately   $3.0 million   bears interest at a rate of   7%   per annum, is secured by the underlying land, and matures in August 2017.  This note was entered into with a related party. Refer to Note 8 for more details regarding the related party transaction.  The second note of   $29.4 million   bears interest at a rate of   7%   per annum, is secured by the underlying land, and matures in   June 2018  . 
  Revolving Line of Credit 
  On   July 1, 2016  , California Lyon and Parent entered into an amendment and restatement agreement pursuant to which its existing credit agreement providing for a revolving credit facility, as previously amended and restated on March 27, 2015 as described below, was further amended and restated in its entirety (as so further amended and restated, the "Second Amended Facility"). The Second Amended Facility amends and restates the Company s previous   $130.0 million   revolving credit facility and provides for total lending commitments of   $145.0 million  . In addition, the Second Amended Facility has an uncommitted accordion feature under which the Company may increase the total principal amount up to a maximum aggregate of   $200.0 million   under certain circumstances, as well as a sublimit of   $50.0 million   for letters of credit.  The Second Amended Facility, among other things, also amended the maturity date of the previous facility to   July 1, 2019  , provided that the Second Amended Facility will terminate on   January 14, 2019   (the  Springing Termination Date ) if, on the Springing Termination Date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of California Lyon s   5.75%   senior notes due 2019 is equal to or greater than the sum of (a)   50%   of the Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Second Amended Facility) of California Lyon, Parent, certain of the Parent s direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries (together with California Lyon and Parent, the  Loan Parties ) and their Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Second Amended Facility) for the four-quarter period ending   September 30, 2018  , plus (b) the Liquidity (as defined in the Second Amended Facility) of the Loan Parties and their consolidated subsidiaries on the Springing Termination Date. Further, the Second Amended Facility amended the maximum leverage ratio covenant to extend the timing of the gradual step-downs. Specifically, pursuant to the Second Amended Facility, the maximum leverage ratio will remain at   65%   from June 30, 2016 through and including December 30, 2016, will decrease to   62.5%   on the last day  
  
   14 

of the 2016 fiscal year, remain at   62.5%   from December 31, 2016 through and including June 29, 2017, and will further decrease to   60%   on the last day of the second quarter of 2017 and remain at   60%   thereafter. The Second Amended Facility did not revise any of our other financial covenants thereunder. 
  Prior to the entry into the Second Amended Facility as described above, on   March 27, 201  5, California Lyon and Parent entered into an amendment and restatement agreement which amended and restated the Company's previous   $100 million   revolving credit facility and provided for total lending commitments of   $130.0 million  , an uncommitted accordion feature under which the Company could increase the total principal amount up to a maximum aggregate of   $200.0 million   under certain circumstances (up from a maximum aggregate of   $125.0 million   under the previous facility), as well as a sublimit of   $50.0 million   for letters of credit, and extended the maturity date of the previous facility by one year to   August 7, 2017  . 
  The Second Amended Facility contains certain financial maintenance covenants, including (a) a minimum tangible net worth requirement of   $451.0 million   (which is subject to increase over time based on subsequent earnings and proceeds from equity offerings, as well as deferred tax assets to the extent included on the Company's financial statements), (b) a maximum leverage covenant that prohibits the leverage ratio (as defined therein) from exceeding   65%  , which maximum leverage ratio decreases to   62.5%   effective as of December 31, 2016, and further decreases to   60%   effective as of June 30, 2017, and (c) a covenant requiring us to maintain either (i) an interest coverage ratio (EBITDA to interest incurred, as defined therein) of at least   1.50   to 1.00 or (ii) liquidity (as defined therein) of an amount not less than the greater of our consolidated interest incurred during the trailing 12 months and   $50.0 million  . Our compliance with these financial covenants is measured by calculations and metrics that are specifically defined or described by the terms of the Second Amended Facility and can differ in certain respects from comparable GAAP or other commonly used terms.  The Second Amended Facility contains customary events of default, subject to cure periods in certain circumstances, including: nonpayment of principal, interest and fees or other amounts; violation of covenants; inaccuracy of representations and warranties; cross default to certain other indebtedness; unpaid judgments; and certain bankruptcy and other insolvency events. The occurrence of any event of default could result in the termination of the commitments under the Second Amended Facility and permit the lenders to accelerate payment on outstanding borrowings under the Second Amended Facility and require cash collateralization of outstanding letters of credit. If a change in control (as defined in the Second Amended Facility) occurs, the lenders may terminate the commitments under the Second Amended Facility and require that the Company repay outstanding borrowings under the Second Amended Facility and cash collateralize outstanding letters of credit. Interest rates on borrowings generally will be based on either LIBOR or a base rate, plus the applicable spread. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Second Amended Facility as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Borrowings under the Second Amended Facility, the availability of which is subject to a borrowing base formula, are required to be guaranteed by the Parent and certain of the Parent's wholly-owned subsidiaries, are secured by a pledge of all equity interests held by such guarantors, and may be used for general corporate purposes. Interest rates on borrowings generally will be based on either LIBOR or a base rate, plus the applicable spread. As of   September 30, 2016  , the commitment fee on the unused portion of the Second Facility accrues at an annual rate of   0.50  %. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   $96.0 million   and   $65.0 million   outstanding against the Second Amended Facility, respectively, at effective rates of   4.37%   and   3.32%  , respectively as well as a letter of credit for   $8.6 million   outstanding at both dates. 
    
  Subordinated Amortizing Notes 
    On November 21, 2014, in order to pay down amounts borrowed under the senior unsecured bridge loan facility entered into in conjunction with the Polygon Acquisition, the Company completed its public offering and sale of   1,000,000     6.50%   tangible equity units ( TEUs , or "Units"), sold for a stated amount of   $100   per Unit, featuring a   17.5%   conversion premium.  On December 3, 2014, the Company sold an additional   150,000   TEUs pursuant to an over-allotment option granted to the underwriters.  Each TEU is a unit composed of two parts:  
             
    a prepaid stock purchase contract (a  purchase contract  and 
                
    a senior subordinated amortizing note (an  amortizing note ). 
       
  Unless settled earlier at the holder s option, each purchase contract will automatically settle on December 1, 2017 (the "mandatory settlement date"), and the Company will deliver not more than   5.2247   shares of Class A Common Stock and not less than   4.4465   shares of Class A Common Stock on the mandatory settlement date, subject to adjustment, based upon the applicable settlement rate and applicable market value of Class A Common Stock. 
  Each amortizing note had an initial principal amount of   $18.01  , bears interest at the annual rate of   5.50%   and has a final installment payment date of December 1, 2017. On each March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1, commencing on March 1, 2015, William Lyon Homes will pay equal quarterly installments of   $1.6250   on each amortizing note (except for the  
  
   15 

March 1, 2015 installment payment, which was   $1.8056   per amortizing note). Each installment will constitute a payment of interest and a partial repayment of principal.  The amortizing notes rank equally in right of payment to all of the Company's existing and future senior indebtedness, other than borrowings under the Amended Facility and the Company's secured project level financing, which will be senior in right of payment to the obligations under the amortizing notes, in each case to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. 
  Each TEU may be separated into its constituent purchase contract and amortizing note on any business day during the period beginning on, and including, the business day immediately succeeding the date of initial issuance of the Units to, but excluding, the third scheduled trading day immediately preceding the mandatory settlement date.  Prior to separation, the purchase contracts and amortizing notes may only be purchased and transferred together as Units.   The net proceeds received from the TEU issuance were allocated between the amortizing note and the purchase contract under the relative fair value method, with amounts allocated to the purchase contract classified as additional paid-in capital.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the amortizing notes had an unamortized carrying value of   $9.0 million   and   $14.1 million  , respectively. 
    
  Senior Notes 
  5    3   /   4   % Senior Notes Due 2019 
            On March 31, 2014, California Lyon completed its private placement with registration rights of   5.75%   Senior Notes due 2019 (the "  5.75%   Notes"), in an aggregate principal amount of   $150 million  . The   5.75%   Notes were issued at   100%   of their aggregate principal amount. In August 2014, we exchanged   100%   of the initial   5.75%   Notes for notes that are freely transferable and registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). 
           As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding principal amount of the   5.75%   Notes was   $150 million  , excluding deferred loan costs of   $1.3 million  . The   5.75%   Notes bear interest at a rate of   5.75%   per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15, and mature on   April 15, 2019  . The   5.75%   Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several unsecured basis by Parent and certain of its existing and future restricted subsidiaries.  The   5.75%   Notes and the related guarantees are California Lyon s and the guarantors  unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future unsecured senior debt, including California Lyon s   $425 million   in aggregate principal amount of   8.5%   Senior Notes due 2020 and   $350 million   in aggregate principal amount of   7.00%   Notes, each as described below.  The   5.75%   Notes rank senior in right of payment to all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  future subordinated debt.  The   5.75%   Notes and the guarantees are and will be effectively junior to California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt.  
    
  8    1   /   2   % Senior Notes Due 2020 
           On November 8, 2012, California Lyon completed its private placement with registration rights of   8.5%   Senior Notes due 2020, (the "initial   8.5%   notes"), in an aggregate principal amount of   $325 million  . The initial   8.5%   Notes were issued at   100%   of their aggregate principal amount.  In July 2013, we exchanged   100%   of the initial   8.5%   Notes for notes that are freely transferable and registered under the Securities Act. 
    
           On October 24, 2013, California Lyon completed its private placement with registration rights of an additional   $100.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of its   8.5%   Senior Notes due 2020 (the  additional   8.5%   Notes , and together with the initial   8.5%   notes, the "  8.5%   Notes" ) at an issue price of   106.5%   of their aggregate principal amount, plus accrued interest from and including May 15, 2013, resulting in net proceeds of approximately   $104.7 million  .  In February 2014, we exchanged   100%   of the additional   8.5%   Notes for notes that are freely transferable and registered under the Securities Act. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   the outstanding principal amount of the   8.5%   Notes was   $425 million  , excluding unamortized premium of   $2.9 million   and deferred loan costs of   $5.1 million  . The   8.5%   Notes bear interest at a rate of   8.5%   per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15, and mature on   November 15, 2020  . The   8.5%   Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several unsecured basis by Parent and by certain of its existing and future restricted subsidiaries. The   8.5%   Notes and the related guarantees are California Lyon's and the guarantors' unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future unsecured senior debt, including the   5.75%   Notes, as described above, and the   7.00%   Notes, as described below. The   8.5%   Notes rank senior in right of payment to all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  future subordinated debt. The   8.5%   Notes and the guarantees are and will be effectively junior to any of California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt. 

16 

7% Senior Notes Due 2022 
  On August 11, 2014, WLH PNW Finance Corp. ( Escrow Issuer ), completed its private placement with registration rights of   7.00%   Senior Notes due   2022   (the  initial   7.00%   Notes ), in an aggregate principal amount of   $300 million  .  The initial   7.00%   Notes were issued at   100%   of their aggregate principal amount.  On   August 12, 2014  , in connection with the consummation of the Polygon Acquisition, Escrow Issuer merged with and into California Lyon, and California Lyon assumed the obligations of the Escrow Issuer under the initial   7.00%   Notes and the related indenture by operation of law (the  Escrow Merger ).  Following the Escrow Merger, California Lyon is the obligor under the initial   7.00%   Notes.  In January 2015, we exchanged   100%   of the initial   7.00%   Notes for notes that are freely transferable and registered under the Securities Act. 
  On September 15, 2015, California Lyon completed its private placement with registration rights of an additional   $50.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of its   7.00%   Senior Notes due   2022   (the  additional   7.00%   Notes , and together with the intial   7.00%   Notes, the "  7.00%   Notes") at an issue price of   102.0%   of their principal amount, plus accrued interest from August 15, 2015, resulting in net proceeds of approximately   $50.5 million  .  In January 2016, we exchanged   100%   of the additional   7.00%   Notes for notes that are freely transferable and registered under the Securities Act. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   the outstanding amount of the   7.00%   Notes was   $350 million  , excluding unamortized premium of   $0.9 million   and deferred loan costs of   $5.0 million  . The 7.00% Notes bear interest at a rate of   7.00%   per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15, and mature on   August 15, 2022  . The   7.00%   Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several unsecured basis by Parent and certain of its existing and future restricted subsidiaries.  The   7.00%   Notes and the related guarantees are California Lyon s and the guarantors  unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future unsecured senior debt, including California Lyon s   $150 million   in aggregate principal amount of   5.75%   Senior Notes due 2019 and   $425 million   in aggregate principal amount of   8.5%   Senior Notes due 2020, each as described above.  The   7.00%   Notes rank senior in right of payment to all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  future subordinated debt.  The   7.00%   Notes and the guarantees are and will be effectively junior to California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt.  
    
  Senior Note Covenant Compliance 
  The indentures governing the   5.75%   Notes, the   8.5%   Notes, and the   7.00%   Notes contain covenants that limit the ability of Parent, California Lyon, and their restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee certain additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends, distributions, or repurchase equity or make payments in respect of subordinated indebtedness; (iii) make certain investments; (iv) sell assets; (v) incur liens; (vi) enter into agreements restricting the ability of the Company s restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or transfer assets; (vii) enter into transactions with affiliates; (viii) create unrestricted subsidiaries; and (viii) consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications as described in the indentures. The Company was in compliance with all such covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  The following consolidating financial information includes: 
  (1) Consolidating balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  ; consolidating statements of operations for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ; and consolidating statements of cash flows for the   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , of (a) William Lyon Homes, as the parent, or  Delaware Lyon , (b) William Lyon Homes, Inc., as the subsidiary issuer, or  California Lyon , (c) the guarantor subsidiaries, (d) the non-guarantor subsidiaries and (e) William Lyon Homes, Inc. on a consolidated basis; and 
  (2) Elimination entries necessary to consolidate Delaware Lyon, with California Lyon and its guarantor and non-guarantor subsidiaries. 
  Delaware Lyon owns   100%   of all of its guarantor subsidiaries and all guarantees are full and unconditional, joint and several. As a result, in accordance with Rule 3-10 (d) of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC, no separate financial statements are required for these subsidiaries as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , and for the three and   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

17 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  (Unaudited) 
  As of   September 30, 2016 
  (in thousands) 

18 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  As of   December 31, 2015 
  (in thousands) 

19 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 
  Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016 
  (in thousands) 

20 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 
  Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 
  (in thousands) 

21 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
  (in thousands) 

22 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
  (in thousands) 

23 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
  (in thousands) 

24 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
  (in thousands) 

25 

Note 7 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure   ( ASC 820 ), the Company is required to disclose the estimated fair value of financial instruments. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company used the following assumptions to estimate the fair value of each type of financial instrument for which it is practicable to estimate: 

Notes payable The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value of the notes payable because market rates are unchanged since inception and/or the outstanding balance at quarter end is expected to be repaid within one year. 

Subordinated amortizing notes The Subordinated amortizing notes are traded over the counter and their fair values were based upon quotes from industry sources. 

5    3   /   4   % Senior Notes due April 15, 2019  The 5    3   /  4  % Senior Notes are traded over the counter and their fair values were based upon quotes from industry sources. 

8    1   /  2  % Senior Notes due November 15, 2020  The 8    1   /  2  % Senior Notes are traded over the counter and their fair values were based upon quotes from industry sources. 

7% Senior Notes due August 15, 2022  The 7% Senior Notes are traded over the counter and their fair values were based upon quotes from industry sources. 
       
  The following table excludes cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, receivables and accounts payable, which had fair values approximating their carrying amounts due to the short maturities and liquidity of these instruments. The estimated fair values of financial instruments are as follows (in thousands): 

ASC 820 establishes a framework for measuring fair value, expands disclosures regarding fair value measurements and defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820 requires the Company to maximize the use of observable market inputs, minimize the use of unobservable market inputs and disclose in the form of an outlined hierarchy the details of such fair value measurements. The Company used Level 3 to measure the fair value of its Notes payable, and Level 2 to measure the fair value of its Senior notes and Subordinated amortizing notes.  ASC 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to a fair value measurement are considered to be observable or unobservable in a marketplace. The three levels of the hierarchy are as follows: 
             
    Level 1 quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets; 
                
    Level 2 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets; and 
                
    Level 3 valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

26 

Note 8 Related Party Transactions 
    
          On September 3, 2009, Presley CMR, Inc., a California corporation ( Presley CMR ) and a wholly owned subsidiary of California Lyon, entered into an Aircraft Purchase and Sale Agreement ( PSA ) with an affiliate of General William Lyon to sell an aircraft (the  Aircraft ). The PSA provided for an aggregate purchase price for the Aircraft of   $8.3 million  , (which value was the appraised fair market value of the Aircraft), which consisted of: (i) cash in the amount of   $2.1 million   to be paid at closing and (ii) a promissory note from the affiliate in the amount of   $6.2 million  .  The note was secured by the Aircraft and required semiannual interest payments to California Lyon of approximately   $0.1 million  . The note provided for a maturity date in   September 2016  .  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the promissory note was paid in full by the borrower prior to the   September 2016   maturity date, along with all accrued interest to date. 
    
          In August 2016 the Company acquired certain lots within a master planned community located in Aurora, Colorado, for an overall purchase price of approximately   $9.3 million  , from an entity managed by an affiliate of Paulson   Co., Inc. ( Paulson ).  WLH Recovery Acquisition LLC, which is affiliated with, and managed by affiliates of, Paulson, holds over   5%   of Parent s outstanding Class A common stock.  A portion of the acquisition price for the lots was paid in the form of a seller note with a principal amount of approximately   $3.0 million   (see Note 6).  The Company believes that the transaction, including the terms of the seller note, was on terms no less favorable than it would have agreed to with unrelated parties. 

Note 9 Income Taxes 
  Since inception, the Company has operated solely within the United States.  The Company s effective income tax rate was   33.4%   and   33.4%  , and   28.8%   and   32.3%   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30,   2016 and 2015, respectively.  The significant drivers of the effective tax rate are allocation of income to noncontrolling interests, change in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, and the domestic production activities deduction. 
  Management assesses its deferred tax assets quarterly to determine whether all or any portion of the asset is more likely than not unrealizable under ASC 740. The Company is required to establish a valuation allowance for any portion of the asset that management concludes is more likely than not to be unrealizable. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company's assessment considers all evidence, both positive and negative, including the nature, frequency and severity of any current and cumulative losses, taxable income in carry back years, the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, tax planning strategies, and projected future taxable income in making this assessment. At   September 30, 2016   the Company s had   no   amounts recorded as a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   remaining federal net operating loss carryforwards and   $54.7 million   of remaining state net operating loss carryforwards. State net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2031. In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had unused federal and state built-in losses of   $53.2 million   and   $7.5 million  , respectively.  The   five   year testing period for built-in losses expires in 2017 and the unused built-in loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2032.  The Company had AMT credit carryovers of   $1.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  , which have an indefinite life. 
  FASB ASC Topic 740  ,      Income Taxes   ( ASC 740 ), prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement criterion for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be considered more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company records interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of the provision for income taxes. The Company has   no   unrecognized tax benefits. 
  The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax examination for calendar tax years ended 2012 through 2015 and forward. The Company is subject to various state income tax examinations for calendar tax years ended 2008 through 2015 and forward.  
   
  Note 10 Income Per Common Share 
  Basic and diluted income per common share for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were calculated as follows (in thousands, except number of shares and per share amounts): 

27 

Note 11 Stock Based Compensation 
  We account for share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718,   Compensation-Stock Compensation  , which requires the fair value of stock-based compensation awards to be amortized as an expense over the vesting period. Stock-based compensation awards are valued at the fair value on the date of grant. Compensation expense for awards with performance based conditions is recognized over the vesting period once achievement of the performance condition is deemed probable. 
  During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company granted   31,571   and   291,368   shares of restricted stock, respectively. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company granted   566,092   shares of performance based restricted stock.  On the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statement of Equity, the Company considers unvested shares of restricted stock to be issued, but not outstanding. 
  The Company recorded total stock based compensation expense during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   of   $1.5 million   and   $4.1 million  , and   $1.6 million   and   $4.8 million  , respectively. 

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Awards 
    
          With respect to the performance based restricted stock awards granted to certain employees during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the actual number of such shares of restricted stock that will be earned (the  Earned Shares ) is subject to the Company s achievement of pre-established performance targets as of the end of the 2016 fiscal year.  For each of the aforementioned awards, one-third of the Earned Shares will vest on March 1st of each of 2017, 2018 and 2019, subject to each grantee s continued service through each vesting date.  Based on the probability assessment as of   September 30, 2016  , management determined that the currently available data was sufficient to support that the achievement of the minimum threshold for one of the performance targets is probable, and as such, compensation expense of   $0.3 million   has been recognized for these awards to date. 
    
  Restricted Stock Awards 
           With respect to the restricted stock awards granted to certain employees during the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , representing   250,304   shares of restricted stock,   163,269   of such shares are subject to a vesting schedule pursuant to which one-third of the shares will vest on March 1st of each of 2017, 2018 and 2019,   55,464   of such shares are subject to a vesting schedule pursuant to which one-half of the shares will vest on March 1st of each of 2017 and 2018,   3,548   of such shares have a vesting schedule pursuant to which one-half of the shares will vest on August 9th of each of 2017 and 2018,   20,697   of such shares are subject to a vesting schedule pursuant to which 100% of the shares will vest on August 9, 2018, and   7,326   of such shares have a vesting schedule pursuant to which one-half of the shares will vest on September 6th of each of 2017 and 2018, in each case subject to each grantee s continued service through each vesting date.  With respect to the restricted stock awards granted to certain non-employee directors of the Company during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , representing   41,064   shares of restricted stock, the awards vest in equal quarterly installments on each of June 1, 2016,  
  
   28 

September 1, 2016, December 1, 2016 and March 1, 2017, subject to each grantee s continued service on the board through each vesting date.  

Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies  
  The Company s commitments and contingent liabilities include the usual obligations incurred by real estate developers in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, these matters will not have a material effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits related to its normal business activities. We believe that the accruals we have recorded for probable and reasonably estimable losses with respect to these proceedings are adequate and that, as of   September 30, 2016  , it was not reasonably possible that an additional material loss had been incurred in an amount in excess of the estimated amounts already recognized on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  We evaluate our accruals for litigation and regulatory proceedings, and as appropriate, adjust them to reflect (i) the facts and circumstances known to us at the time, including information regarding negotiations, settlements, rulings and other relevant events and developments; (ii) the advice and analyses of counsel; and (iii) the assumptions and judgment of management. Similar factors and considerations are used in establishing new accruals for proceedings as to which losses have become probable and reasonably estimable at the time an evaluation is made.  The outcome of any of these proceedings, including the defense and other litigation-related costs and expenses we may incur, however, is inherently uncertain and could differ significantly from the estimate reflected in a related accrual, if made. Therefore, it is possible that the ultimate outcome of any proceeding, if in excess of a related accrual or if no accrual had been made, could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
  We have non-cancelable operating leases primarily associated with our office facilities. Rent expense under cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases totaled   $1.0 million   and   $2.9 million  , and   $1.1 million   and   $2.8 million  , respectively, in the three and   nine   months ended   September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively, and is included in general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations for the respective periods. The table below shows the future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases at   September 30, 2016   (in thousands). 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had   $0.0 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively, in deposits as collateral for outstanding surety bonds to guarantee the Company s financial obligations under certain contractual arrangements in the normal course of business. The standby letters of credit were secured by cash as reflected as restricted cash on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
  The Company also had outstanding performance and surety bonds of   $195.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  , related principally to its obligations for site improvements at various projects. The Company does not believe that draws upon these bonds, if any, will have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $238.5 million   of project commitments relating to the construction of projects. 
  See Note 6 for additional information relating to the Company s guarantee arrangements. 
  The Company has entered into various purchase option agreements with third parties to acquire land. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has made non-refundable deposits of   $55.6 million  . The Company is under no obligation to purchase the land, but would forfeit remaining deposits if the land were not purchased. The total remaining purchase price under the option agreements is   $447.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 

29 

Note 13 Subsequent Events 
    
            No events have occurred subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , that would require recognition or disclosure in the Company s financial statements. 
  
   30 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

WILLIAM LYON HOMES 
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The Company is one of the largest Western U.S. regional homebuilders. Headquartered in Newport Beach, California, the Company is primarily engaged in the design, construction, marketing and sale of single-family detached and attached homes in California, Arizona, Nevada, Colorado, Oregon, and Washington. The Company s core markets include Orange County, Los Angeles, the Inland Empire, the San Francisco Bay Area, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Denver, Portland, and Seattle. The Company has a distinguished legacy of more than 60 years of homebuilding operations, over which time it has sold in excess of 97,000 homes. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   (the "  2016   period"), the Company had revenues from homes sales of   $929.0 million  , a   36%   increase from   $681.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   (the "  2015   period"), which includes results from all reportable operating segments. The Company had net new home orders of   2,211   homes in the   2016   period, a   7%   increase from   2,059   in the   2015   period, while the average sales price ("ASP") for homes closed increased   9%   to   $494,400   in the   2016   period from   $453,000   in the   2015   period. 
  The following discussion of results of operations and financial condition contains forward-looking statements reflecting current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. See the section titled,  CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in such section. 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("U.S. GAAP"), and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), and are presented on a going concern basis, which assumes the Company will be able to operate in the ordinary course of its business and realize its assets and discharge its liabilities for the foreseeable future. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company delivered   1,879   homes, with an ASP of approximately   $494,400  , and recognized home sales revenue of   $929.0 million  .  The Company generated net income to common shareholders of   $36.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and earnings per share of   $0.96  , on a diluted basis.  The Company continues to see positive trends in price appreciation at most of its projects over the course of the year, and our average sales price of homes in backlog is approximately   $551,900   as of   September 30, 2016  , which is   12%   higher than the average sales price of homes closed for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   of   $494,400  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was selling homes in   76   communities, and our average community count for the   nine   month period then ended was   73   locations.  We had a consolidated backlog of   1,071   homes sold but not closed, with an associated sales value of   $591.0 million  , representing a   4%   increase in units, and a   10%   increase in dollar value, as compared to the backlog at   September 30, 2015  . 
  Homebuilding gross margin percentage and adjusted homebuilding gross margin percentage was   17.1%   and   23.5%  , respectively, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   18.6%   and   25.1%  , respectively, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Comparisons of the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   to   September 30, 2015    
  Revenues from homes sales increased   40%   to   $342.6 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $244.3 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase is primarily due to the opening of new communities across our reporting segments, which contributes to a higher number of deliveries, as well as an   18%   increase in average sales price.  The number of net new home orders for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   4%   to   651   homes from   628   homes for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .    
  
   31 

The   4%   increase in net new homes orders is driven by a   7%   increase in average number of sales locations to   78   average locations in   2016  , compared to   73   in the   2015   period, driven by the opening of new communities in California, Arizona, Nevada and Oregon, offset by a slight decline in monthly absorption to 2.8 sales per month from 2.9. 

Cancellation rates during the   2016   period decreased to   20%   from   23%   during the   2015   period. Cancellation rates typically are driven by personal factors affecting buyers and may not be indicative of any overarching trends affecting regions. 

The average number of sales locations for the Company increased to   78   locations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   73   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , driven by the opening of new communities in California, Arizona, Nevada and Oregon during   2016  , as the Company continues to convert its land supply into home sites.  During the period, the Company opened 5 communities, while closing out 8. 
  
   32 

The Company's consolidated quarterly absorption rate, representing number of net new home orders divided by average sales locations for the period, decreased slightly for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   to   8.3   sales per project from   8.6   in the   2015   period. Absorption rates declined in Washington from   11.0   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   16.3   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  ; however, Washington continues to represent the second highest absorption rate across all reporting segments during the 2016 period. 

The Company s backlog at   September 30, 2016   increased   4%   to   1,071   units from   1,032   units at   September 30, 2015  . The increase is primarily attributable to an increase in net new home orders to   651   in the current period from   628   in the prior year offset by a higher backlog conversion rate of 62% in current period compared to 58% in the prior period. 

The dollar amount of backlog of homes sold but not closed as of   September 30, 2016   was   $591.0 million  , up   10%   from   $537.1 million   as of   September 30, 2015  .  The increase primarily reflects an increase in net new orders as described above, coupled with a   6%   increase in the ASP of homes in backlog when compared with the prior period.  The increase in the dollar amount of backlog of homes sold but not closed as described above generally results in an increase in operating revenues in the subsequent period as compared to the previous period.  
  
   33 

In California, the dollar amount of backlog increased   10%   to   $260.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $236.2 million   as of   September 30, 2015  , which is attributable to a   10%   increase in units in backlog. 
  In Arizona, the dollar amount of backlog increased   20%   to   $71.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $59.7 million   as of   September 30, 2015  , which is attributable to a   6%   increase in the number of homes in backlog, to   252   at   September 30, 2016  , from   238   at   September 30, 2015  . 
  In Nevada, the dollar amount of backlog increased   11%   to   $78.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $70.6 million   as of   September 30, 2015  , attributable to a   14%   increase in units in backlog, to   124   as of   September 30, 2016   from   109   as of   September 30, 2015  , partially offset by a   3%   decrease in average sales price of homes in backlog to   $631,300   as of   September 30, 2016  , from   $647,700   as of   September 30, 2015  . 
  In Colorado, the dollar amount of backlog decreased   8%   to   $59.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $64.3 million   as of   September 30, 2015  , which is attributable to a   16%   decrease in the number of units in backlog, to   112   units as of   September 30, 2016  , from   134   units as of   September 30, 2015  , partially offset by a   11%   increase of the ASP of homes in backlog to   $530,800   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $479,900   as of   September 30, 2015  . 
  In Washington, the dollar amount of backlog decreased   1%   to   $36.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $36.9 million   as of   September 30, 2015  , which is attributable to a   37%   decrease in the number of units in backlog, to   57   units as of   September 30, 2016  , from   90   units as of   September 30, 2015  .  This decrease is mostly offset by a   56%   increase in the ASP of homes in backlog to   $640,700   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $410,000   as of   September 30, 2015  . 
  In Oregon, the dollar amount of backlog increased   23%   to   $85.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $69.4 million   as of   September 30, 2015  , which is primarily attributable to a   21%   increase in the number of units in backlog, to   199   units as of   September 30, 2016  , from   164   units as of   September 30, 2015  , coupled with a   1%   increase in the ASP of homes in backlog to   $427,600   in the   2016   period from   $423,100   in the   2015   period. 

During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the number of homes closed increased   19%   to   673   from   564   in the   2015   period.  The increase was primarily attributable to the California, Arizona, Nevada, Colorado and Oregon reporting segments, driven by a higher number of homes in backlog to begin the quarter when compared with the   2015   period.  These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the Washington reporting segment.      

34 

The   40%   increase in homebuilding revenue is driven by the   19%   increase in homes closed discussed above, coupled with a   18%   increase in the average sales price of homes closed between the   2016   and   2015   periods. 

The average sales price of homes closed during the   2016   period increased   18%   due to an increase in the average sales price of homes closed, primarily driven by product mix, in all reporting segments except Arizona, which declined by a nominal amount. In addition to the product mix shift, the increase in ASP in Washington was also due to price appreciation in certain communities that were open in both the 2016 and 2015 periods. 
    
  Gross Margin 
  Homebuilding gross margins decreased to   16.6%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   18.0%   in the   2015   period, primarily driven by rising labor and land costs, as well as an increase in capitalized interest being amortized through cost of sales, which increased to 400 basis points compared to 340 basis points in the 2015 period, and which also included infrastructure charges included in cost of sales for two sold out projects in Northern California, which impacted gross margins for the period. 
  For the comparison of the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , adjusted homebuilding gross margin percentage, which excludes previously capitalized interest included in cost of sales as well as the effect of adjustments recorded in relation to purchase accounting, was   22.2%   for the 2016 period compared to   24.7%   for the 2015 period. The decrease was primarily a result of the decrease in homebuilding gross margins described above coupled with a decrease in the impact of purchase accounting. 
  Adjusted homebuilding gross margin is a non-GAAP financial measure. The Company believes this information is meaningful as it isolates the impact that interest and purchase accounting have on homebuilding gross margin and permits investors to make better comparisons with the Company's competitors, who also break out and adjust gross margins in a similar fashion. For comparative purposes purchase accounting is the net adjustment in basis related to the acquisition of our Colorado, Washington and Oregon operating divisions. See table set forth below reconciling this non-GAAP measure to homebuilding gross margin.    

35 

Construction Services Revenue 
  Construction services revenue, which is only in the California reporting segment, was   $0.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   $4.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in revenue attributable to one project in Northern California, which has closed out.  During the fourth quarter of 2015 and continuing into 2016, the Company finalized significant construction services projects. 
  Sales and Marketing, General and Administrative   

  Sales and marketing expense as a percentage of home sales revenue decreased to   5.3%   in the   2016   period compared to   6.3%   in the   2015   period as a result of lower advertising and upfront marketing costs.  General and administrative expense as a percentage of home sales revenues decreased to   5.1%   in the   2016   period compared to   5.7%   in the   2015   period.  The decrease is driven by increased revenues and improved operating leverage on our increased headcount. 
  Equity in Income of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
           Equity in income of unconsolidated joint ventures increased to   $1.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $1.0 million   during the   2015   period.  The increase reflects the expanding operations of the mortgage joint ventures in which the Company holds a non-consolidated equity interest. 
  Other Items 
  Interest activity for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   is as follows (in thousands):    

The increase in interest incurred for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the interest incurred for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , reflects an increase in the Company's overall debt, offset by a decrease in effective interest rates. The Company capitalized all of the interest it incurred during both periods presented due to its qualifying assets exceeding its outstanding debt. 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   the Company sold two parcels of land resulting in a   $2.7 million   gain. 
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of   $8.3 million  , for an effective tax rate of   33.4%  . The significant drivers of the effective rate are the allocation of income to noncontrolling interests, change in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, and domestic production activities deduction.  During the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of   $5.0 million   for an effective tax rate of   28.8%  . 

36 

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased to   $3.4 million   during the   2016   period from   $0.2 million   during the   2015   period, reflecting the stage in the project development cycle of a number of our recently entered into joint venture projects and an increase in deliveries. 
  Net Income Attributable to Common Stockholders 
  As a result of the foregoing factors, net income attributable to common stockholders for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015   was   $13.1 million  , and   $12.1 million  , respectively. 
  Lots Owned and Controlled 
  The table below summarizes the Company s lots owned and controlled as of the periods presented: 

(1) 
    Lots controlled may be purchased by the Company as consolidated projects or may be purchased by newly formed joint ventures. 
     Total lots owned and controlled has increased to   18,149   lots owned and controlled at   September 30, 2016   from   17,673   lots at   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  Comparisons of the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   to   September 30, 2015    
  Revenues from homes sales increased   36%   to   $929.0 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $681.8 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase is primarily due to the opening of new communities across our reporting segments.  The number of net new home orders for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased   7%   to   2,211   homes from   2,059   homes for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    
  
   37 

The   7%   increase in net new homes orders is driven by a   12%   increase in average number of sales locations to   73   average locations in   2016  , compared to   65   in the   2015   period, driven by an increase in the average number of communities in all reporting segments with the exception of Colorado and Washington.  

Cancellation rates during the   2016   period decreased to   15%   from   19%   during the   2015   period. Cancellation rates typically are driven by personal factors affecting buyers and may not be indicative of any overarching trends affecting regions. 

The average number of sales locations for the Company increased to   73   locations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   65   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , driven by an increase in community count in all reporting segments except Colorado and Washington during   2016  , as the Company continues to convert its land supply  
  
   38 

into home sites.    

  The Company's consolidated average quarterly absorption rate, representing number of net new home orders divided by average sales locations by period for the first three quarters of   2016  , decreased slightly for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   to   10.1   sales per project from   10.6   in the   2015   period.  Average quarterly absorption rates declined in Washington from   13.2   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   18.3   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  ; however, Washington continues to represent the second highest absorption rate across all reporting segments during the 2016 period.    

During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the number of homes closed increased   25%   to   1,879   from   1,505   in the   2015   period.  The increase was primarily attributable to the California, Arizona, Nevada, Colorado and Oregon reporting segments, driven by a higher number of homes in backlog to begin the year when compared with the   2015   period, coupled with a   12%   increase in average sales locations from the 2015 period.  These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the Washington reporting segment.      

  The   36%   increase in homebuilding revenue is driven by the   25%   increase in homes closed discussed above, coupled with a   9%   increase in the average sales price of homes closed between the   2016   and   2015   periods. 
  
   39 

The average sales price of homes closed during the   2016   period increased   9%   due to an increase in the average sales price of homes closed, primarily driven by product mix, in all reporting segments except Arizona, which experienced nominal decreases.  In addition to the product mix shift, the increase in ASP in Washington was also due to price appreciation in certain communities that were open in both the 2016 and 2015 periods. 
    
  Gross Margin 
  Homebuilding gross margins decreased to   17.1%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   18.6%   in the   2015   period, primarily driven by rising labor and land costs, as well as an increase in capitalized interest being amortized through cost of sales, which increased to 420 basis points compared to 350 basis points in the 2015 period, and which included infrastructure charges included in cost of sales for two sold out projects in Northern California, which impacted gross margins for the period. 
  For the comparison of the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , adjusted homebuilding gross margin percentage, which excludes previously capitalized interest included in cost of sales as well as the effect of adjustments recorded in relation to purchase accounting, was   23.5%   for the 2016 period compared to   25.1%   for the 2015 period. The decrease was primarily a result of the decrease in homebuilding gross margins described above. 
  Adjusted homebuilding gross margin is a non-GAAP financial measure. The Company believes this information is meaningful as it isolates the impact that interest and purchase accounting have on homebuilding gross margin and permits investors to make better comparisons with the Company's competitors, who also break out and adjust gross margins in a similar fashion. For comparative purposes purchase accounting is the net adjustment in basis related to the acquisition of our Colorado, Washington and Oregon operating divisions. See table set forth below reconciling this non-GAAP measure to homebuilding gross margin. 

40 

Construction Services Revenue 
  Construction services revenue, which is only in the California reporting segment, was   $3.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   $19.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in revenue attributable to one project in Northern California, which has closed out.  During the fourth quarter of 2015 and continuing into 2016, the Company finalized significant construction services projects. 
  Sales and Marketing, General and Administrative   

  Sales and marketing expense as a percentage of home sales revenue decreased to   5.5%   in the   2016   period compared to   6.2%   in the   2015   period as result of lower advertising and upfront marketing costs.  General and administrative expense as a percentage of home sales revenues decreased to   5.6%   in the   2016   period compared to   6.1%   in the   2015   period.  The decrease is driven by increased revenues and improved operating leverage on our increased headcount. 
  Equity in Income of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
  Equity in income of unconsolidated joint ventures increased to   $3.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $1.8 million   during the   2015   period.  The increase reflects the expanding operations of the mortgage joint ventures in which the Company holds a non-consolidated equity interest. 
  Other Items 
  Interest activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   is as follows (in thousands):    

The increase in interest incurred for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the interest incurred for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , reflects an increase in the Company's overall debt, offset by a decrease in effective interest rates. The Company capitalized all of the interest it incurred during both periods presented due to its qualifying assets exceeding its outstanding debt. 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   the Company sold   five   parcels of land resulting in a   $2.7 million   gain. 
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of   $20.9 million  , for an effective tax rate of   33.4%  . The significant drivers of the effective rate are the allocation of income to noncontrolling interests, change in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, and domestic production activities deduction.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of   $15.8 million   for an effective tax rate of   32.3%  . 

41 

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased to   $4.9 million   during the   2016   period from   $2.1 million   during the   2015   period, reflecting the stage in the project development cycle of a number of our recently entered into joint venture projects and an increase in deliveries. 
  Net Income Attributable to Common Stockholders 
  As a result of the foregoing factors, net income attributable to common stockholders for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015   was   $36.6 million  , and   $31.0 million  , respectively. 

Financial Condition and Liquidity 
  The U.S. housing market has continued to improve from the cyclical low points of the early years of the last real estate cycle.  Strong housing markets have been associated with great affordability, a healthy domestic economy, positive demographic trends, including employment and population growth.  While the homebuilding industry encountered some challenges during 2015 and continuing in 2016, including constrained subcontractor and labor availability, increased cycle times, volatility in global and financial markets, and weather challenges during the first   nine   months of 2016 the Company has continued to show year-over-year improvement in deliveries, revenues, orders, and pre-tax income. 
  The Company benefits from a sizable and well-located lot supply, and as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company owned   13,867   lots, all of which are entitled, and had options to purchase an additional   4,282   lots.  The Company s lot supply reflects its balanced approach to land investment. The Company has a diverse mix of finished lots available for near-term homebuilding operations and longer-term strategic land positions to support future growth. The Company believes that its current inventory of owned and controlled lots is sufficient to supply the vast majority of its projected future home closings for the next several years.  The Company has continued to experience increased cycle times in a number of its operating segments in the start of 2016, and the availability of qualified trades with the associated delays and cost increases are challenges faced by the Company and the entire homebuilding industry during 2015 and into 2016.  The Company continues to implement new strategies to temper the impact of these challenges in an effort to manage cycle times and deliveries. 
  Since our initial public offering, which raised approximately $163.7 million of net proceeds, the Company has access to the public equity and debt markets, which it has utilized as a significant source of financing for investing in land in our existing markets or financing expansion into new markets, such as the Company s acquisition of Polygon Northwest Homes during 2014. 
  The Company provides for its ongoing cash requirements with the proceeds from capital markets transactions, as well as from internally generated funds from the sales of homes and/or land sales. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company delivered   1,879   homes, and recognized home sales revenue of   $929.0 million  .  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company used cash in operations of   $83.0 million  , which included investment in land acquisitions of   $247.1 million  , for net cash generated by operations of   $164.1 million  .  In addition, the Company has the option to use additional outside borrowing, form new joint ventures with partners that could provide a substantial portion of the capital required for certain projects, buy land via lot options or land banking arrangements, and engage in future transactions in the public equity and debt markets.  The Company has financed, and may in the future finance, certain projects and land acquisitions with construction loans secured by real estate inventories, seller-provided financing, land banking transactions, and capital markets transactions. The Company may also draw on its revolving line of credit to fund land acquisitions, as discussed below.  We believe we are well-positioned with a strong balance sheet and sufficient liquidity for supporting our ongoing operations and growth initiatives.  
    
  Tangible Equity Units 
  On November 21, 2014, in order to pay down amounts borrowed under the senior unsecured bridge loan facility entered into in conjunction with the Polygon Acquisition, the Company completed its public offering and sale of   1,000,000     6.50%   tangible equity units ( TEUs , or "Units"), sold for a stated amount of   $100   per Unit, featuring a   17.5%   conversion premium.  On December 3, 2014, the Company sold an additional   150,000   TEUs pursuant to an over-allotment option granted to the underwriters.  Each TEU is a unit composed of two parts:  
             
    a prepaid stock purchase contract (a  purchase contract  and 
     
   42 

a senior subordinated amortizing note (an  amortizing note ). 
       
  Unless settled earlier at the holder s option, each purchase contract will automatically settle on December 1, 2017 (the "mandatory settlement date"), and the Company will deliver not more than 5.2247 shares of Class A Common Stock and not less than 4.4465 shares of Class A Common Stock on the mandatory settlement date, subject to adjustment, based upon the applicable settlement rate and applicable market value of Class A Common Stock. 
  Each amortizing note had an initial principal amount of   $18.01  , bears interest at the annual rate of   5.50%   and has a final installment payment date of December 1, 2017. On each March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1, commencing on March 1, 2015, William Lyon Homes will pay equal quarterly installments of   $1.6250   on each amortizing note (except for the March 1, 2015 installment payment, which was   $1.8056   per amortizing note). Each installment will constitute a payment of interest and a partial repayment of principal.  The amortizing notes rank equally in right of payment to all of the Company's existing and future senior indebtedness, other than borrowings under the Amended Facility and the Company's secured project level financing, which will be senior in right of payment to the obligations under the amortizing notes, in each case to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. 
  Each TEU may be separated into its constituent purchase contract and amortizing note on any business day during the period beginning on, and including, the business day immediately succeeding the date of initial issuance of the Units to, but excluding, the third scheduled trading day immediately preceding the mandatory settlement date. Prior to separation, the purchase contracts and amortizing notes may only be purchased and transferred together as Units.   The net proceeds received from the TEU issuance were allocated between the amortizing note and the purchase contract under the relative fair value method, with amounts allocated to the purchase contract classified as additional paid-in capital.  As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the amortizing notes had an unamortized carrying value of   $9.0 million   and   $14.1 million  , respectively. 
  The Company used the net proceeds from the offering of the TEUs to pay down approximately $111.2 million of outstanding debt under a senior unsecured bridge loan facility used to finance the Company's acquisition of Polygon Northwest Homes during 2014. 
               
  5    3   /   4   % Senior Notes Due 2019 
             On March 31, 2014, California Lyon completed its offering of 5.75% Senior Notes due 2019 (the "5.75% Notes"), in an aggregate principal amount of   $150 million  . The 5.75% Notes were issued at   100%   of their aggregate principal amount.  
           As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding principal amount of the 5.75% Notes was $150.0 million, excluding deferred loan costs of   $1.3 million  . The 5.75% Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.75% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15, and mature on   April 15, 2019  . The 5.75% Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several unsecured basis by Parent and certain of its existing and future restricted subsidiaries.  The 5.75% Notes and the related guarantees are California Lyon s and the guarantors  unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future unsecured senior debt, including California Lyon s   $425 million   in aggregate principal amount of   8.5%   Senior Notes due 2020 and   $350 million   in aggregate principal amount of 7.00% Notes, each as described below.  The 5.75% Notes rank senior in right of payment to all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  future subordinated debt.  The 5.75% Notes and the guarantees are and will be effectively junior to California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt.  
  8    1   /   2   % Senior Notes Due 2020 
  On November 8, 2012, California Lyon completed its offering of 8.5% Senior Notes due 2020, (the "initial 8.5% Notes"), in an aggregate principal amount of   $325 million  . The initial 8.5% Notes were issued at   100%   of their aggregate principal amount. 
    
           On October 24, 2013, California Lyon completed the sale to certain purchasers of an additional $100.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 8.5% Senior Notes due 2020 (the  additional 8.5% Notes , and together with the initial 8.5% notes, the "8.5% Notes" ) at an issue price of 106.5% of their aggregate principal amount, plus accrued interest from and including May 15, 2013, resulting in net proceeds of approximately   $104.7 million  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016   the outstanding principal amount of the 8.5% Notes was $425 million, excluding unamortized premium of   $2.9 million   and deferred loan costs of   $5.1 million  . The 8.5% Notes bear interest at a rate of   8.5%   per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15, and mature on   November 15, 2020  . The 8.5% Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several unsecured basis by Parent and by certain of its existing and future restricted subsidiaries. The 8.5% Notes and the related guarantees are California Lyon's and the guarantors' unsecured senior obligations  
  
   43 

and rank equally in right of payment with all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future unsecured senior debt, including, the 5.75% Notes, as described above, and the 7.00% Notes, as described below. The 8.5% Notes rank senior in right of payment to all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  future subordinated debt. The 8.5% Notes and the guarantees are and will be effectively junior to any of California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt. 
    
  7.00% Senior Notes due 2022 
  On August 11, 2014, WLH PNW Finance Corp. ( Escrow Issuer ), completed its offering of 7.00% Senior Notes due 2022 (the  initial 7.00% Notes ), in an aggregate principal amount of $300 million.  The initial 7.00% Notes were issued at 100% of their aggregate principal amount.  On August 12, 2014, in connection with the consummation of the Polygon Acquisition, Escrow Issuer merged with and into California Lyon, and California Lyon assumed the obligations of the Escrow Issuer under the initial 7.00% Notes and the related indenture by operation of law (the  Escrow Merger ).  Following the Escrow Merger, California Lyon is the obligor under the initial 7.00% Notes.  In January 2015, we exchanged   100%   of the initial 7.00% Notes for notes that are freely transferable and registered under the Securities Act. 
  On September 15, 2015, California Lyon completed its private placement with registration rights of an additional   $50.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of its   7.00%   Senior Notes due   2022   (the  additional 7.00% Notes , and together with the initial 7.00% Notes, the "7.00% Notes") at an issue price of 102.0% of their principal amount, plus accrued interest from August 15, 2015, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $50.5 million.  In January 2016, we exchanged 100% of the additional 7.00% Notes for notes that are freely transferable and registered under the Securities Act. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the outstanding principal amount of the 7.00% Notes was $350 million, excluding unamortized premium of   $0.9 million   and deferred loan costs of   $5.0 million  . The 7.00% Notes bear interest at a rate of 7.00% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15, and mature on August 15, 2022. The 7.00% Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several unsecured basis by Parent and certain of its existing and future restricted subsidiaries.  The 7.00% Notes and the related guarantees are California Lyon s and the guarantors  unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future unsecured senior debt, including California Lyon s   $150 million   in aggregate principal amount of   5.75%   Senior Notes due 2019 and   $425 million   in aggregate principal amount of   8.5%   Senior Notes due 2020, each as described above.  The 7.00% Notes rank senior in right of payment to all of California Lyon s and the guarantors  future subordinated debt.  The 7.00% Notes and the guarantees are and will be effectively junior to California Lyon s and the guarantors  existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt.  
    
  Senior Notes Covenant Compliance 
  The indentures governing the 5.75% Notes, the 8.5% Notes, and the 7.00% Notes contain covenants that limit the ability of Parent, California Lyon, and their restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee certain additional indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends, distributions, or repurchase equity or make payments in respect of subordinated indebtedness; (iii) make certain investments; (iv) sell assets; (v) incur liens; (vi) enter into agreements restricting the ability of the Company s restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or transfer assets; (vii) enter into transactions with affiliates; (viii) create unrestricted subsidiaries; and (viii) consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications as described in the Indenture. The Company was in compliance with all such covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Revolving Lines of Credit  
  On   July 1, 2016  , California Lyon and Parent entered into an amendment and restatement agreement, pursuant to which its existing credit agreement providing for a revolving credit facility, as previously amended and restated on March 27, 2015 as described below, was further amended and restated in its entirety (as so further amended and restated, the  Second Amended Facility ). The Second Amended Facility amends and restates the Company s previous   $130.0 million   revolving credit facility and provides for total lending commitments of   $145.0 million  . In addition, the Second Amended Facility has an uncommitted accordion feature under which the Company may increase the total principal amount up to a maximum aggregate of   $200.0 million   under certain circumstances, as well as a sublimit of   $50.0 million   for letters of credit.  The Second Amended Facility, among other things, also amended the maturity date of the previous facility to   July 1, 2019  , provided that the Second Amended Facility will terminate on   January 14, 2019   (the  Springing Termination Date ) if, on the Springing Termination Date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of California Lyon s   5.75%   senior notes due 2019 is equal to or greater than the sum of  
  
   44 

(a)   50%   of the Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Second Amended Facility) of California Lyon, Parent, certain of the Parent s direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries (together with California Lyon and Parent, the  Loan Parties ) and their Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Second Amended Facility) for the four-quarter period ending   September 30, 2018  , plus (b) the Liquidity (as defined in the Second Amended Facility) of the Loan Parties and their consolidated subsidiaries on the Springing Termination Date. Further, the Second Amended Facility amended the maximum leverage ratio covenant to extend the timing of the gradual step-downs. Specifically, pursuant to the Second Amended Facility, the maximum leverage ratio will remain at   65%   from June 30, 2016 through and including December 30, 2016, will decrease to   62.5%   on the last day of the 2016 fiscal year, remain at   62.5%   from December 31, 2016 through and including June 29, 2017, and will further decrease to   60%   on the last day of the second quarter of 2017 and remain at   60%   thereafter. The Second Amended Facility did not revise any of our other financial covenants thereunder. 
  Prior to the entry into the Second Amended Facility as described above, on   March 27, 201  5, California Lyon and Parent entered into an amendment and restatement agreement which amended and restated the Company's previous $100 million revolving credit facility and provided for total lending commitments of   $130.0 million  , an uncommitted accordion feature under which the Company could increase the total principal amount up to a maximum aggregate of   $200.0 million   under certain circumstances (up from a maximum aggregate of   $125.0 million   under the previous facility), as well as a sublimit of   $50.0 million   for letters of credit, and extended the maturity date of the previous facility by one year to   August 7, 2017  . 
  Borrowings under the Second Amended Facility, the availability of which is subject to a borrowing base formula, are required to be guaranteed by the Parent and certain of the Parent's wholly-owned subsidiaries, are secured by a pledge of all equity interests held by such guarantors, and may be used for general corporate purposes. Interest rates on borrowings generally will be based on either LIBOR or a base rate, plus the applicable spread. As of   September 30, 2016  , the commitment fee on the unused portion of the Second Facility accrues at an annual rate of   0.50  %. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $96.0 million   and   $65.0 million   outstanding against the Second Amended Facility, respectively, at effective rates of   4.37%   and   3.32%  , respectively as well as a letter of credit for   $8.6 million   outstanding at both dates. 
  The Second Amended Facility contains certain financial maintenance covenants, including (a) a minimum tangible net worth requirement of   $451.0 million   (which is subject to increase over time based on subsequent earnings and proceeds from equity offerings, as well as deferred tax assets to the extent included on the Company's financial statements), (b) a maximum leverage covenant that prohibits the leverage ratio (as defined therein) from exceeding   65%  , which maximum leverage ratio decreases to   62.5%   effective as of December 31, 2016, and further decreases to   60%   effective as of June 30, 2017, and (c) a covenant requiring us to maintain either (i) an interest coverage ratio (EBITDA to interest incurred, as defined therein) of at least 1.50 to 1.00 or (ii) liquidity (as defined therein) of an amount not less than the greater of our consolidated interest incurred during the trailing 12 months and $50.0 million. Our compliance with these financial covenants is measured by calculations and metrics that are specifically defined or described by the terms of the Second Amended Facility and can differ in certain respects from comparable GAAP or other commonly used terms. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Second Amended Facility as of   September 30, 2016  . The following table summarizes these covenants pursuant to the Second Amended Facility, and our compliance with such covenants as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)    We are required to meet either the Interest Coverage Ratio or Minimum Liquidity, but not both. 
  Although the Company does not believe it is likely to breach any of the covenants listed above, including the maximum leverage ratio covenant, based on its current expectations and assumptions, there are certain steps that the Company could take to decrease the likelihood of any breach in the event it was determined that a breach was reasonably likely. The Company remains focused on continuing to drive top line revenue growth which it believes will improve cash flow and generate earnings. In addition, there are certain discretionary levers that the Company has the ability to utilize to the extent it is determined that near-term steps are needed to manage to covenant requirements. For example, land acquisition and development is a strategic investment by the Company to support our future growth plans. While the Company intends to continue to acquire land that it believes is accretive to the Company, the Company's currently owned and controlled land position enables it to be selective and nimble in its future acquisition strategy. The Company also has the option to form new joint ventures with partners that could provide a substantial portion of the capital required for certain projects, purchase land through lot options or land banking  
  
   45 

arrangements, as well as utilizing such financing structures as a means to generate incremental cash flow, or adjust the timing of housing starts. In addition, during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company paid approximately   $247.1 million   for land and land developments. Such spending related to land owned is a discretionary component that the Company can temper as needed to reduce cash outflow, and it believes it can do so without a significant impact on near-term operating results. 
  The Second Amended Facility contains customary events of default, subject to cure periods in certain circumstances, including: nonpayment of principal, interest and fees or other amounts; violation of covenants, including those financial covenants identified above; inaccuracy of representations and warranties; cross default to certain other indebtedness; unpaid judgments; and certain bankruptcy and other insolvency events. 
  The occurrence of any event of default could result in the termination of the commitments under the Second Amended Facility and permit the lenders to accelerate payment on outstanding borrowings under the Second Amended Facility and require cash collateralization of outstanding letters of credit, if we are unable to amend the Second Amended Facility, secure a waiver of the default from the lenders or otherwise cure the default. Further, acceleration of the Second Amended Facility borrowings may result in the acceleration of other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies, including but not limited to our senior notes as described above to the extent the acceleration is above certain threshold amounts, and the triggering default is not cured or waived or any acceleration rescinded, as well as certain notes payable. 
  In addition, if a change in control (as defined in the Second Amended Facility) occurs, the lenders may terminate the commitments under the Second Amended Facility and require that the Company repay outstanding borrowings under the Second Amended Facility and cash collateralize outstanding letters of credit. 
  The Company believes it has access to alternate sources of funding to pay off resulting obligations or replace funding under the Second Amended Facility should there be a likelihood of, or anticipated, breach of any covenants, including cash generated from operations and opportunistic land sales. In addition, the Company has capacity under the restrictive covenants of its senior notes indentures to incur additional indebtedness which it can do through access to the debt capital markets, and the Company believes it can also raise equity in the capital markets. 
    
  Construction Notes Payable 
     
       The Company and certain of its consolidated joint ventures have entered into construction notes payable agreements.  The issuance date, facility size, maturity date and interest rate are listed in the table below as of   September 30, 2016   (in millions):  

(1)        Loan bears interest at the Company's option of either LIBOR   +3.0%   or the prime rate   +1.0%  . 
  (2)    Loan bears interest at LIBOR   +3.25%    
  (3)    Loan bears interest at the prime rate   +0.5%  . 
  (4)    Loan relates to a project that is wholly-owned by the Company. 
  The construction notes payable contain certain financial maintenance covenants.  The Company was in compliance with all such covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 

46 

Seller Financing 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $32.4 million   of notes payable outstanding related to two land acquisitions for which seller financing was provided.  The first note of approximately   $3.0 million   bears interest at a rate of 7% per annum, is secured by the underlying land, and matures in August 2017.  This note was entered into with a related party, which is described in more detail in the financial statements.  The second note of   $29.4 million   bears interest at a rate of 7% per annum, is secured by the underlying land, and matures in   June 2018  . 
  Net Debt to Total Capital 
  The Company s ratio of net debt to net book capital was   60.8%   and   61.1%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively  .   The ratio of net debt to net book capital is a non-GAAP financial measure, which is calculated by dividing notes payable and Senior Notes, net of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, by net book capital (notes payable and Senior Notes, net of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, plus total equity). The Company believes this calculation is a relevant and useful financial measure to investors in understanding the leverage employed in its operations, and may be helpful in comparing the Company with other companies in the homebuilding industry to the extent they provide similar information. See table set forth below reconciling this non-GAAP measure to the ratio of debt to total capital. 

Joint Venture Financing 
  The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are general partners or members in joint ventures involved in the development and sale of residential projects. As described more fully in Critical Accounting Policies Variable Interest Entities, certain joint ventures have been determined to be variable interest entities in which the Company is considered the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, the assets, liabilities and operations of these joint ventures have been consolidated with the Company s financial statements for the periods presented. The financial statements of joint ventures in which the Company is not considered the primary beneficiary are not consolidated with the Company s financial statements. The Company s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method because the Company has a 50% or less voting or economic interest (and thus such joint ventures are not controlled by the Company). Based upon current estimates, substantially all future development and construction costs incurred by the joint ventures will be funded by the venture partners or from the proceeds of construction financing obtained by the joint ventures. 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30,   2015, the Company acquired a non-controlling interest in an unconsolidated mortgage joint venture. 
  Assessment District Bonds 
  In some jurisdictions in which the Company develops and constructs property, assessment district bonds are issued by municipalities to finance major infrastructure improvements and fees. Such financing has been an important part of financing master-planned communities due to the long-term nature of the financing, favorable interest rates when compared to the Company s other sources of funds and the fact that the bonds are sold, administered and collected by the relevant government entity. As a landowner benefited by the improvements, the Company is responsible for the assessments on its land. When the Company s homes or other properties are sold, the assessments are either prepaid or the buyers assume the responsibility for the related assessments.  
  
   47 

Cash Flows Comparison of the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   to the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the comparison of cash flows is as follows: 
     Based on capital market access and expected sales volume, the Company believes it has sufficient cash and sources of financing for at least the next twelve months. 
  Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  The Company enters into certain off-balance sheet arrangements including joint venture financing, option agreements, land banking arrangements and variable interests in consolidated and unconsolidated entities. These arrangements are more fully described above and in Notes 2 and 12 of  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  In addition, the Company is party to certain contractual obligations, including land purchases and project commitments, which are detailed in Note 12 of  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  Inflation 
  The Company s revenues and profitability may be affected by increased inflation rates and other general economic conditions. In periods of high inflation, demand for the Company s homes may be reduced by increases in mortgage interest rates. Further, the Company s profits will be affected by increases in the costs of land, construction, labor and administrative expenses. The Company s ability to raise prices at such times will depend upon demand and other competitive factors. 
  Description of Projects and Communities Under Development 
  The Company s homebuilding projects usually take two to five years to develop. The following table presents project information relating to each of the Company s homebuilding operating segments as of   September 30, 2016  . The section for "Active Projects" includes only projects with lots owned as of   September 30, 2016  , lots consolidated in accordance with certain accounting principles as of   September 30, 2016   or homes closed for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , and in each case, with an estimated year of first delivery of 2016 or earlier, or orders in 2016. The section for "Future Owned and Controlled" includes projects with lots owned as of   September 30, 2016   but with an estimated year of first delivery of 2017 or later, parcels of undeveloped land held for future sale, and lots controlled as of   September 30, 2016  , in each case aggregated by county.  The following table includes certain information that is forward-looking or predictive in nature and is based on expectations and projections about future events. Such information is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or forecast in the table below. In addition, we undertake no obligation to update or revise the information in the table below to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or changes to projections over time. See "CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS" included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  
   48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

(1) 
    The estimated number of homes to be built at completion is subject to change, and there can be no assurance that the Company will build these homes.  Includes lots owned, controlled or previously closed as of periods presented. 
              (2) 
     Cumulative Homes Closed  represents homes closed since the project opened, and may include prior years, in addition to the homes closed during the current year presented. 
              (3) 
    Backlog consists of homes sold under sales contracts that have not yet closed, and there can be no assurance that closings of sold homes will occur. 
              (4) 
    Of the total homes subject to pending sales contracts as of   September 30, 2016  , 928 represent homes that are completed or under construction. 
      
   53 

(6) 
    Estimated sales price range reflects the most recent pricing updates of the base price only and excludes any lot premium, buyer incentive and buyer selected options, which vary from project to project. Sales prices reflect current pricing estimates and might not be indicative of past or future pricing. Further, any potential benefit to be gained from an increase in sales price ranges as compared to previously estimated amounts may be offset by increases in costs, profit participation, and other factors. 
              (7) 
    Project is a joint venture and is consolidated as a VIE in accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation. 
              (8) 
    Project is completely sold out, therefore the sales price range is not applicable as of   September 30, 2016  . 
              (9) 
    The Company's Washington and Oregon segments were acquired on August 12, 2014 as part of the Polygon Acquisition. Estimated number of homes at completion is the number of homes to be built post-acquisition. Homes closed are from acquisition date through   September 30, 2016  . 
              (10) 
    Includes projects with lots owned as of   September 30, 2016   but with an estimated year of first delivery of 2017 or later, as well as lots controlled as of   September 30, 2016  , and parcels of undeveloped land held for future sale. Certain lots controlled are under land banking arrangements which may become owned and produce deliveries during 2016. Actual homes at completion may change prior to the marketing and sales of homes in these projects and the sales price ranges for these projects are to be determined and will be based on current market conditions and other factors upon the commencement of active selling. There can be no assurance that the Company will acquire any of the controlled lots reflected in these amounts. 
              (11) 
    Represents a parcel of undeveloped land held for future sale. It is unknown when the Company plans to develop homes on this land. 
     Income Taxes 
  See Note 9 of  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  for a description of the Company s income taxes. 
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  The Company s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and costs and expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those which impact its most critical accounting policies. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. As disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , the Company s most critical accounting policies are debtor in possession accounting; fresh start accounting; real estate inventories and cost of sales; impairment of real estate inventories; sales and profit recognition; variable interest entities; business combinations; and income taxes. Management believes that there have been no significant changes to these policies during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to those disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Although no significant changes have been made to the policy, the impairment of real estate inventories policy has been included below as to expand the definition of the Company's calculation of sales absorption rates. 
  Impairment of Real Estate Inventories 
  The Company accounts for its real estate inventories in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant   Equipment. ASC Topic 360 requires impairment losses to be recorded on real estate inventories when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by real estate inventories are less than the carrying amount of such assets. Indicators of impairment include a decrease in demand for housing due to softening market conditions, competitive pricing pressures which reduce the average sales price of homes, which includes sales incentives for homebuyers, slowing sales absorption rates (calculated as net new homes orders divided by average sales locations for a given period), a decrease in home values in the markets in which the Company operates, significant decreases in gross margins and a decrease in project cash flows for a particular project. 
  For land and land under development, homes completed and under construction and model homes, the Company estimates expected cash flows at the project level by maintaining current budgets using recent historical information and current market assumptions. The Company updates project budgets and cash flows of each real estate project on a quarterly basis to determine whether the estimated remaining undiscounted future cash flows of the project are more or less than the carrying amount (net book value) of the asset. If the undiscounted cash flows are more than the net book value of the project, then there is no impairment. If the undiscounted cash flows are less than the net book value of the asset, then the asset is deemed to be impaired and is written-down to its fair value. Fair value represents the amount at which an asset could be bought  
  
   54 

or sold in a current transaction between willing parties (i.e., other than a forced or liquidation sale). Management determines the estimated fair value of each project by determining the present value of estimated future cash flows at discount rates that are commensurate with the risk of each project. The estimation process involved in determining if assets have been impaired and in the determination of fair value is inherently uncertain because it requires estimates of future revenues and costs, current market yields as well as future events and conditions. As described more fully above in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   entitled  Real Estate Inventories and Cost of Sales,  estimates of revenues and costs are supported by the Company s budgeting process. 
  Under FASB ASC Topic 360, when indicators of impairment are present the Company is required to make certain assumptions to estimate undiscounted future cash flows of a project, which include: (i) estimated sales prices, including sales incentives, (ii) anticipated sales absorption rates and sales volume, (iii) project costs incurred to date and the estimated future costs of the project based on the project budget, (iv) the carrying costs related to the time a project is actively selling until it closes the final unit in the project, and (v) alternative strategies including selling the land to a third-party or temporarily suspending development on the project. During the period ended   September 30, 2016  , no indicators of impairment were noted by the Company. 
  The assumptions and judgments used by the Company in the estimation process to determine the future undiscounted cash flows of a project and its fair value are inherently uncertain and require a substantial degree of judgment. The realization of the Company s real estate inventories is dependent upon future uncertain events and market conditions. Due to the subjective nature of the estimates and assumptions used in determining the future cash flows of a project, the continued decline in the current housing market, the uncertainty in the banking and credit markets, actual results could differ materially from current estimates. 
  These estimates are dependent on specific market or sub-market conditions for each subdivision. While the Company considers available information to determine what it believes to be its best estimates as of the end of a reporting period, these estimates are subject to change in future reporting periods as facts and circumstances change. Local market-specific conditions that may impact these estimates for a subdivision include: 
             
    historical subdivision results, and actual operating profit, base selling prices and home sales incentives; 
                
    forecasted operating profit for homes in backlog; 
                
    the intensity of competition within a market or sub-market, including publicly available home sales prices and home sales incentives offered by our competitors; 
                
    increased levels of home foreclosures; 
                
    the current sales pace for active subdivisions; 
                
    subdivision specific attributes, such as location, availability of lots in the sub-market, desirability and uniqueness of subdivision location and the size and style of homes currently being offered; 
                
    changes by management in the sales strategy of a given subdivision; and 
                
    current local market economic and demographic conditions and related trends and forecasts. 
     These and other local market-specific conditions that may be present are considered by personnel in the Company s homebuilding divisions as they prepare or update the forecasted assumptions for each subdivision. Quantitative and qualitative factors other than home sales prices could significantly impact the potential for future impairments. The sales objectives can differ among subdivisions, even within a given sub-market. For example, facts and circumstances in a given subdivision may lead the Company to price its homes with the objective of yielding a higher sales absorption pace, while facts and circumstances in another subdivision may lead the Company to price its homes to minimize deterioration in home gross margins, even though this could result in a slower sales absorption pace. Furthermore, the key assumptions included in estimated future undiscounted cash flows may be interrelated. For example, a decrease in estimated base sales price or an increase in home sales incentives may result in a corresponding increase in sales absorption pace. Additionally, a decrease in the average sales price of homes to be sold and closed in future reporting periods for one subdivision that has not been generating what management believes to be an adequate sales absorption pace may impact the estimated cash flow assumptions of a nearby subdivision. Changes in key assumptions, including estimated construction and land development costs, absorption pace, selling strategies or discount rates could materially impact future cash flow and fair value estimates. Due to the number of possible scenarios that would result from various changes in these factors, the Company does not believe it is possible to develop a sensitivity analysis with a level of precision that would be meaningful to an investor. 
  Management assesses land deposits for impairment when estimated land values are deemed to be less than the agreed upon contract price. The Company considers changes in market conditions, the timing of land purchases, the ability to renegotiate with land sellers the terms of the land option contract in question, the availability and best use of capital, and other  
  
   55 

factors. If land values are determined to be less than the contract price, the future project will not be purchased. The Company records abandoned land deposits and related pre-acquisition costs to cost of sales-land in the consolidated statement of operations in the period that it is abandoned. 
  The Company evaluates homebuilding assets for impairment when indicators of impairments are present. Indicators of potential impairment include, but are not limited to, a decrease in housing market values, sales absorption rates, and sales prices. On February 24, 2012, the Company adopted fresh start accounting under ASC 852, Reorganizations, and recorded all real estate inventories at fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, there were no impairment charges recorded. During the period ended   September 30, 2016  , no indicators of impairment were noted by the Company. 

56 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

The Company s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to the Company s floating rate debt with a total outstanding balance at   September 30, 2016   of   $226.9 million   where the interest rate is variable based upon certain bank reference or prime rates. The average prime rate during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   3.50  %. Based upon the amount of variable rate debt held by the Company, and holding the variable rate debt balance constant, each 1% increase in interest rates would increase the amount of interest expense incurred by the Company by approximately $2.3 million. 
  The following table presents principal cash flows by scheduled maturity, interest rates and the estimated fair value of our long-term fixed rate debt obligations as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands):  

The Company does not utilize swaps, forward or option contracts on interest rates, foreign currencies or commodities, or other types of derivative financial instruments as of or during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The Company does not enter into or hold derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 

57 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

We maintain  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and, in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   We carried out an evaluation as of   September 30, 2016  , under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation and subject to the foregoing, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.    Our management determined that as of   September 30, 2016  , there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter then ended that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   58 

WILLIAM LYON HOMES 
  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

The Company is involved in various legal proceedings, most of which relate to routine litigation and some of which are covered by insurance. These matter are subject to many uncertainties and the outcomes of these matters are not within our control and may not be known for prolonged periods of time.  Nevertheless, in the opinion of the Company s management, the Company does not have any currently pending litigation of which the outcome will have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations or financial position.   

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 

You should carefully consider the risks described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016, as our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described therein. There have been no material changes to the risk factors we previously disclosed in such reports.  Some statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements.  Please refer to the section titled,  CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  The table below summarizes the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock that were repurchased from certain employees of the Company during the three month period ended   September 30, 2016  .  Such shares were not repurchased pursuant to a publicly announced plan or program.  Those shares were repurchased to facilitate income tax withholding payments pertaining to stock-based compensation awards that vested during the three month period ended   September 30, 2016  . 

Except as set forth above, the Company did not repurchase any of its equity securities during the three month period ended   September 30, 2016  . 

Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable. 
  
   59 

Item 5. 
    Other Information 

Not applicable. 
  
   60 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 

Exhibit Index 
    
                 Exhibit 
  No. 
    Description 

10.1 
    Amendment and Restatement Agreement dated as of July 1, 2016 among William Lyon Homes, Inc., a California corporation, as Borrower, William Lyon Homes, a Delaware corporation, as Parent, each subsidiary of the Borrower party thereto, the lenders listed on Schedule 1 thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed July 7, 2016) 

31.1+ 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2+ 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1* 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2* 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS** 
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbased Document. 

+ 
    Filed herewith 

* 
    The information in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (including this Report), unless the Registrant specifically incorporates the foregoing information into those documents by reference. 

** 
    Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the XBRL information will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and will not be deemed filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, or otherwise subject to liability under those Sections. 

61 

WILLIAM LYON HOMES 
  SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

WILLIAM LYON HOMES, 
        
    a Delaware corporation 

Date: November 7, 2016 
    By: 
    /  S  /    C  OLIN   T. S  EVERN         

Colin T. Severn 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized Signatory) 

62 

Exhibit Index 
    
                 Exhibit 
  No. 
    Description 

10.1 
    Amendment and Restatement Agreement dated as of July 1, 2016 among William Lyon Homes, Inc., a California corporation, as Borrower, William Lyon Homes, a Delaware corporation, as Parent, each subsidiary of the Borrower party thereto, the lenders listed on Schedule 1 thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed July 7, 2016)   

31.1+ 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2+ 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1* 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2* 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS** 
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE** 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbased Document. 

+ 
    Filed herewith 

* 
    The information in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (including this Report), unless the Registrant specifically incorporates the foregoing information into those documents by reference. 

** 
    Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the XBRL information will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and will not be deemed filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, or otherwise subject to liability under those Sections. 

63 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wlh-9302016xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Matthew R. Zaist, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of William Lyon Homes; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                 Date: November 7, 2016 
    /S/ Matthew R. Zaist 
        
    Matthew R. Zaist 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 wlh-9302016xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Colin T. Severn, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of William Lyon Homes; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                 Date: November 7, 2016 
    /S/ COLIN T. SEVERN 
        
    Colin T. Severn 
        
    Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 wlh-9302016xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Matthew R. Zaist, Chief Executive Officer, President of William Lyon Homes (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
  (1) the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
               /S/ Matthew R. Zaist 
      Matthew R. Zaist 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

November 7, 2016 
       
  This certification accompanies this Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 wlh-9302016xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Colin T. Severn, Chief Financial Officer of William Lyon Homes (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
  (1) the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
               /S/ COLIN T. SEVERN 
      Colin T. Severn 
      Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

November 7, 2016    
       
  This certification accompanies this Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wlh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wlh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wlh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wlh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wlh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wlh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

