<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1042074_0001193125-16-764311_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3125489</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100772</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>216908</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>499404</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1384191</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>807570</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764311.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160303
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764311
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001042074
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				943103561
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36500
		FILM NUMBER:		161984190

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7999 GATEWAY BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94560
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-293-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7999 GATEWAY BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 130
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94560

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METABOLEX, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090721

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METABOLEX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970710

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764311.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d240882d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
                       TO
                           
  Commission File Number 001-36500        
       CymaBay
Therapeutics, Inc.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  94-3103561   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
     
    (510) 293-8800   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).    Yes         No       
 As of October 31, 2016, there were 23,447,003 shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   CYMABAY THERAPEUTICS, INC.   
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q   
  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Page  

PART I   
   
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
   
    Financial Statements   

3 

Condensed Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31,
 2015   

3 

Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and
 nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

4 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
 and 2015 (unaudited)   

5 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)   

6 

Item 2.   
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations   

17 

Item 3.   
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

22 

Item 4.   
   
    Controls and Procedures   

22 

PART II   
   
     OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1A.   
   
    Risk Factors   

23 

Item 6.   
   
    Exhibits   

27 

Signatures     

28 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements          CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc.   
  Condensed Balance Sheets   
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)      
    See accompanying notes.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

     CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc.   
  Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss   
  (In thousands, except share and per share information)   
  (unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

     CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc.   
  Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   
  (In thousands)   
  (unaudited)       
    See accompanying notes.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

     CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc.   
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   
  (unaudited)      1. Organization and
Description of Business     CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company  or  CymaBay ) is a biopharmaceutical company
focused on developing therapies to treat diseases with high unmet medical need, including serious rare and orphan disorders. The Company s two key clinical development candidates are MBX-8025 and arhalofenate. MBX-8025 is currently being
developed for the treatment of various orphan liver and lipid diseases. Arhalofenate is being developed for the treatment of gout. The Company was incorporated in Delaware in October 1988 as Transtech Corporation. The Company s headquarters and
operations are located in Newark, California and it operates in one segment.     Liquidity   
 The Company has incurred net operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since its inception. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company incurred a net loss of $19.7 million and used $18.0 million of cash in operations. At September 30, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $416.0 million. CymaBay expects to incur increased research
and development expenses as it continues to study its product candidates in clinical trials. To date, none of the Company s product candidates have been approved for marketing and sale, and the Company has not recorded any product sales. As a
result, management expects operating losses to continue in future years. The Company s ability to achieve profitability is dependent primarily on its ability to successfully develop, acquire or in-license additional product candidates, continue
clinical trials for product candidates currently in clinical development, obtain regulatory approvals, and support commercialization activities for partnered product candidates. Products developed by the Company will require approval of the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) or a foreign regulatory authority prior to commercial sale. The regulatory approval process is expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain, and any denial or delay of approval could have a material adverse
effect on the Company. Even if approved, the Company s products may not achieve market acceptance and will face competition from both generic and branded pharmaceutical products.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $23.1 million. These funds are
expected to satisfy the Company s liquidity requirements through at least the second quarter of 2017. The Company expects to incur substantial expenditures in the future for the development and potential commercialization of its product
candidates. Because of this, the Company expects its future liquidity and capital resource needs will be impacted by numerous factors, including but not limited to, the timing of initiation of planned clinical trials, including additional phase 2
trials to study the therapeutic benefits of MBX-8025 on patients with certain orphan diseases, including primary biliary cholangitis (PBC), as well as a phase 3 clinical trial to study the therapeutic benefits of arhalofenate on patients with gout.
The Company will therefore continue to require additional financing to develop its products and fund future operating losses and will seek funds through equity financings, debt, collaborative or other arrangements with corporate sources, or through
other sources of financing. It is unclear if or when any such financing transactions will occur, on satisfactory terms or at all. The Company s failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on its financial condition
and its ability to pursue its business strategies. If adequate funds are not available, the Company may be required to reduce development activities or to close its business, which could have an adverse impact on its ability to achieve its business
objectives.     2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
  Basis of Presentation     The accompanying
interim condensed financial statements are unaudited. These unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance U.S. GAAP ( GAAP ) and following the requirements of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) for interim reporting. As permitted under those rules, certain footnotes or other financial information that are normally required by GAAP can be condensed or omitted. In management s opinion, the unaudited interim condensed
financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited financial statements and include all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of the Company s financial position
and its results of operations and comprehensive loss and its cash flows for the periods presented. These statements do not include all disclosures required by GAAP and should be read in conjunction with the Company s financial statements and
accompanying notes for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which is contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2016. The results for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the year or for any other period.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Use of Estimates   
 The condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts and disclosures reported in the condensed financial statements and accompanying notes. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The estimation
process often may yield a range of potentially reasonable estimates of the ultimate future outcomes, and management must select an amount that falls within that range of reasonable estimates. Actual results could differ materially from those
estimates. The Company believes significant judgment is involved in estimating stock-based compensation, accrued clinical expenses, and equity instrument valuations.  
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments     The
Company s financial instruments during the periods reported consist of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, accrued interest receivable, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued interest payable, accrued expenses, the facility
loan, and warrant liabilities. Fair value estimates of these instruments are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information. These estimates may be subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant
judgment. The carrying amounts of financial instruments such as cash and cash equivalents, accrued interest receivable, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and accrued interest payable approximate the related fair values due to the
short maturities of these instruments. Based on prevailing borrowing rates available to the Company for loans with similar terms, the Company believes the fair value of the Facility Loan, considering level 2 inputs, approximates its carrying
value.    Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in
the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value are reported using a three-level fair value
hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy maximizes the use of observable inputs and maximizes the use of unobservable inputs and is as follows:  
 Level 1 Inputs which include quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to
access at the measurement date.    Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly.    Level 3 Inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement and are unobservable
(i.e. supported by little market activity), which requires the reporting entity to develop its own valuation techniques and assumptions.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

The Company estimates the fair value of its money market funds, commercial paper, corporate debt, asset backed
securities, and government debt securities by taking into consideration valuations obtained from third-party pricing services. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income and market-based approaches, for
which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly, to estimate fair value. These inputs include reported trades of and broker/dealer quotes on the same or similar securities, issuer credit spreads; benchmark securities;
prepayment/default projections based on historical data; and other observable inputs.    There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2
during the periods presented.    The Company holds a Level 3 liability associated with common stock warrants that were issued in connection
with the Company s financings completed in September and October 2013, January 2014, and August 2015. The warrants are classified as liabilities and recorded at fair value using a binomial lattice option-pricing model, the inputs for which
include the exercise price of the warrants, market price of the underlying common shares, expected term, volatility, the risk-free rate, and the expected changes in stock price that follow announcements of the Company s clinical trial results
and other strategic initiatives. Changes to any of the inputs to the valuation model used by the Company can have a significant impact to the estimated fair value of the warrants.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth an activity summary which includes the changes in the fair value
of the Company s Level 3 financial instruments (in thousands):      
    Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities   
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a remaining maturity of 90 days or less at the time of purchase to be cash
equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of deposits with commercial banks in checking, interest-bearing, and demand money market accounts.  
 The Company invests excess cash in marketable securities with high credit ratings. These securities consist primarily of corporate debt and
asset-backed securities and are classified as  available-for-sale.  Management may liquidate any of these investments in order to meet the Company s liquidity needs in the next year. Accordingly, any investments with contractual
maturities greater than one year from the balance sheet date are classified as short-term in the condensed balance sheets.    Realized gains
and losses from the sale of marketable securities, if any, are calculated using the specific identification method. Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary are included in interest income or expense in the
statements of operations. Unrealized holding gains and losses are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss, in the balance sheets. To date, the Company has not recorded any impairment charges on its marketable securities related to
other-than-temporary declines in market value. In determining whether a decline in market value is other-than-temporary, various factors are considered, including the cause, duration of time and severity of the impairment, any adverse changes in the
investees  financial condition, and the Company s intent and ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery in market value.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  Marketable securities in the condensed balance sheets, all of which are classified as
available-for-sale, consisted of the following (in thousands):      
   At September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, the remaining contractual maturities of the
Company s commercial paper, corporate debt securities, and government debt securities was less than one year and asset backed securities was between two and five years. Realized gains and losses were immaterial for all periods presented. None
of these investments has been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months as of September 30, 2016, or December 31, 2015.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

   Restricted Cash   
 The Company is required to maintain compensating cash balances with financial institutions that provide the Company with its corporate credit
cards. As of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, cash restricted under these arrangements was $170,000. This amount is presented in other assets on the accompanying condensed balance sheets.  
  Concentration of Credit Risk     Cash, cash
equivalents, and marketable securities consist of financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk to the extent of the fair value recorded in the condensed balance sheets. The Company invests cash that is
not required for immediate operating needs primarily in highly liquid instruments that bear minimal risk. The Company has established guidelines relating to the quality, diversification, and maturities of securities to enable the Company to manage
its credit risk. The counterparties to the agreements relating to the Company s investments consist of financial institutions of high credit standing.  
  Common Stock Warrant Liability     Warrants
issued to common stock holders and lenders by the Company in conjunction with financings from 2013 through 2015 are classified as liabilities in the accompanying condensed balance sheets, as the terms for redemption of the underlying security are
outside the Company s control. The warrants are recorded at fair value and are re-measured at each financial reporting period until the warrants are exercised or expire and immediately before exercise, with any changes in fair value being
recognized as a component of other income (expense), net in the accompanying condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss.     Research and
Development Expenses     Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred in identifying, developing, and testing product
candidates. These expenses consist primarily of costs for research and development personnel (including related stock-based compensation); contract research organizations and other third parties that assist in managing, monitoring, and analyzing
clinical trials; investigator and site fees; laboratory services; consultants; contract manufacturing services; non-clinical studies, including materials; and allocated expenses, such as depreciation of assets, and facilities and information
technology that support research and development activities. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred, including expenses that may or may not be reimbursed under research and development funding arrangements.  
 The expenses related to clinical trials are based upon estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with
multiple research institutions and clinical research organizations (CROs) that conduct and manage clinical trials on behalf of the Company. Expenses related to clinical trials are accrued based upon the level of activity incurred under each contract
as indicated by such factors as progress made against specified milestones or targets in each period, patient enrollment levels, and other trial activities as reported by CROs. Accordingly, the Company s clinical trial accrual is dependent upon
the timely and accurate reporting of expenses by clinical research organizations and other third-party vendors. Payments made to third parties under these clinical trial arrangements in advance of the receipt of the related services are
recorded as prepaid assets, depending on the terms of the agreement, until the services are rendered.     Stock-Based Compensation   
 Employee and director stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the fair-value of the awards, and the portion that is
ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the related vesting periods, net of estimated forfeitures. The Company calculates the fair-value of option grants and incentive awards using the Black-Scholes model and recognizes expense
using the straight-line attribution method. For performance based stock options, the Company begins to recognize the expense when it is deemed probable that the performance based condition will be met. The Company evaluates the probability of
achieving performance based condition at each reporting period.    Equity awards granted to non-employees are valued using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to determine the fair value of such instruments. The fair value of equity awards granted to non-employees are re-measured throughout the related vesting period and amortized to expense over that period.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

   Net Loss Per Common Share   
 Basic net loss per share of common stock is calculated as the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding equivalents during
the period. Diluted net loss per share of common stock is calculated as the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted to include the assumed exercises of stock options and warrants, if dilutive.  
 The calculation of diluted loss per share also requires that, to the extent the average market price of the underlying shares for the
reporting period exceeds the exercise price of the warrants and the presumed exercise of such securities are dilutive to earnings (loss) per share for the period, adjustments to net income or net loss used in the calculation are required to remove
the change in fair value of the warrants for the period. Likewise, adjustments to the denominator are required to reflect the related dilutive shares.  
 In all periods presented, the Company s outstanding stock options and incentive awards were excluded from the calculation of net loss per
share because the effect would be antidilutive.    The Company s computation of net loss per share is as follows (in thousands, except
share and per share amounts):      
   The following table shows the total outstanding common stock equivalents considered anti-dilutive and
therefore excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share (in thousands).      
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
   Accounting Standards Update 2014-15    
 In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance codified in ASC 205, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern. Accounting Standards
Update 2014-15 requires an entity s management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered  
      12  

Table of Contents  

in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern and if those conditions exist, to make the required disclosures. Early adoption will
be permitted. The standard is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. The Company does not expect that the adoption of this standard will have a significant impact on its
condensed financial statements.      Accounting Standards Update 2015-03    
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of
Debt Issuance Costs, which requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the corresponding debt liability rather than as an asset. The Company adopted this ASU
with retrospective application in the first quarter of 2016. As the Company does not have any debt issuance costs recorded as assets, the adoption of this standard did not have any impact on its condensed financial statements.  
   Accounting Standards Update 2016-02    
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The ASU requires management to recognize lease assets and lease
liabilities by lessees for most leases. The ASU is effective for the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods therein on a modified retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance
will have on its condensed financial statements.      Accounting Standards Update 2016-09    
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which amends ASC Topic
718, Compensation   Stock Compensation. The ASU includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. The ASU will be effective for the
Company for the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods on a modified retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its condensed
financial statements.      Accounting Standards Update 2016-13    
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326), which introduces an approach based
on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. It also modifies the impairment model for available for-sale debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets
with deterioration since their origination. The ASU is effective for the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019 including interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will
have on its condensed financial statements.     3. Certain Balance Sheet Items   
 Accrued liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):      
    4. Common Stock Warrants   
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company issued an aggregate of 9,703 and 132,295 shares of common stock,
respectively, to stockholders upon the exercise of warrants exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock. The 132,295 shares of common stock were issued pursuant to both cash and net exercise provisions as provided in the warrants.
Specifically, 74,136 shares of the Company s common stock were issued in exchange for $0.4 million in cash and 58,159 shares of the  
      13  

Table of Contents  

Company s common stock were issued in exchange for shares of its common stock in accordance with net exercise provisions. For each warrant exercised, the Company determined the
warrant s exercise date fair value and reclassified the fair value of such settled warrants from the warrant liability to additional paid-in capital, a component of stockholder s equity. The aggregate amount of these fair value
reclassifications totaled $0.2 million and $1.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. No warrants were issued or exercised for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
  5. Collaboration and License Agreements       Janssen
Pharmaceutical NV and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.      In June 2006, the Company entered into an exclusive worldwide,
royalty-bearing license to MBX-8025 and certain other PPAR    compounds (the  PPAR    Products ) with Janssen Pharmaceutical NV (Janssen NV), with the
right to grant sublicenses to third parties to make, use and sell such PPAR    Products. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company has full control and responsibility over the research, development and
registration of any PPAR    Products and is required to use diligent efforts to conduct all such activities. Janssen NV has the sole responsibility for the preparation, filing, prosecution, maintenance of,
and defense of the patents with respect to, the PPAR    Products. Janssen NV has a right of first negotiation under the agreement to license a particular PPAR   
Product from the Company in the event that the Company elects to seek a third party corporate partner for the research, development, promotion, and/or commercialization of such PPAR    Products. Under the
terms of the agreement Janssen NV is entitled to receive up to an 8% royalty on net sales of PPAR    Products.  
 In June 2010, the Company entered into two development and license agreements with Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Janssen), a subsidiary
of Johnson and Johnson, to further develop and discover undisclosed metabolic disease target agonists for the treatment of T2DM and other disorders and received a one-time nonrefundable technology access fee related to the agreements. The Company
received a termination notice from Janssen, effectively ending these development and licensing agreements in early April 2015. In December 2015, the Company exercised an option pursuant to the terms of one of the original agreements to continue work
to research, develop and commercialize compounds with activity against an undisclosed metabolic disease target. Janssen granted the Company an exclusive, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense) under the Janssen know-how and patents to
research, develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale and sell such compounds. The Company has full control and responsibility over the research, development and registration of any products developed and/or discovered from the metabolic disease
target and is required to use diligent efforts to conduct all such activities.      Dia Tex, Inc.    
 In June 1998, the Company entered into a license agreement with DiaTex, Inc. (DiaTex) relating to products containing halofenate, its
enantiomers, derivatives, and analogs (the licensed products). The license agreement provides that DiaTex and the Company are joint owners of all of the patents and patent applications covering the licensed products and methods of producing or using
such compounds, as well as certain other know-how (the covered IP). As part of the license agreement, the Company received an exclusive worldwide license, including as to DiaTex, to use the covered IP to develop and commercialize the licensed
products. The Company also retained the right to sub-license the covered IP. The license agreement contains a $2,000 per month license fee as well as a requirement to make additional payments for development achievements and royalty payments on any
sales of licensed products. DiaTex is entitled to up to $0.8 million for the future development of arhalofenate, as well as royalty payments on any sales of products containing arhalofenate. No development payments were made in the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and no royalties have been paid to date.     6. Facility Loans   
  2013 Term Loan Facility     On
September 30, 2013, the Company entered into a facility loan agreement with Silicon Valley Bank and Oxford Finance LLC (referred to herein as the lenders) for a total loan amount of $10.0 million of which the first tranche of $5.0 million was
drawn as part of the Company s September 2013 financing, referred to herein as the 2013 Term Loan Facility. The loan had a fixed interest rate of 8.75% payable as interest only for twelve months and a thirty-six month loan
amortization period thereafter, with a final interest payment of $0.3 million at the end of the loan period. The second tranche of $5.0 million became available to the Company upon its February 24, 2015, announcement of the
achievement of positive Phase 2b data for the Company s product candidate arhalofenate and remained available to the Company until June 30, 2015. On June 30, 2015, the second tranche portion of the loan facility expired unused by
the Company.    At the time the first $5.0 million tranche of the facility loan was drawn down, the Company issued warrants
exercisable for a total of 121,739 shares of the Company s common stock to the lenders at an exercise price of $5.00 per share. Upon issuance, the fair value of a warrant liability was recorded and is being revalued at each balance sheet
date until the warrants are exercised or expire.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   2015 Term Loan Facility   
 On August 7, 2015, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement pursuant to which it refinanced its existing 2013 Term Loan
Facility with Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank, for an aggregate amount of up to $15.0 million, referred to herein as the 2015 Term Loan Facility. The first $10.0 million tranche of this new loan facility was made available to the Company
immediately upon the closing and was used in part to retire all $4.1 million of the Company s existing debt outstanding under the 2013 Term Loan Facility, and to settle accrued interest and closing costs with the lenders. The remaining $5.0
million, referred to as the second tranche, was made available to the Company until March 31, 2016, for draw down upon the announcement of a qualified out-license or co-development arrangement for arhalofenate, the Company s gout therapy
drug candidate, which includes an upfront payment of not less than $35.0 million (the second draw milestone). Because the present value of the future cash flows under the modified loan terms did not exceed the present value of the future cash flows
under the previous loan terms by more than 10%, the Company treated this refinancing as a modification. The remaining debt discount costs will be amortized over the remaining term of the Loan and Security Agreement using the effective interest rate
method. The $5.0 million second tranche expired unused in March 2016 as the second draw milestone was not achieved.    The first loan
tranche bears interest at 8.77%, a rate which was determined on the advance date as being the greater of (i) 8.75% and (ii) the sum of 8.47% and the 90 day U.S. LIBOR rate reported in the Wall Street Journal three business days prior to
the funding date of the first tranche. Under the first tranche, the Company is required to make 12 monthly interest only payments after the funding date followed by a repayment schedule equal to 36 equal monthly payments of interest and principal.
Upon maturity, the remaining balance of the first tranche and a final payment equal to 6.50% of the original principal amount advanced of the applicable tranche are payable.  
 At the closing, the Company also agreed to pay a facility fee of 1.00% of the 2015 Term Loan Facility commitment. In addition, the Company
issued warrants exercisable for a total of 114,436 shares of its common stock to the lenders at an exercise price of $2.84 per share, and with a term of ten years. Upon issuance, the fair value of a warrant liability of $0.3 million was recorded in
the accompanying condensed balance sheet and is being revalued at each balance sheet date until the warrants are exercised or expire.    The
2015 Term Loan Facility contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants applicable to the Company, and also includes defined customary events of default. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
was in compliance with the term loan covenants and there were no events of default.     7. Commitments and Contingencies   
 The Company leases 8,894 square feet of office space in Newark, California pursuant to a lease which commenced January 16, 2014 and
expires on December 31, 2018. Rent expense was $0.1 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $0.3 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
 Future minimum lease payments are as follows (in thousands):      
    Indemnification   
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties and
provide for general indemnification, including indemnification associated with product liability or infringement of intellectual property rights. The Company s exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves future claims that
may be made against the Company that may be, but have not yet been, made. To date, the Company has not paid any claims or been required to defend any action related to these indemnification obligations, and no amounts have been accrued in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets related to these indemnification obligations.    The Company has agreed to indemnify its executive
officers and directors for losses and costs incurred in connection with certain events or occurrences, including advancing money to cover certain costs, subject to certain limitations. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company
could be required to make under this indemnification is unlimited; however, the Company maintains insurance policies that may limit its exposure and may enable it to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. Assuming the applicability of
coverage, the willingness of the insurer to assume coverage, and subject to certain retention, loss limits, and other policy provisions, the Company believes the fair value of these indemnification obligations is not material. Accordingly, the
Company  
      15  

Table of Contents  

has not recognized any liabilities relating to these obligations as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015. No assurances can be given that the covering insurers will not attempt
to dispute the validity, applicability, or amount of coverage without expensive litigation against these insurers, in which case the Company may incur substantial liabilities as a result of these indemnification obligations.  
  8. Stockholders  Equity     The Company
is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share as of September 30, 2016. The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share as of
September 30, 2016.    As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had reserved shares of authorized but
unissued common stock as follows:      
    9. Stock Plans and Stock-Based Compensation   
  Stock Plans     On January 1, 2016, the
share reserve of the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan ( 2013 Plan ), automatically increased by 1,172,350 shares. As of September 30, 2016, there were 466,445 shares available for issuance under the 2013 Plan.  
  Stock-Based Compensation Expense   
 Stock-based compensation expense recorded, net of estimated forfeitures, was as follows (in thousands):  
   
   In July 2016, the Company granted 327,000 performance-based stock options (PSOs) to executives and senior
officers. PSOs represent a contingent right to purchase the Company s common stock upon the achievement of specific conditions. Specifically, these PSOs vest upon the achievement of certain clinical development and capital raising milestones
which must occur before December 31, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the achievement of the clinical development milestone was deemed to be probable and the related pro rata expense was recognized for the three and nine months then ended.
As of September 30, 2016, unrecognized stock-based compensation related to these PSOs is $304,000 and its recognition is dependent upon the achievement of the milestones.  
  10. Related-Party Transactions     The
Company paid a former member of its Board of Directors, who is also a scientific and clinical advisor, a total of $60,000 in the year ended December 31, 2015 and $45,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, in monthly cash
retainers. The Company also granted 9,000 options to purchase shares of common stock to this individual in his capacity as a key scientific advisor for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
  Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in
future interim periods or for the full fiscal year.      This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains statements indicating
expectations about future performance and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, that involve risks and
uncertainties. We usually use words such as  may,   will,   could,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   intend,  or the negative of these
terms or similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements appear throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are statements regarding our current expectation, belief or intent, primarily with respect to
our operations and related industry developments. Examples of these statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the following: our business and scientific strategies; the progress of our and our collaborators  product
development programs, including clinical testing, and the timing of results thereof; our corporate collaborations and revenues that may be received from our collaborations and the timing of those potential payments; our expectations with respect to
regulatory submissions and approvals; our drug discovery technologies; our research and development expenses; protection of our intellectual property; sufficiency of our cash and capital resources and the need for additional capital; and our
operations and legal risks. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including as a result of the
risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible
for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in
any forward-looking statements.      Overview   
 CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc. is focused on developing therapies to treat diseases with high unmet medical need, including serious rare and orphan
disorders. Our two key clinical development candidates are MBX-8025 and arhalofenate.    We are currently developing MBX-8025 for the
treatment of various orphan liver and lipid diseases. In May 2016, we announced results from a Phase 2 clinical study of MBX-8025 in patients with primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). The study was intended to enroll approximately 75 patients with PBC
who had an inadequate response to ursodiol and randomize them to receive either placebo or MBX-8025 (either 50 mg or 200 mg) once-daily for 12 weeks. Despite the occurrence of three cases of asymptomatic, reversible transaminase elevations (two in
the 200 mg and one in the 50 mg cohorts), data from 35 patients evaluated for efficacy demonstrated that treatment with MBX-8025 resulted in statistically significant reductions in the primary endpoint of alkaline phosphatase (ALP). The mean
decreases from baseline in ALP for the 50 and 200 mg dose groups were 53% and 63%, respectively, vs. 2% for placebo (p   0.0001 for both). We made the decision to discontinue the study early after review of safety and efficacy data demonstrated
clear proof-of-concept and need for further dose reduction to optimize clinical safety and efficacy. We intend to initiate a dose-ranging Phase 2 trial of MBX-8025 at lower doses in patients with PBC. In October 2016, MBX-8025 received European
Medicines Agency (EMA) PRIority MEdicines (PRIME) designation for the treatment of PBC. In March 2016, we announced data from a second Phase 2 clinical study evaluating MBX-8025 in 13 patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia
(HoFH). Five patients in this study experienced what we believe was a clinically meaningful maximal decrease in low density lipoprotein (LDL-C) of greater than 20% with three of them having decreases greater than 30%. However, given the variability
in responses observed in this study, including a number of patients that did not experience a decrease in LDL-C, we believe additional proof-of-concept data would be warranted before determining whether or not to advance to a registration study of
MBX-8025 in patients with HoFH. We also believe that MBX-8025 could have utility in the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia (SHTG) and the more prevalent, but high unmet need, indication of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). We have obtained
orphan-drug designations for MBX-8025 in PBC, HoFH and SHTG (Frederickson type I or V hyperlipoproteinemia).    Arhalofenate, is being
developed for the treatment of gout. Arhalofenate has been studied in five Phase 2 clinical trials in patients with gout and consistently demonstrated the ability to reduce gout flares and reduce serum uric acid (sUA). Gout flares are recurring and
painful episodes of joint inflammation that are triggered by the presence of monosodium urate crystals that form as a result of elevated sUA levels. We believe the potential for arhalofenate to prevent or reduce flares while also lowering sUA could
differentiate it from currently available treatments for gout and classify it as the first potential drug in what we believe could be a new class of gout therapy referred to as Urate Lowering Anti-Flare Therapy (ULAFT). Arhalofenate has established
a favorable safety profile in clinical trials involving over 1,100 patients exposed to date. We have completed end of Phase 2 discussions with the FDA and intend to partner arhalofenate prior to advancing into Phase 3 development.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  We are an emerging growth company. Under the JOBS Act emerging growth companies can delay
adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time of those standards apply to private companies. We have adopted this exemption from new or revised accounting standards, and therefore, we may not be subject to the same new or revised
accounting standards as other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies.      Equity Financings   
 On July 25, 2014, we completed a public offering of 4.6 million shares of our common stock at $5.50 per share which we refer to as
our 2014 public offering. Net proceeds to us in connection with the 2014 public offering were approximately $23.0 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses.  
 On November 7, 2014, we filed a $100 million registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, which registration statement includes an
at-the-market facility (ATM) to sell up to $25 million of common stock under the registration statement. As of September 30, 2016, we have sold shares of common stock under the ATM with aggregate net proceeds to us of $4.3 million.  
 On July 27, 2015, pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3, we completed the issuance of 8.2 million shares of our
common stock at $2.81 per share which we refer to as our 2015 public offering. Net proceeds to us in connection with the 2015 public offering were approximately $21.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering
expenses.     Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates   
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that
we believe to be materially reasonable under the circumstances and review our estimates on an ongoing basis. We consider certain accounting policies including, but not limited to, research and development expenses and clinical accruals, stock-based
compensation and valuation of warrant liabilities to be critical policies. Actual results may materially differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting
estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with those previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2016.  
  Results of Operations       General    
 To date, we have not generated any income from operations. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $416.0 million,
primarily as a result of expenditures for research and development and general and administrative expenses from inception to that date. While we may in the future generate revenue from a variety of sources, including product sales, royalties and
license fees and milestone payments in connection with strategic partnerships, our product candidates are still under clinical development and may never be successfully developed or commercialized. Accordingly, we expect to continue to incur
substantial losses from operations for the foreseeable future and there can be no assurance that we will ever generate significant revenue to achieve and sustain profitability.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

Research   Development Expenses    
 Conducting research and development is central to our business model. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, research and
development expenses were $3.5 million and $4.5 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, research and development expenses were $12.1 million and $13.0 million, respectively. Research and development
expenses are detailed in the table below:      
   Our project costs consist primarily of:      

expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, investigative sites and consultants that conduct our clinical trials and a substantial portion of our preclinical activities;    

the cost of acquiring and manufacturing clinical trial and other materials; and        

other costs associated with development activities, including additional studies      Internal
research and development costs consist primarily of salaries and related fringe benefits costs for our employees (such as workers compensation and health insurance premiums), stock-based compensation charges, travel costs and overhead expenses.
Internal costs generally benefit multiple projects and are not separately tracked per project.    Total project costs decreased by $1.2
million to $2.0 million from $3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, Project costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily consist of PBC Phase 2 clinical trial expenses as well
as drug manufacturing development for MBX-8025. Project costs for the three months ended September 30, 2015, consisted primarily PBC Phase 2 clinical trial expenses and other manufacturing process development activities for arhalofenate.
Internal research and development cost increased by $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to September 30, 2015, due to higher employee compensation related expenses to support our clinical development
activities.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  Total project costs decreased by $1.4 million to $7.4 million from $8.8 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Project costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily consist of PBC Phase 2 clinical trial expenses as well as drug manufacturing and toxicology studies for MBX-8025.
Project costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, consisted primarily of PBC Phase 2 clinical trial expenses and arhalofenate Phase 2 clinical trial expenses as well as drug manufacturing costs related to registration batch production
and other manufacturing process development activities for arhalofenate. Internal research and development cost increased by $0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to September 30, 2015, primarily due to
higher employee compensation related expenses to support our clinical development activities.    We expect to continue to incur substantial
expenses related to our development activities for the foreseeable future as we continue product development for MBX-8025 and arhalofenate. Since product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than
those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later stage clinical trials, we expect that our research and development expenses will increase in the future. In addition, if our product
development efforts are successful, we expect to incur substantial costs to prepare for potential Phase 3 clinical trials and activities.      General
and Administrative Expenses      General and administrative expenses consist principally of personnel-related costs, professional fees
for legal, consulting, audit services, and other general operating expenses not otherwise included in research and development. General and administrative expenses decreased by $0.1 million, to $2.1 million from $2.2 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily due to lower legal and consulting services. General and administrative expenses decreased by $0.3 million, to $6.8 million from $7.1 million, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily due to lower employee stock-based compensation. For the next several quarters, we anticipate general and administrative expenses will remain relatively consistent with current levels, given
that we have completed a substantial portion of the effort required to expand our infrastructure and we have secured the professional services necessary to support us as a public reporting company under the Exchange Act.  
   Other Income (Expense), Net      Other
income (expense), net primarily includes gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of our investor and lender warrant liabilities at fair value. We use a binomial lattice option pricing model to value our warrants at each reporting date and
the warrant valuations have historically changed primarily as a result of variations in the price of our common stock which is an input to our valuation model. However, binomial lattice option pricing models incorporate a number of other input
variables, such as expected term, volatility, and other factors which, depending on the circumstances, can also impact our warrant liability valuations. A decline in the value of our warrant liabilities results in the recognition of a remeasurement
gain. Conversely, an increase in the value of our warrant liabilities results in the recognition of a remeasurement loss.    Other income
(expense), net for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, reflected a gain of $0.1 million and $1.1 million, respectively, in each case due to the remeasurement of our warrant liabilities at fair value. During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the gain recognized was due primarily to a reduction in the expected term and volatility of our investor warrants which are approaching expiration in September 2018. The changes in these variables more than offset the
value enhancing impact of an increase in the price of our common stock from $1.74 at June 30, 2016, to $1.94 at September 30, 2016. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the gain recognized was due primarily to a
decrease in the price of our common stock from $2.69 at June 30, 2015, to $1.94 at September 30, 2015.    Other income
(expense), net for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, reflected a gain of $43,000 and $11.0 million, respectively, in each case due to the remeasurement of our warrant liabilities at fair value. Specifically, during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the gain recognized was due primarily to a reduction in the expected term and volatility of our investor warrants which are approaching expiration in September 2018. The changes in these variables more than
offset the value enhancing impact of an increase in the price of our common stock from $1.69 at December 31, 2015, to $1.94 at September 30, 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the gain recognized was due
primarily to a decrease in the price of our common stock from $9.83 at December 31, 2014, to $1.94 at September 30, 2015.     Liquidity and
Capital Resources     We have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities, licensing fees, issuance of debt
and collaborations with third parties. At September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $23.1 million, compared to $41.5 million at December 31, 2015.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  On July 25, 2014, we completed a public offering of 4.6 million shares of our common
stock at $5.50 per share. Net proceeds to us in connection with the 2014 public offering were approximately $23.0 million after deducting underwriting discount, commissions and offering expenses.  
 On November 7, 2014, we filed a $100 million registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, which registration statement includes an
at-the-market facility to sell up to $25 million of common stock under the registration statement. In January and February 2015, we sold shares of our common stock under this facility for net proceeds to us of $4.3 million.  
 On July 27, 2015, pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3, we completed the issuance of 8,188,000 shares of our common
stock at $2.81 per share in an underwritten public offering. Net proceeds to us in connection with this offering were approximately $21.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses.  
  2015 Term Loan Facility     On
August 7, 2015, we entered into a new Loan and Security Agreement pursuant to which we refinanced our 2013 term loan facility with Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank for an aggregate amount of up to $15 million, which we refer to as the
2015 term loan facility. The first $10 million tranche of this new loan facility was made available to us immediately upon the closing and was used in part to retire all $4.1 million of our existing term loan debt outstanding on the closing date,
and to settle closing costs with the lenders. The remaining $5 million, referred to as the second tranche, was available to us until March 31, 2016, for draw down upon the announcement of a qualified out-license or co-development arrangement
for arhalofenate, our gout therapy drug candidate, which includes an upfront payment of not less than $35,000,000 (the  second draw milestone ). The $5 million second tranche expired unused in March 2016 as the second draw milestone was
not achieved.    The first loan tranche bears interest at 8.77%, a rate determined on the advance date as being the greater of
(i) 8.75% and (ii) the sum of 8.47% and the 90 day U.S. LIBOR rate reported in the Wall Street Journal three business days prior to the funding date of the first tranche. Under the first tranche, we are required to make 12 monthly
interest only payments after the funding date followed by a repayment schedule equal to 36 equal monthly payments of interest and principal. Upon maturity, the remaining loan balance and a final payment equal to 6.50% of the original principal
amount advanced are payable.    We are permitted to make voluntary prepayments of the term loans with a prepayment fee equal to 3% of the
principal amount of any term loans prepaid. We are required to make mandatory prepayments of the outstanding term loans upon the acceleration by the lenders of such loans following the occurrence of an event of default, along with a payment of the
final payment, the prepayment fee and any all other obligations that are due and payable at the time of the prepayment.    Our obligations
under the term loan facility are secured, subject to customary permitted liens and other agreed upon exceptions, by a perfected first priority interest in all of our tangible and intangible assets, excluding our intellectual property. We also
entered into a negative pledge agreement with the lenders pursuant to which we have agreed not to encumber any of our intellectual property.  
 The 2015 term loan facility contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants applicable to
us, including, among other things, restrictions on dispositions, changes in business, management, ownership or business locations, mergers or acquisitions, indebtedness, encumbrances, distributions, investments, transactions with affiliates and
subordinated debt. The representations and warranties contained in the 2015 loan facility were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement to allocate risk and may
be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties; accordingly, they should not be relied upon by investors as to assertions of factual matters. The 2015 term loan facility also includes customary events of default, including but not limited to
the nonpayment of principal or interest, violations of covenants, material adverse change, attachment, levy, restraint on business, bankruptcy, material judgments and misrepresentations. Upon an event of default, the lenders may, among other things,
accelerate the loans and foreclose on the collateral. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the terms of the term loan covenants and there were no events of default.  
 At the closing of the 2015 term loan facility, we also agreed to pay a facility fee of 1.00% of the 2015 term loan facility commitment. In
addition, we issued warrants exercisable for a total of 114,436 shares of our common stock to the lenders at an exercise price of $2.84 per share, and with a term of ten years.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

   Cash Flows   
 The following table sets forth a summary of the net cash flow activity for each of the periods indicated below (in thousands):  
   
    Operating Activities : Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, was $17.9 million primarily due to a net loss of $19.7 million resulting from ongoing drug development activities and other changes in operating assets and liabilities of $0.4 million, offset by $1.8 million of stock-based
compensation and other noncash items of $0.5 million.     Investing Activities:  Net cash provided by investing activities was $17.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to net maturities of marketable securities.     Financing
Activities:  Net cash used in financing activities was $0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, due to the repayment of loan principal.  
   Capital Requirements      As of
September 30, 2016, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $23.1 million. These funds will satisfy our liquidity requirements through at least the second quarter of 2017. We expect to incur substantial expenditures in the
future for the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. Because of this, we expect our future liquidity and capital resource needs will be impacted by numerous factors, including but not limited to, the timing of
initiation of planned clinical trials, including phase 2 trials to study the therapeutic benefits of MBX-8025 on patients with certain orphan diseases as well as a phase 3 clinical trial to study the therapeutic benefits of arhalofenate on patients
with gout. We will therefore continue to require additional financing to develop our products and fund future operating losses and will seek funds through equity financings, debt, collaborative or other arrangements with corporate sources, or
through other sources of financing. It is unclear if or when any such financing transactions will occur, on satisfactory terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and our
ability to pursue our business strategies. If adequate funds are not available to us, we may be required to reduce our development activities or to close our business.  
  Contractual Obligations and Commitments   
 There have been no significant changes to our aggregate contractual obligations as compared to the disclosures in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2016.     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We do not currently have, nor have we ever had, any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities
often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities
involving non-exchange traded contracts.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       This item is not applicable
to us as a smaller reporting company.      

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures         

(a)  
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.    
      22  

Table of Contents  

(b)  
  Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls.  A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the controls are met.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a company have been detected. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met and, as set forth above, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the
end of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were sufficiently effective to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system were met.    

(c)  
  Changes in Internal Controls.  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.         PART II. OTHER
INFORMATION       

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors        During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no material
changes to the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, other than the risk factors disclosed below. In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the information set forth
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the risk factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business,
financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as other risks and uncertainties, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the trading price of shares of our common stock. Additional risks not currently known or currently material to us may also harm our business.   
   We will need additional capital in the future to sufficiently fund our operations and research.    
 We have consumed substantial amounts of capital to date as we continue our research and development activities. As of September 30, 2016,
we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $23.1 million. We believe that these funds, which were obtained through recent equity and debt financings, will allow us to continue operation through at least the second
quarter of 2017. We currently believe that we will need to raise additional capital to continue our operations thereafter. We will need additional capital to further develop MBX-8025 and arhalofenate which we may obtain through equity financings,
debt, collaborative or other arrangements with corporate sources, or through other sources of financing. Our monthly spending levels vary based on new and ongoing development and corporate activities.  
 Developing pharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain
process that takes years to complete. We expect our research and development expenses to substantially increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance development of our lead clinical product candidates MBX-8025 and
arhalofenate.    In the event we do not successfully raise sufficient funds in financing our product development activities, particularly
related to the ongoing development of MBX-8025 and arhalofenate, it will be necessary to curtail our product development activities commensurate with the magnitude of the shortfall or our product development activities may cease altogether. To the
extent that the costs of the ongoing development of MBX-8025 or arhalofenate exceed our current estimates and we are unable to raise sufficient additional capital to cover such additional costs, we will need to reduce operating expenses, enter into
a collaboration or other similar arrangement with respect to development and/or commercialization rights to MBX-8025 or arhalofenate, outlicense intellectual property rights to MBX-8025 or arhalofenate, sell assets or effect a combination of the
above. No assurance can be given that we will be able to effect any of such transactions on acceptable terms, if at all. Failure to progress the development of arhalofenate and MBX-8025 will have a negative effect on our business, future prospects
and ability to obtain further financing on acceptable terms (if at all).    Beyond the plan of operations outlined above, our future funding
requirements and sources will depend on many factors, including but not limited to the following:      

the rate of progress and cost of our clinical studies, including in particular the Phase 3 studies of arhalofenate and Phase 2 studies of MBX-8025;    

the need for additional or expanded clinical studies;        

the rate of progress and cost of our Chemistry, Manufacturing and Control development, registration and validation program;        

the timing, economic and other terms of any licensing, collaboration or other similar arrangement into which we may enter;    
      23  

Table of Contents  

the costs and timing of seeking and obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals;        

the extent of our other development activities;        

the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; and        

the effect of competing products and market developments.      If we are unable to raise
additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we will be prevented from pursuing development and commercialization efforts, which will have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects and on
our ability to develop our product candidates.    We have incurred significant net losses in each year since our inception, including a net
loss of approximately $19.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $15.5 million and $31.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, and 2014, respectively. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant
losses for the foreseeable future, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $416.0 million.  
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities, licensing fees, issuance of debt and collaborations
with third parties. We have devoted most of our financial resources to research and development, including our preclinical development activities and clinical trials. We have not completed development of any product candidates. We expect to continue
to incur significant and increasing losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. The size of our losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future expenditures and our ability to generate revenues. In particular, we expect to incur
substantial and increased expenses as we:      

continue the development of our product candidates MBX-8025 and arhalofenate;        

expand our research and development activities and advance our clinical programs, including MBX-8025;        

seek a partner for further development and potential commercialization of arhalofenate;        

seek to obtain regulatory approvals for arhalofenate;        

prepare for the potential commercialization of arhalofenate;        

scale up manufacturing capabilities to commercialize arhalofenate for any indications for which we receive regulatory approval;        

begin outsourcing of the commercial manufacturing of arhalofenate for any indications for which we receive regulatory approval;        

establish an infrastructure for the sales, marketing and distribution of arhalofenate for any indications for which we receive regulatory approval;    

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio;        

continue our research and development efforts and seek to discover additional product candidates; and        

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and commercialization efforts and operations as a public company.    
 We do not anticipate that we will generate revenue from the sale of our products for the foreseeable future. Our ability to become profitable
depends upon our ability to generate significant continuing revenues.    In the absence of additional sources of capital, which may not be
available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, the development of MBX-8025, arhalofenate or future product candidates may be reduced in scope, delayed or terminated. If our product candidates fail in clinical studies or do not gain regulatory
approval, or if our future products, if any, do not achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable.    Even if we do achieve
profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our
business, diversify our product offerings or continue our operations.     Risks Related to Clinical Development and Regulatory Approval
      We depend on the success of our product candidates, arhalofenate and MBX-8025, which are still under clinical development and we may not obtain
regulatory approval or successfully commercialize either of these product candidates.    
      24  

Table of Contents  

  We have not marketed, distributed or sold any products. The success of our business depends upon
our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates, including arhalofenate, which has completed eight Phase 1 and nine Phase 2 clinical trials, including five Phase 2 studies in gout, and MBX-8025, which has completed five Phase 1 and
three Phase 2 clinical trials. We had an end of phase 2 meeting with the FDA to review the results of our clinical studies and to discuss the proposed design of a phase 3 program for arhalofenate. There is no guarantee that our clinical trials will
be completed or, if completed, will be successful. In March 2016, we completed a second Phase 2 clinical study for MBX-8025 in patients with homozygous familial hypercholestorolemia (HoFH). In May 2016, we announced results from a third Phase 2
clinical study of MBX-8025 in patients with primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) that we discontinued early after interim safety and efficacy data demonstrated proof-of-concept but a need for further dose reduction to optimize clinical safety and
efficacy given the occurrence of elevated liver transaminases. The success of arhalofenate and MBX-8025, respectively, will depend on several factors, including the following:      

successful enrollment and completion of clinical trials;        

positive efficacy and safety data from clinical trials;        

recognition by the FDA and other regulatory authorities outside of the U.S. of orphan disease designation for MBX-8025 in target indications in addition to those already obtained;    

obtaining a partner to further develop and potentially commercialize arhalofenate;        

receipt of marketing approvals from the FDA and regulatory authorities outside the U.S. for our product candidates;        

establishing commercial manufacturing capabilities by making arrangements with third-party manufacturers;        

launching commercial sales of the product, whether alone or in collaboration with others;        

acceptance of the product by patients, the medical community and third-party payors;        

effectively competing with other therapies;        

a continued acceptable safety profile of the product following approval; and        

obtaining, maintaining, enforcing and defending intellectual property rights and claims.      If
we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize MBX-8025 or arhalofenate, which would materially harm our business.  
   We depend on the successful completion of clinical trials for our product candidates, including MBX-8025 and arhalofenate. The positive clinical results
obtained for our product candidates in prior clinical studies may not be repeated in future clinical studies.      Before obtaining
regulatory approval for the sale of our product candidates, including MBX-8025 and arhalofenate, we must conduct additional clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive,
difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may
not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and
many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval for their products.  
 We have completed nine Phase 2 clinical studies of arhalofenate, including five in gout. In addition, eight clinical studies with MBX-8025 and
five clinical studies with MBX-2982 have been conducted. However, we have never conducted a Phase 3 clinical trial. The results we have seen to date in our Phase 2 clinical trials of MBX-8025 and arhalofenate do not ensure that later clinical trials
will demonstrate similar results. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy characteristics despite having progressed satisfactorily through preclinical studies and initial clinical
testing. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, including those with greater resources and experience, have suffered significant setbacks in Phase 3 clinical development, even after seeing promising results in
earlier clinical trials.    We may experience a number of unforeseen events during clinical trials for our product candidates, including MBX-8025 and
arhalofenate, that could delay or prevent the commencement and/or completion of our clinical trials, including the following:      

regulators or institutional review boards may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site;    

the clinical study protocol may require one or more amendments delaying study completion;    
      25  

Table of Contents  

clinical trials of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon product development programs;

the number of subjects required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate or subjects may drop
out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate;        

clinical investigators or study subjects fail to comply with clinical study protocols;        

trial conduct and data analysis errors may occur, including, but not limited to, data entry and/or labeling errors;        

our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all;    

we might have to suspend or terminate clinical trials of our product candidates for various reasons, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to unacceptable health risks;    

regulators or institutional review boards may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements;    

the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates may be greater than we anticipate;        

the supply or quality of our clinical trial materials or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; and    

our product candidates may have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, causing us or our investigators to suspend or terminate the trials.    
 We expect our research and development expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we commence a Phase 3
clinical trial with arhalofenate and undertake additional clinical trials of our other product candidates MBX-8025 and MBX-2982. We currently plan to obtain a partner for arhalofenate before commencing the Phase 3 program. It is possible that in
addition to obtaining a partner for arhalofenate, we may also be required to raise additional capital to complete Phase 3 development. We also will need to raise substantial additional capital in the future to complete the development and
commercialization of MBX-8025, as well as MBX-2982 for which we currently have no planned clinical trials. Because successful development of our product candidates is uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds required to complete
research and development and commercialize our products under development.    Negative or inconclusive results of our future clinical trials
of MBX-8025 or arhalofenate, or any other clinical trial we conduct, could require that we repeat or conduct additional clinical studies. Despite the results reported in earlier clinical trials for MBX-8025 and arhalofenate, we do not know whether
any clinical trials we may conduct will demonstrate adequate efficacy and safety to result in regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates. If later stage clinical trials do not produce favorable results, our ability to obtain
regulatory approval for our product candidates, including arhalofenate, may be adversely impacted.      We have only recently commenced testing of
MBX-8025 in clinical studies for the indications which we are currently pursuing for MBX-8025, including homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) and Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). If MBX-8025 does not demonstrate safety or efficacy in
the treatment of any of these indications, or if the benefits of treatment with MBX-8025 do not outweigh the risks, our ability to successfully develop and commercialize MBX-8025 may be adversely affected.    
 We have only recently commenced clinical trials of MBX-8025 for the indications for which we currently are pursuing, including HoFH and PBC
and MBX-8025 may not be demonstrated to be effective in treatment of these or other indications we may target. For instance, in March 2016, we completed a Phase 2 clinical study evaluating MBX-8025 in 13 patients with HoFH. However, as a result of
the variability in responses observed in this study, including a number of patients that did not experience a decrease in LDL-C, we believe additional proof-of-concept data would be warranted before determining whether or not to advance to a
registration study of MBX-8025 in patients with HoFH. Although we believe that MBX-8025 may be beneficial to address the diseases for which we are considering redirecting its development, there is no guarantee that MBX-8025 will prove to be safe or
efficacious in the treatment of these diseases, or that we will be able to obtain regulatory approval for these indications. The results of these clinical studies and other nonclinical studies may determine whether the benefits perceived from the
use of MBX-8025 would outweigh the risks perceived from treatment with MBX-8025. In May 2016, we announced results from a Phase 2 clinical study of MBX-8025 in patients with primary biliary cholangitis (PBC) that we discontinued early after interim
safety and efficacy data demonstrated proof-of-concept but a need for further dose reduction to optimize clinical safety and efficacy given the occurrence of elevated liver transaminases. Liver transaminase levels for these patients returned back to
within normal range once patients discontinued treatment with MBX-8025. Although we intend to study doses of MBX-8025 below 50 mg in subsequent clinical studies in patients with PBC, there is no assurance that we will not continue to see patients
experience elevated liver transaminases. A complete review of safety data from the discontinued Phase 2 clinical study is ongoing and there is no assurance that other safety signals will not adversely affect future development of MBX-8025 in
patients with PBC or other patient populations.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

    Our product candidates may cause adverse effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their
regulatory approval or limit the scope of any approved label or market acceptance.      Arhalofenate has been studied in a total of 17
clinical trials with over 1,100 subjects. The emergence of adverse events (AEs) caused by arhalofenate in future studies could cause us, other reviewing entities, clinical study sites or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical
studies and could result in the denial of regulatory approval. There is also a risk that our other product candidates, including MBX-8025, may induce AEs, many of which may be unknown at this time. If an unacceptable frequency and/or severity of AEs
are reported in our clinical trials for our product candidates, our ability to obtain regulatory approval for product candidates, including arhalofenate and MBX-8025, may be negatively impacted. For example, although we did not observe liver
transaminase elevations in two separate Phase 2 clinical studies of MBX-8025 in patients with mixed dyslipidemia nor in patients with HoFH, we did observe this elevation in our Phase 2 clinical study of MBX-8025 in patients with PBC. There is no
guarantee that we will not observe this or any other AE if we study MBX-8025 in patients with PBC at lower doses or in any other patient population that could adversely affect future development of MBX-8025.  
 Furthermore, if any of our approved products cause serious or unexpected side effects after receiving market approval, a number of potentially
significant negative consequences could result, including the following:      

regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product or impose restrictions on its distribution in a form of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS);    

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications that could diminish the usage of the product or otherwise limit the commercial success of the affected
product;        

we may be required to change the way the product is administered or to conduct additional clinical studies;        

we may choose to discontinue sale of the product;        

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and        

our reputation may suffer.      Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining
market acceptance of the affected product candidate and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our product candidates.      

Item 6.  
  Exhibits       See the Exhibit Index which follows the signature page of this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.       

CYMABAY THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

By: 
   
   /s/ Harold Van Wart   

Harold Van Wart  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: 
   
 November 9, 2016  

By: 
   
   /s/ Sujal Shah   

Sujal Shah  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

Date: 
   
 November 9, 2016  

28  

Table of Contents  

   INDEX TO EXHIBITS   
   
   Cross references to other filings in the table above incorporate such agreements and descriptions above by reference here.
 
      29  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d240882dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Harold Van Wart,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 9, 2016       

/s/ Harold Van Wart   
 
 Harold Van Wart  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d240882dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Sujal Shah, certify
that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 9, 2016       

/s/ Sujal Shah   
 
 Sujal Shah  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d240882dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION     Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350), Harold Van
Wart, Chief Executive Officer of CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ), and Sujal Shah, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:  

1. 
 The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Periodic Report ), fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and        

2. 
 The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    
 In Witness Whereof, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of November 9, 2016.  

/s/ Harold Van Wart  

/s/ Sujal Shah   
 
 Harold Van Wart 

Sujal Shah  
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer  
   This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the
date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cbay-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cbay-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cbay-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cbay-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cbay-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cbay-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

