<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161130_10-K_edgar_data_1415744_0001213900-16-019063_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2377488</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>239013</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>312657</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>864600</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>503495</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>368861</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>100</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-019063.hdr.sgml : 20161130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161130163955
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-019063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		32
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHERN MINERALS & EXPLORATION LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001415744
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-146934
		FILM NUMBER:		162025658

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1301 AVENUE M
		CITY:			CISCO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76437
		BUSINESS PHONE:		254-442-2627

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 31
		CITY:			CISCO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76437

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Punchline Resources Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120910

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Punchline Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-019063.txt : 20161130

10-K
 1
 f10k2016_northernminerals.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

Form
10-K   

(Mark
One)  

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the fiscal year ended             July 31, 2016    

Commission
File Number             333-146934    

NORTHERN
    MINERALS   EXPLORATION LTD.    
 
      (Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Nevada   
         
       98-0557171    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of   
     incorporation or organization)   
         
      (IRS
    Employer   
     Identification No.)    

(Former
    name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

     YES     NO  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

     YES     NO  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated
    filer     
 
      Non-accelerated filer  
         
      (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act  

     YES     NO  

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY   
 PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS   

Check
whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
after the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.  

     YES     NO  

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

  26,497,818
common shares issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2016.  

NORTHERN
MINERALS   EXPLORATION LTD.   

FORM
10-K   

For
the Year ended July 31, 2016   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART
    I    
      1   
 
        ITEM
    1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS    
      1   
 
        ITEM
    1A.  RISK FACTORS    
      8   
 
        ITEM
    2.  PROPERTIES    
      20   
 
        ITEM
    3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    
      30   
 
        ITEM
    4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    
      30   
 
        PART
    II    
      30   
 
        ITEM
    5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES    
      30   
 
        ITEM
    6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    
      33   
 
        ITEM
    7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
      33   
 
        ITEM
    7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
      36   
 
        ITEM
    8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    
      37   
 
        ITEM
    9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES    
      54   
 
        ITEM
    9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    
      54   
 
        ITEM
    9B. OTHER INFORMATION    
      55   
 
        PART
    III    
      55   
 
        ITEM
    10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    
      55   
 
        ITEM
    11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION    
      59   
 
        ITEM
    12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS    
      62   
 
        ITEM
    13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE    
      62   
 
        ITEM
    14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES    
      63   
 
        PART
    IV    
      64   
 
        ITEM
    15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES    
      64   
 
        SIGNATURES    
      65   

PART
I   

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS    

Our
Corporate History and Background   

We
were incorporated on December 11, 2006 under the laws of the State of Nevada.  

We
were originally a company involved in the placing of strength testing amusement gaming machines called Boxers in venues such as
bars, pubs and nightclubs in the Seattle area, in the State of Washington. We acquired one Boxer that had been placed in Lynnwood,
Washington. However, the machine was de-commissioned as it needed material repairs. We were not able to secure sufficient capital
for these repairs and our management decided to change our business focus to on oil and gas and mineral exploration.  

Current
Business   

Coleman
County, Texas   Three well rework/re-completion project   

On
October 14, 2014, we entered into an agreement to acquire a 75% working interest in the J.E. Richey lease. This lease area has
six known productive formations. The existing three wells on the lease are fully equipped. Beginning in May 2015 we started conducting
operations on the three wells to place them back into production. The rework/re-completion was completed on July 28, 2015 and
production of oil and gas was established. For additional information on the Coleman County, Texas   Three well rework/re-completion
project - See ITEM 2 PROPERTIES.  

Callahan
County, Texas   Shallow Oil project   

On
July 7, 2014, we acquired a 75% working interest in the Isenhower lease. The Isenhower lease has three fully equipped wells completed
in the Cook Sandstone at approximately 500 feet. The lease also has one approved water injection well and eight potential undrilled
locations. Our plan is to rework all three of the wells to place them back into production and drill new wells to fully develop
the acreage. No work was conducted during the fiscal year. Terms are being negotiated for addition time to perform the terms of
the agreement. As of the date of this report no definitive terms have been reached. For additional information on the Callahan
County, Texas Shallow Oil Project - See ITEM 2 PROPERTIES.  

Callahan
County, Texas   Mississippi Reef project   

On
July 7, 2014, we acquired a 60% working interest in the J. Morgan lease. The J. Morgan lease is located in an area with multiple
formations that are known to be oil and gas productive. No work was conducted during the fiscal year. Terms are being negotiated
for addition time to perform the terms of the agreement. As of the date of this report no definitive terms have been reached.
For additional information on the Callahan County, Texas   Mississippi Project - See ITEM 2 PROPERTIES.  

Jones
County, Texas   Palo Pinto Reef project   

During
the fiscal year the Company acquired the Olson lease covering 160 acres in Jones County, Texas. This lease is 1.5 miles from
the Strand Palo Pinto Reef Field which was discovered in 1940 and has produced 1,700,000 barrels of oil from 8 wells or 212,500
barrels of oil per well. The structure map on the Palo Pinto shows a large buildup in the Palo Pinto Reef across the southern
portion of the lease. The Guinn #1 Olson well is 90  high to a well 1000  to the southeast and 42  high to a
well 1,150  to the northwest. The Guinn well had a show and a tremendous buildup in the Palo Pinto Reef. The structural
buildup and reef buildup across the acreage and close similarities to the Strand Field make this a very good prospect. For additional
information on the Jones County, Texas project - See ITEM 2 PROPERTIES.  

Winnemucca
Mountain Property   

On
September 14, 2012, our company entered into an option agreement (as amended and restated on November 15, 2012, February 1, 2013
and August 26, 2013) with AHL Holdings Ltd., a Nevada corporation, and Golden Sands Exploration Inc., a company incorporated under
the laws of British Columbia, Canada, wherein we acquired an option to purchase a revised 80% interest in and to certain mining
claims from AHL Holdings and Golden Sands, which claims form the Winnemucca Mountain Property in Humboldt County, Nevada. This
Winnemucca Mountain property is currently comprised of 208 unpatented mining claims covering an area of approximately 3,800 acres.  

The
aggregate cash fee payable to exercise the option has been increased from $1,715,000 to $1,755,000 and the total number of common
shares issuable to exercise the option has been increased from 100,000 to 2,100,000. Lastly, the amended and restated agreement
provides that AHL Holdings may elect to receive shares of our common stock in lieu of any cash payments payable pursuant to the
agreement at a 75% discount to the then current closing market price.   

Effective
July 30, 2014, we entered into amended and restated option agreement with AHL Holdings and Golden Sands  that
materially modifies and replaces the terms of the original option agreement (as amended last on August 26, 2013). No work was
conducted on the property during the current fiscal year. Subsequent to July 31, 2016 the Company was negotiating to amend its
option agreement with AHL Holdings and Golden Sands. For additional information see ITEM 2 PROPERTIES.   

Mining
Sector   

Competition   

We
are a mineral resource exploration company. We compete with other mineral resource exploration companies for financing and for
the acquisition of new mineral properties. Many of the mineral resource exploration companies with whom we compete have greater
financial and technical resources than those available to us. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts
on acquisitions of mineral properties of merit, on exploration of their mineral properties and on development of their mineral
properties. In addition, they may be able to afford more geological expertise in the targeting and exploration of mineral properties.
This competition could result in competitors having mineral properties of greater quality and interest to prospective investors
who may finance additional exploration. This competition could adversely impact on our ability to finance further exploration
and to achieve the financing necessary for us to develop our mineral properties.  

Compliance
with Government Regulation   

The
operation of mines is governed by both federal and state laws. The Empress Property and the Winnemucca Property are administered
by the United States Department of Interior, Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) in Nevada. In general, the federal
laws that govern mining claim location and maintenance and mining operations on Federal Lands, including the Empress Property
and Winnemucca Property, are administered by the BLM. Additional federal laws, such as those governing the purchase, transport
or storage of explosives, and those governing mine safety and health, also apply.  

The
State of Nevada likewise requires various permits and approvals before mining operations can begin, although the state and federal
regulatory agencies usually cooperate to minimize duplication of permitting efforts. Among other things, a detailed reclamation
plan must be prepared and approved, with bonding in the amount of projected reclamation costs. The bond is used to ensure that
proper reclamation takes place, and the bond will not be released until that time. The Nevada Division of Environmental Protection
(NDEP) is the state agency that administers the reclamation permits, mine permits and related closure plans on the project. Local
jurisdictions may also impose permitting requirements, such as conditional use permits or zoning approvals.  

Mining
activities at the Properties are also subject to various environmental laws, both federal and state, including but not limited
to the federal  National Environmental Policy Act ,  CERCLA  (as defined below), the  Resource Recovery and Conservation
Act , the  Clean Water Act , the  Clean Air Act  and the  Endangered Species Act , and certain Nevada state
laws governing the discharge of pollutants and the use and discharge of water. Various permits from federal and state agencies
are required under many of these laws. Local laws and ordinances may also apply to such activities as waste disposal, road use
and noise levels.  

We
are committed to fulfilling our requirements under applicable environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are
continually changing and, as a general matter, are becoming more restrictive. Our policy is to conduct our business in a manner
that safeguards public health and mitigates the environmental effects of our business activities. To comply with these laws and
regulations, we have made, and in the future may be required to make, capital and operating expenditures.  

The
 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 , as amended (CERCLA), imposes strict, joint,
and several liability on parties associated with releases or threats of releases of hazardous substances. Liable parties include,
among others, the current owners and operators of facilities at which hazardous substances were disposed or released into the
environment and past owners and operators of properties who owned such properties at the time of such disposal or release. This
liability could include response costs for removing or remediating the release and damages to natural resources. We are unaware
of any reason why our properties would currently give rise to any potential liability under CERCLA. We cannot predict the likelihood
of future liability under CERCLA with respect to our properties or surrounding areas that have been affected by historic mining
operations.  

Under
the  Resource Conservation and Recovery Act  (RCRA) and related state laws, mining companies may incur costs for generating,
transporting, treating, storing, or disposing of hazardous or solid wastes associated with certain mining-related activities.
RCRA costs may also include corrective action or clean up costs.  

Mining
operations may produce air emissions, including fugitive dust and other air pollutants, from stationary equipment, such as crushers
and storage facilities, and from mobile sources such as trucks and heavy construction equipment. All of these sources are subject
to review, monitoring, permitting, and/or control requirements under the federal  Clean Air Act  and related state air quality
laws. Air quality permitting rules may impose limitations on our production levels or create additional capital expenditures in
order to comply with the permitting conditions. Under the federal  Clean Water Act  and delegated state water-quality programs,
point-source discharges into  Waters of the State  are regulated by the National Pollution Discharge Elimination System
(NPDES) program. Section 404 of the  Clean Water Act  regulates the discharge of dredge and fill material into  Waters
of the United States,  including wetlands. Stormwater discharges also are regulated and permitted under that statute. All
of those programs may impose permitting and other requirements on our operations.  

The
 National Environmental Policy Act  (NEPA) requires an assessment of the environmental impacts of  major  federal
actions. The  federal action  requirement can be satisfied if the project involves federal land or if the federal
government provides financing or permitting approvals. NEPA does not establish any substantive standards. It merely requires the
analysis of any potential impact. The scope of the assessment process depends on the size of the project. An  Environmental
Assessment  (EA) may be adequate for smaller projects. An  Environmental Impact Statement  (EIS), which is much
more detailed and broader in scope than an EA, is required for larger projects. NEPA compliance requirements for any of our proposed
projects could result in additional costs or delays.  

The
 Endangered Species Act  (ESA) is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service of the U.S. Department of Interior.
The purpose of the ESA is to conserve and recover listed endangered and threatened species and their habitat. Under the ESA,  endangered 
means that a species is in danger of extinction throughout all or a significant portion of its range. The term  threatened 
under such statute means that a species is likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future. Under the ESA, it is unlawful
to  take  a listed species, which can include harassing or harming members of such species or significantly modifying
their habitat. We currently are unaware of any endangered species issues at our projects that would have a material adverse effect
on our operations. Future identification of endangered species or habitat in our project areas may delay or adversely affect our
operations.  

U.S.
federal and state reclamation requirements often mandate concurrent reclamation and require permitting in addition to the posting
of reclamation bonds, letters of credit or other financial assurance sufficient to guarantee the cost of reclamation. If reclamation
obligations are not met, the designated agency could draw on these bonds or letters of credit to fund expenditures for reclamation
requirements. Reclamation requirements generally include stabilizing, contouring and re-vegetating disturbed lands, controlling
drainage from portals and waste rock dumps, removing roads and structures, neutralizing or removing process solutions, monitoring
groundwater at the mining site, and maintaining visual aesthetics. We are committed to maintaining all of our financial assurance
and reclamation obligations.  

We
believe that we are currently in compliance with the statutory and regulatory provisions governing our operations. We hold or
will hold all necessary permits and other authorizations to the extent that our current or future claims and the associated operations
require them. During the initial phases of our exploration program there will not be any significant disturbances to the land
or environment and hence, no government approval is required.  

However,
we may do business and own properties in a number of different geographical areas and are therefore subject to the jurisdictions
of a large number of different authorities at different countries. We plan to comply with all statutory and regulatory provisions
governing our current and future operations. However, these regulations may increase significant costs of compliance to us, and
regulatory authorities also could impose administrative, civil and criminal penalties for non-compliance. At this time, it is
not possible to accurately estimate how laws or regulations would impact our future business. We also can give no assurance that
we will be able to comply with future changes in the statutes and regulations.  

As
we do not know the extent of the exploration program that we will be undertaking, we cannot estimate the cost of the remediation
and reclamation that will be required. Hence, it is impossible at this time to assess the impact of any capital expenditures on
earnings or our competitive position in the event that a potentially economic deposit is discovered.  

If
we are successful in identifying a commercially viable ore body and we are able to enter into commercial production, due to the
increased environmental impact, the cost of complying with permit and environmental laws will be greater than in the previous
phases.  

Environmental
Regulations   

We
are not aware of any material violations of environmental permits, licenses or approvals that have been issued with respect to
our operations. We expect to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to our business, and at this time,
we do not anticipate incurring any material capital expenditures to comply with any environmental regulations or other requirements.  

While
our intended projects and business activities do not currently violate any laws, any regulatory changes that impose additional
restrictions or requirements on us or on our potential customers could adversely affect us by increasing our operating costs or
decreasing demand for our products or services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  

Oil
  Gas Sector   

Competition   

The
petroleum industry is highly competitive. Many of the oil and gas exploration companies with whom we compete have greater financial
and technical resources than we do. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on acquisitions of properties
of merit and on exploration. In addition, they may be able to afford greater geological expertise in the targeting and exploration
of resource properties. This competition could result in our competitors having resource properties of greater quality and interest
to prospective investors who may finance additional exploration, and to senior exploration companies that may purchase resource
properties or enter into joint venture agreements with junior exploration companies. This competition could adversely impact our
ability to finance property acquisitions and further exploration.  

We
compete with other exploration and early stage operating companies for financing from a limited number of investors prepared to
make investments in junior companies exploring for conventional and unconventional oil and gas resources. The presence of competing
oil and gas exploration companies, both major and independent, may impact our ability to raise additional capital in order to
fund our exploration programs if investors are of the view that investments in competitors are more attractive based on the merit
of the properties under investigation, and the price of the investment offered to investors.  

Governmental
Regulation   

Our
business is affected by numerous laws and regulations, including energy, environmental, conservation, tax and other laws and regulations
relating to the oil and natural gas industry. We have developed internal procedures and policies to ensure that our operations
are conducted in full and substantial environmental regulatory compliance.  

Failure
to comply with any laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties, the imposition
of injunctive relief or both. Moreover, changes in any of these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on business.
In view of the many uncertainties with respect to current and future laws and regulations, including their applicability to us,
we cannot predict the overall effect of such laws and regulations on our future operations.  

We
believe that our operations comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations and that the existence and enforcement
of such laws and regulations have no more restrictive an effect on our operations than on other similar companies in the oil and
natural gas industry.  

Pricing
and Marketing of Natural Gas   

In
the US, historically, the sale of natural gas in interstate commerce has been regulated pursuant to the Natural Gas Act of 1938,
or the NGA, the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978, or the NGPA, and regulations promulgated thereunder by the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission, or the FERC. In 1989, Congress enacted the Natural Gas Wellhead Decontrol Act, or the Decontrol Act. The Decontrol
Act removed all NGA and NGPA price and non-price controls affecting wellhead sales of natural gas effective January 1, 1993 and
sales by producers of natural gas are uncontrolled and can be made at market prices. The natural gas industry historically has
been heavily regulated and from time to time proposals are introduced by Congress and the FERC and judicial decisions are rendered
that impact the conduct of business in the natural gas industry. We cannot assure you that the less stringent regulatory approach
recently pursued by the FERC and Congress will continue.  

Pricing
and Marketing of Oil   

In
the US, sales of crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids are not regulated and are made at negotiated prices. Effective
January 1,1995, the FERC implemented regulations establishing an indexing system for transportation rates for oil that allowed
for an increase in the cost of transporting oil to the purchaser.  

Royalties
and Incentives   

The
royalty regime is a significant factor in the profitability of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids production. In the US,
all royalties are determined by negotiations between the mineral owner and the lessee.  

Environmental   

Like
the oil and natural gas industry in general, our properties are subject to extensive and changing federal, state and local laws
and regulations designed to protect and preserve natural resources and the environment. The recent trend in environmental legislation
and regulation in the oil and natural gas industry is generally toward stricter standards, and this trend is likely to continue.
These laws and regulations often require a permit or other authorization before construction or drilling commences and for certain
other activities; limit or prohibit access, especially in wilderness areas with endangered or threatened plant or animal species;
impose restrictions on construction, drilling and other exploration and production activities; regulate air emissions, wastewater
and other production and waste streams from our operations; impose substantial liabilities for pollution that may result from
our operations; and require the reclamation of certain lands.  

The
permits required for many of our operations are subject to revocation, modification and renewal by issuing authorities. Governmental
authorities have the power to enforce compliance with their regulations, and violations are subject to fines, compliance orders,
and other enforcement actions. We are not aware of any material noncompliance with current applicable environmental laws and regulations,
and we have no material commitments for capital expenditures to comply with existing environmental requirements, however, given
the complex regulatory requirements applicable to our operations, and the rapidly changing nature of environmental laws in our
industry, we cannot predict our future exposure concerning such matters, and our future costs to achieve compliance, or remedy
potential violations, could be significant. Our operations require permits and are regulated under environmental laws, and current
or future noncompliance with such laws, as well as changes to existing laws or interpretations thereof, could have a significant
impact on us, as well as the oil and natural gas industry in general.  

Waste
Disposal and Contamination Issues   

The
federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and comparable state laws may impose strict and joint
and several liability on owners and operators of contaminated sites and on persons who disposed of or arranged for the disposal
of hazardous substances found at such sites. Under these and other laws, the government, neighboring landowners and other third
parties may recover the costs of responding to soil and groundwater contamination and threatened releases of hazardous substances,
and seek recovery for related natural resources damages, personal injury and property damage. Some of our properties have been
used for exploration and production activities for a number of years by third parties, and such properties could result in unknown
cleanup liabilities for us.  

The
federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (the  RCRA ) and comparable state statutes govern the management, storage,
treatment and disposal of solid waste and hazardous waste and authorize imposition of substantial fines and penalties for noncompliance.
Although RCRA classifies certain oil field wastes as  non-hazardous  (for example, the waters produced from hydraulic
fracturing operations), such wastes could be reclassified as hazardous wastes in the future, thereby making them subject to more
stringent handling and disposal requirements which could have a material impact on us.  

Water
Regulation   

The
federal Clean Water Act (the  CWA ), the federal Safe Drinking Water Act (the  SWDA ) and analogous state
laws restrict the discharge of wastewater and other pollutants into surface waters or underground wells and the construction of
facilities in wetland areas without a permit. Federal regulations also require certain owners or operators of facilities that
store or otherwise handle oil, such as us, to prepare and implement spill prevention, control countermeasure and response plans
relating to the possible discharge of oil into surface waters. In addition, the Oil Pollution Act (the  OPA  ) contains
numerous requirements relating to the prevention of and response to oil spills into waters of the United States. For onshore and
offshore facilities that may affect waters of the United States, the OPA requires an operator to demonstrate financial responsibility.
Regulations are currently being developed or considered under federal and state laws concerning oil pollution prevention and other
matters that may impose additional regulatory burdens on us.  

These
and similar state laws also govern the management and disposal of produced waters from the extraction process. Currently, wastewater
associated with oil and natural gas production is prohibited from being directly discharged to waterways and other waters of the
U.S. While some of the wastewater is reused or re-injected, a significant amount still requires proper disposal. As a result,
some wastewater is transported to third-party treatment plants. In October 2011, citing concerns that third-party treatment plants
may not be properly equipped to handle wastewater from shale gas operations, the United States Environmental Protection Agency
(the  EPA ) announced that it will consider federal pre-treatment standards for these wastewaters. We cannot predict
the EPA's future actions in this regard, but future regulation of our produced waters or other waste streams could have a material
impact on us.  

Air
Emissions and Climate Change   

The
federal Clean Air Act ( CAA ) imposes permit requirements and operational restrictions on certain sources of emissions
used in our operations. In July 2011, the EPA published proposed New Source Performance Standards ( NSPS ) and National
Emissions Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants ( NESHAPs ) that would, if adopted, amend existing NSPS and NESHAP
standards for oil and natural gas facilities and create new NSPS standards for oil and natural gas production, transmission and
distribution facilities. Importantly, these standards would include standards for hydraulically fractured wells. The standards
would apply to newly drilled and fractured wells as well as existing wells that are refractured. A court has directed the EPA
to issue final rules by April 1, 2012. In a report issued in late 2011, the Shale Gas Production Subcommittee of the Department
of Energy (the  DOE Shale Gas Subcommittee ) called on the EPA to complete the rulemaking quickly and recommended expanding
the shale gas emission sources to be covered by the new rules. The DOE Shale Gas Subcommittee also encouraged states to take similar
action, and included several other recommendations for studying and reducing air emissions from shale gas production activities.
Because the EPA's regulations have not yet been finalized, we cannot at this time predict the impact they may have on our financial
condition or results of operation.  

The
issue of climate change has received increasing regulatory attention in recent years. The EPA has issued regulations governing
carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions citing its authority under the CAA Several of these
regulations have been challenged in litigation that is currently pending before the federal D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. In
December 2011, the EPA issued amendments to a final rule issued in 2010 requiring reporting of GHG emissions from the oil and
natural gas industry. Under this rule, we are obligated to report to the EPA certain GHG emissions from our operations. We do
not expect that the costs of this new reporting will be material to us. In a late 2011 report, the DOE Shale Gas Subcommittee
recommended that the EPA expand reporting requirements for GHG emissions from shale gas emission sources, and include methane
in reporting requirements. More generally, several proposals to regulate GHG emissions have been proposed in the U.S. Congress,
and various states have taken steps to regulate GHG emissions. The adoption and implementation of regulations or legislation imposing
restrictions or other regulatory obligations on emissions of GHGs from oil and natural gas operations could require us to obtain
permits or allowances for our GHG emissions, install new pollution controls, increase our operational costs, limit our operations
or adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas produced from our lands.  

Regulation
of Hydraulic Fracturing   

Our
industry uses hydraulic fracturing to recover oil and natural gas in deep shale and other previously inaccessible subsurface geological
formations. Hydraulic fracturing (or  fracking ) is a process to significantly increase production in drilled wells
by creating or expanding cracks, or fractures, in underground formations by injecting water, sand and other additives into formations
at high pressures. Like others in our industry, we may use this process as a means to increase the productivity of our wells.
Although hydraulic fracturing has been an accepted practice in the oil and natural gas industry for many years, its use has dramatically
increased in the last decade, and concerns over its potential environmental effects have received increasing attention from regulators
and the public.  

Under
the Safe Drinking Water Act ( SDWA ), the EPA is prohibited from regulating the injection of fracking fluids through
its underground injection control program, except in limited circumstances (for example, the EPA has asserted that it has authority
to regulate when diesel is a component of the fluids). Waters produced from fracking operations must be disposed of in accordance
with federal and state regulations. As discussed above, the EPA has announced an intention to propose pre-treatment standards
for produced waters that are to be disposed of at third-party wastewater treatment plants. Separately, the EPA is studying the
effects of fracking on drinking water as a result of Congressional and public concern over fracking's potential to impact groundwater
supplies, and the EPA has indicated that it expects to issue its findings later this year.  

In
that regard, the EPA recently issued a study indicating that contamination may have resulted from certain fracking operations
in Wyoming. The operator of the wells has challenged the EPA's findings, contending that other activities may be to blame for
contaminated groundwater in the area, but the EPA's findings can be expected to draw increased attention to potential groundwater
impacts from fracking. In late 2011, the DOE Shale Gas Subcommittee recommended further study and coordination of federal, state
and local efforts to determine and monitor potential groundwater impacts from fracking activities.  

Other
federal agencies, including the DOE, the Department of Interior, and the US Congress, are also investigating the potential impacts
of fracking. In addition, bills have been introduced in the US. Congress to amend the SWDA to allow the EPA to regulate the injection
of fracking fluids, which could require our and similar operations to meet federal permitting and financial assurance requirements,
adhere to certain construction and testing specifications, fulfill monitoring, reporting, and recordkeeping obligations, and meet
plugging and abandonment requirements. In addition, the federal Bureau of Land Management is developing draft regulations that
would require companies drilling on federal land to disclose details of chemical additives, test the integrity of wells and report
on water use and waste management. In November 2011, the EPA announced that it would solicit public input on possible reporting
requirements for chemicals used in fracking under the authority of the federal Toxic Substances Control Act.  

States,
which traditionally have been the primary regulators of exploration and production wells, are also considering or have recently
adopted, or may in the future adopt, additional regulations governing fracking activities. For example, North Dakota recently
adopted regulations, effective April 1, 2012, to require disclosure of the chemical components of hydraulic fracturing fluids.
We believe that compliance with any new reporting requirements will not have a material adverse impact on us. Nonetheless, these
disclosures could make it easier for third parties who oppose fracking to initiate legal proceedings based on allegations that
chemicals used in fracking could contaminate groundwater.  

In
addition, concerns have been raised about the potential for fracking to cause earthquakes through the disposal of produced waters
into Class II underground injection control ( UIC ). The EPA's current regulatory requirements for such wells do not
require the consideration of seismic impacts when issuing permits. Some environmentalists have asked the EPA to consider reversing
an exemption that excludes such wastewaters from hazardous waste rules, which would subject the wastes to more stringent management
and disposal requirements. We cannot predict the EPA's future actions in this regard. Certain states, such as Ohio, where earthquakes
have been alleged to be linked to fracking activities, have proposed regulations that would require mandatory reviews of seismic
data and related testing and monitoring as part of the future permitting process for UIC wells. In addition, certain other states,
including New York, New Jersey and Vermont have sought to place moratoria on fracking or subject it to more stringent permitting
and well construction and testing requirements. Additionally, several cities in the State of Colorado voted in November 2013 to
ban or restrict fracking activities within their city limits.  

Research
and Development Expenditures   

We
have not incurred any research and development expenditures over the past two fiscal years.  

Employees   

As
of July 31, 2016 we do not have any employees. Our three officers, Roger Autrey, Howard Siegel and Ivan Webb act as consultants.
Mr. Autrey was appointed Secretary on September 19, 2013. Mr. Siegel was appointed as a director on April 23, 2014. Mr. Siegel
was appointed as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer on April 24, 2014. Mr. Webb was appointed
as Vice President and a director on March 16, 2015.  

We
engage contractors from time to time to consult with us on specific corporate affairs or to perform specific tasks in connection
with our exploration programs.  

Subsidiaries   

We
do not have any subsidiaries.  

Intellectual
Property   

We
do not own, either legally or beneficially, any patent or trademark.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS    

Risks
Related To Our Overall Business Operations    

We
have a limited operating history with significant losses and expect losses to continue for the foreseeable future.    

We
have yet to establish any history of profitable operations. As at July 31, 2016, we have an accumulated deficit of $1,002,485
and total stockholders  equity of $217,165. We began generating revenues in October 2015. We expect that our revenues will
not be sufficient to sustain our operations for the foreseeable future. Our profitability will require our investments in
oil and gas properties to become cash flow positive and/or the successful commercialization of our mining properties. We
may not be able to successfully obtain a positive cash flow from our oil and gas investments or through commercializing our mining
properties or ever become profitable.   

There
is doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to recurring losses from operations, accumulated deficit and insufficient
cash resources to meet our business objectives, all of which means that we may not be able to continue operations.    

Our
independent auditors have added an explanatory paragraph to their audit opinion issued in connection with the financial statements
for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, with respect to their doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. As discussed in Note 1 to our financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2016, we have generated operating
losses since inception, and our cash resources are insufficient to meet our planned business objectives, which together raises
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

We
may not be able to secure additional financing to meet our future capital needs due to changes in general economic conditions.

We
anticipate needing significant capital to conduct further exploration and development needed to bring our existing oil and gas
and mining properties into production and/or to continue to seek out appropriate joint venture partners or buyers for certain
mining properties. We may use capital more rapidly than currently anticipated and incur higher operating expenses than currently
expected, and we may be required to depend on external financing to satisfy our operating and capital needs. We may need
new or additional financing in the future to conduct our operations or expand our business. Any sustained weakness in the
general economic conditions and/or financial markets in the United States or globally could adversely affect our ability to raise
capital on favorable terms or at all. From time to time we have relied, and may also rely in the future, on access to financial
markets as a source of liquidity to satisfy working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes. We may be unable
to secure debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, at the time when we need such funding. If we do
raise funds by issuing additional equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership percentages of existing stockholders would
be reduced, and the securities that we issue may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our
common stock or may be issued at a discount to the market price of our common stock which would result in dilution to our existing
stockholders. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to debt covenants, which could place limitations
on our operations including our ability to declare and pay dividends. Our inability to raise additional funds on a timely
basis would make it difficult for us to achieve our business objectives and would have a negative impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.  

Our
properties are in the exploration stage. There is no assurance that we can establish the existence of any mineral resource on
any of our properties in commercially exploitable quantities. Until we can do so, we can earn very little revenues from operations
and if we do not do so we will lose all of the funds that we expend on exploration. If we do not discover any mineral resource
in a commercially exploitable quantity, our business could fail.    

Despite
exploration work on our mineral properties, we have not established that our properties have sufficient mineral reserve to justify
a mining operation, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. If we do not, our business could fail.  

A
mineral reserve is defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission in its Industry Guide 7 (which can be viewed over the Internet
at  http://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/forms/industry.htm#secguide7 ) as that part of a mineral deposit which could be
economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. The probability of an individual prospect
ever having a  reserve  that meets the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission's Industry Guide 7 is
extremely remote; in all probability our mineral resource properties do not contain any 'reserve' and any funds that we spend
on exploration will probably be lost.  

Even
if we do eventually discover a mineral reserve on any of our properties, there can be no assurance that we will be able to develop
any of our properties into a producing mine and extract those resources. Both mineral exploration and development involve a high
degree of risk and few properties which are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines.  

The
commercial viability of an established mineral deposit will depend on a number of factors including, by way of example, the size,
grade and other attributes of the mineral deposit, the proximity of the resource to infrastructure such as a smelter, roads and
a point for shipping, government regulation and market prices. Most of these factors will be beyond our control, and any of them
could increase costs and make extraction of any identified mineral resource unprofitable.  

Mineral
operations are subject to applicable law and government regulation. Even if we discover a mineral resource in a commercially exploitable
quantity, these laws and regulations could restrict or prohibit the exploitation of that mineral resource. If we cannot exploit
any mineral resource that we might discover on any of our properties, our business may fail.    

Both
mineral exploration and extraction require permits from various foreign, federal, state, provincial and local governmental authorities
and are governed by laws and regulations, including those with respect to prospecting, mine development, mineral production, transport,
export, taxation, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic substances, land use, environmental protection,
mine safety and other matters. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any of the permits required
for the continued exploration of our mineral properties or for the construction and operation of a mine on our properties at economically
viable costs. If we cannot accomplish these objectives, our business could fail.  

We
believe that we are in compliance with all material laws and regulations that currently apply to our activities but there can
be no assurance that we can continue to remain in compliance. Current laws and regulations could be amended and we might not be
able to comply with them, as amended. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain all permits
necessary for our future operations, or that we will be able to obtain them on reasonable terms. To the extent such approvals
are required and are not obtained, we may be delayed or prohibited from proceeding with planned exploration or development of
our mineral properties.  

If
we establish the existence of a mineral resource on any of our properties in a commercially exploitable quantity, we will require
additional capital in order to develop the property into a producing mine. If we cannot raise this additional capital, we will
not be able to exploit the resource, and our business could fail.    

If
we do discover mineral resources in commercially exploitable quantities on any of our properties, we will be required to expend
substantial sums of money to establish the extent of the resource, develop processes to extract it and develop extraction and
processing facilities and infrastructure. Although we may derive substantial benefits from the discovery of a major deposit, there
can be no assurance that any discovered resource will be large enough to justify commercial operations, nor can there be any assurance
that we will be able to raise the funds required for development on a timely basis. If we cannot raise the necessary capital or
complete the necessary facilities and infrastructure, our business may fail.  

Mineral
exploration and development is subject to extraordinary operating risks. We do not currently insure against these risks. In the
event of a cave-in or similar occurrence, our liability may exceed our resources, which would have an adverse impact on our company.

Mineral
exploration, development and production involve many risks which even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation
may not be able to overcome. Our operations will be subject to all the hazards and risks inherent in the exploration for mineral
resources and, if we discover a mineral resource in commercially exploitable quantity, our operations could be subject to all
of the hazards and risks inherent in the development and production of resources, including liability for pollution, cave-ins
or similar hazards against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure. Any such event could result in
work stoppages and damage to property, including damage to the environment. We do not currently maintain any insurance coverage
against these operating hazards. The payment of any liabilities that arise from any such occurrence would have a material adverse
impact on our company.  

Mineral
prices are subject to dramatic and unpredictable fluctuations.    

We
expect to derive revenues, if any, either from the sale of our mineral resource properties or from the extraction and sale of
ore. The price of those commodities has fluctuated widely in recent years, and is affected by numerous factors beyond our control,
including international, economic and political trends, expectations of inflation, currency exchange fluctuations, interest rates,
global or regional consumptive patterns, speculative activities and increased production due to new extraction developments and
improved extraction and production methods. The effect of these factors on the price of base and precious metals, and therefore
the economic viability of any of our exploration properties and projects, cannot accurately be predicted.  

The
mining industry is highly competitive and there is no assurance that we will continue to be successful in acquiring mineral claims.
If we cannot continue to acquire properties to explore for mineral resources, we may be required to reduce or cease operations.

The
mineral exploration, development, and production industry is largely un-integrated. We compete with other exploration companies
looking for mineral resource properties. While we compete with other exploration companies in the effort to locate and acquire
mineral resource properties, we will not compete with them for the removal or sales of mineral products from our properties if
we should eventually discover the presence of them in quantities sufficient to make production economically feasible. Readily
available markets exist worldwide for the sale of mineral products. Therefore, we will likely be able to sell any mineral products
that we identify and produce.  

In
identifying and acquiring mineral resource properties, we compete with many companies possessing greater financial resources and
technical facilities. This competition could adversely affect our ability to acquire suitable prospects for exploration in the
future. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will acquire any interest in additional mineral resource properties that
might yield reserves or result in commercial mining operations.  

Risks
Associated With Our Mining Industry     

The
development and operation of our mining projects involve numerous uncertainties.    

Mine
development projects, including our planned projects, typically require a number of years and significant expenditures during
the development phase before production is possible.  

Development
projects are subject to the completion of successful feasibility studies, issuance of necessary governmental permits and receipt
of adequate financing. The economic feasibility of development projects is based on many factors such as:  

estimation
                                         of reserves;    

anticipated
                                         metallurgical recoveries;    

future
                                         gold and silver prices; and    

anticipated
                                         capital and operating costs of such projects.    

Our
mine development projects may have limited relevant operating history upon which to base estimates of future operating costs and
capital requirements. Estimates of proven and probable reserves and operating costs determined in feasibility studies are
based on geologic and engineering analyses.  

Any
of the following events, among others, could affect the profitability or economic feasibility of a project:  

unanticipated
                                         changes in grade and tonnage of material to be mined and processed;    

unanticipated
                                         adverse geotechnical conditions;    

incorrect
                                         data on which engineering assumptions are made;    

costs
                                         of constructing and operating a mine in a specific environment;    

availability
                                         and cost of processing and refining facilities;    

availability
                                         of economic sources of power;    

adequacy
                                         of water supply;    

adequate
                                         access to the site;    

unanticipated
                                         transportation costs;    

government
                                         regulations (including regulations relating to prices, royalties, duties, taxes, restrictions
                                         on production, quotas on exportation of minerals, as well as the costs of protection
                                         of the environment and agricultural lands);    

fluctuations
                                         in metal prices; and    

accidents,
                                         labor actions and force majeure events.    

Any
of the above referenced events may necessitate significant capital outlays or delays, may materially and adversely affect the
economics of a given property, or may cause material changes or delays in our intended exploration, development and production
activities. Any of these results could force us to curtail or cease our business operations.  

Mineral
exploration is highly speculative, involves substantial expenditures, and is frequently non-productive.    

Mineral
exploration involves a high degree of risk and exploration projects are frequently unsuccessful. Few prospects that are explored
end up being ultimately developed into producing mines. To the extent that we continue to be involved in mineral exploration,
the long-term success of our operations will be related to the cost and success of our exploration programs. We cannot assure
you that our mineral exploration efforts will be successful. The risks associated with mineral exploration include:  

the
                                         identification of potential economic mineralization based on superficial analysis;    

the
                                         quality of our management and our geological and technical expertise; and    

the
                                         capital available for exploration and development.    

Substantial
expenditures are required to determine if a project has economically mineable mineralization. It may take several years to
establish proven and probable reserves and to develop and construct mining and processing facilities. Because of these uncertainties,
our current and future exploration programs may not result in the discovery of reserves, the expansion of our existing reserves
or the further development of our mines.  

The
price of gold and silver are highly volatile and a decrease in the price of gold or silver would have a material adverse effect
on our business.    

The
profitability of mining operations is directly related to the market prices of metals. The market prices of metals fluctuate
significantly and are affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the rate of inflation,
the exchange rate of the dollar to other currencies, interest rates, and global economic and political conditions. Price
fluctuations of metals from the time development of a mine is undertaken to the time production can commence can significantly
affect the profitability of a mine. Accordingly, we may begin to develop one or more of our mining properties at a time when
the price of metals makes such exploration economically feasible and, subsequently, incur losses because the price of metals decreases. Adverse
fluctuations of the market prices of metals may force us to curtail or cease our business operations.  

Mining
risks and insurance could have an adverse effect on our profitability.    

Our
operations are subject to all of the operating hazards and risks normally incident to exploring for and developing mineral properties,
such as unusual or unexpected geological formations, environmental pollution, personal injuries, flooding, cave-ins, changes in
technology or mining techniques, periodic interruptions because of inclement weather and industrial accidents. Although maintenance
of insurance to ameliorate some of these risks is part of our proposed exploration program associated with those mining properties
we have an interest in, such insurance may not be available at economically feasible rates or in the future be adequate to cover
the risks and potential liabilities associated with exploring, owning and operating our properties. Either of these events
could cause us to curtail or cease our business operations.  

We
face significant competition in the mineral exploration industry.    

We
compete with other mining and exploration companies possessing greater financial resources and technical facilities than we do
in connection with the acquisition of exploration properties and leases on prospects and properties and in connection with the
recruitment and retention of qualified personnel. Such competition may result in our being unable to acquire interests in
economically viable gold and silver exploration properties or qualified personnel.  

Our
applications for exploration permits may be delayed or may be denied in the future.    

Exploration
activities usually require the granting of permits from various governmental agencies. For exploration drilling on unpatented
mineral claims, a drilling plan must be filed with the Bureau of Land Management or the United States Forest Service, which may
then take several months or more to grant the requested permit. Depending on the size, location and scope of the exploration
program, additional permits may also be required before exploration activities can be undertaken. Prehistoric or Indian grave
yards, threatened or endangered species, archeological sites or the possibility thereof, difficult access, excessive dust and
important nearby water resources may all result in the need for additional permits before exploration activities can commence. With
all permitting processes, there is the risk that unexpected delays and excessive costs may be experienced in obtaining required
permits or the refusal to grant required permits may not be granted at all, all of which may cause delays and unanticipated costs
in conducting planned exploration activities. Any such delays or unexpected costs in the permitting process could result
in serious adverse consequences to the price of our stock and to the value of your investment.  

Risks
Associated With Our Oil   Gas Industry     

A
substantial or extended decline in oil and natural gas prices or demand for oil and gas products may adversely affect our business,
financial condition, cash flow, liquidity or results of operations and our ability to meet our capital expenditure obligations
and financial commitments and to implement our business strategy.  

The
price we receive for our oil and natural gas production will heavily influence our revenue, profitability, access to capital,
and future rate of growth. Recent extremely high prices have affected the demand for oil and gas products, and that demand has
declined on a worldwide basis. If the decline in demand continues, the ability to command higher prices for oil and gas products
will be endangered. Oil and natural gas are commodities, and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response
to relatively minor changes in supply and demand. Historically, the markets for oil and natural gas have been volatile. These
markets will likely continue to be volatile in the future. The prices we receive for our production, and the levels of our production,
and the revenue we will receive, depend on numerous factors beyond our control. These factors include the following:  

changes
    in global supply and demand for oil and natural gas;   

the
                                         actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) and other
                                         organizations and government entities;    

the
    price and quantity of imports of foreign oil and natural gas;   

political
                                         conditions and events worldwide, including rules concerning production and environmental
                                         protection, and political instability in countries with significant oil production such
                                         as the Congo and Venezuela, all affecting oil-producing activity;    

the
    level of global oil and natural gas exploration and production activity;   

the
    short and long term levels of global oil and natural gas inventories;   

weather
    conditions;   

technological
                                         advances affecting the exploitation for oil and gas, and related advances for energy
                                         consumption; and    

the
    price and availability of alternative fuels.   

Lower
oil and natural gas prices may not only decrease our revenues but may also reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can
produce economically. A substantial or extended decline in oil or natural gas prices is likely to materially and adversely affect
our future business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or ability to finance planned capital expenditures.  

We
plan to conduct exploration, exploitation and production operations, which present additional unique operating risks.   

There
are additional risks associated with oil and gas investment which involve production and well operations and drilling. These risks
include, among others, substantial cost overruns and/or unanticipated outcomes that may result in uneconomic projects or wells.
Cost overruns could materially reduce the funds available to the Company, and cost overruns are common in the oil and gas industry.
Moreover, drilling expense and the risk of mechanical failure can be significantly increased in wells drilled to greater depths
and where one is more likely to encounter adverse conditions such as high temperature and pressure.  

We
may not be able to control operations of the wells we acquire.   

We
may not be able to acquire the operations for properties that we invest in. As a result, we may have limited ability to exercise
influence over the operations for these properties or their associated costs. Our dependence on another operator and other working
interest owners for these projects and our limited ability to influence operations and associated costs could prevent the realization
of our targeted returns on capital in drilling or acquisition activities. The success and timing of development and exploitation
activities on properties operated by others depend upon a number of factors that will be largely outside of our control, including:  

the timing and amount of capital
    expenditures;   

the
                                         availability of suitable drilling rigs, drilling equipment, production and transportation
                                         infrastructure and qualified operating personnel;    

the operator's expertise and financial
    resources;   

approval of other participants
    in drilling wells; and   

selection of technology.   

We
may not be successful in identifying or developing recoverable reserves.   

Our
future success depends upon our ability to acquire and develop oil and gas reserves that are economically recoverable. Proved
reserves will generally decline as reserves are depleted, except to the extent that we can replace those reserves by exploration
and development activities or acquisition of properties contain exploration, drilling and recompletion programs or other replacement
activities. Our current strategy includes increasing our reserve base through development, exploitation, exploration and acquisition.
There can be no assurance that our planned development and exploration projects or acquisition activities will result in significant
additional reserves or that we will have continuing success drilling productive wells at economical values in terms of their finding
and development costs. Furthermore, while our revenues may increase if oil and gas prices increase significantly, finding costs
for additional reserves have increased during the last few years. It is possible that product prices will decline while the Company
is in the middle of executing its plans, while costs of drilling remain high. There can be no assurance that we will replace reserves
or replace our reserves economically.  

Our
future oil   gas activities may not be successful.   

Oil
and gas activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be encountered.
There can be no assurance that new wells drilled by us will be productive or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment.
Drilling for oil and gas may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells, but from wells that are productive but do
not produce sufficient net revenues to return a profit after drilling, operating and other costs. The cost of drilling, completing
and operating wells is often uncertain, and the cost associated with these activities has risen significantly during the past
year. Our drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of numerous factors, many of which are beyond
our control, including economic conditions, mechanical problems, title problems, weather conditions, governmental requirements
and shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment and services. Our future oil and gas activities may not be successful and,
if unsuccessful, such failure may have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition.  

Our
operations are subject to risks associated with drilling or producing and transporting oil and gas.   

Our
operations are subject to hazards and risks inherent in drilling or producing and transporting oil and gas, such as fires, natural
disasters, explosions, encountering formations with abnormal pressures, blowouts, cratering, pipeline ruptures and spills, any
of which can result in the loss of hydrocarbons, environmental pollution, personal injury claims and other damage to our properties.  

The
lack of availability or high cost of drilling rigs, fracture stimulation crews, equipment, supplies, insurance, personnel and
oil field services could adversely affect our ability to execute our exploration and development plans on a timely basis and within
our budget.   

Our
industry is cyclical and, from time to time, there is a shortage of drilling rigs, fracture stimulation crews, equipment, supplies,
key infrastructure, insurance or qualified personnel. During these periods, the costs and delivery times of rigs, equipment and
supplies are substantially greater. In addition, the demand for, and wage rates of, qualified crews rise as the number of active
rigs and completion fleets in service increases. If increasing levels of exploration and production result in response to strong
prices of oil and natural gas, the demand for oilfield services will likely rise, and the costs of these services will likely
increase, while the quality of these services may suffer. If the lack of availability or high cost of drilling rigs, equipment,
supplies, insurance or qualified personnel were particularly severe in Texas, we could be materially and adversely affected because
our operations and properties are concentrated in Texas at the present time.  

Compliance
with government regulations may require significant expenditures.   

Our
business is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the exploration for, and the development, production
and transportation of oil and gas, as well as safety matters. Although we will attempt to conduct due diligence concerning standard
compliance issues, there is a heightened risk that our target properties are not in compliance because of lack of funding. We
may be required to make significant expenditures to comply with governmental laws and regulations that may have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Even if the properties are in substantial compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations, the requirements imposed by such laws and regulations are frequently changed and are subject to interpretation,
and we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these requirements or their effect on our operations.  

Environmental
regulations and costs of remediation could have a material adverse effect on our operations.   

Our
operations are subject to complex and constantly changing environmental laws and regulations adopted by federal, state and local
government authorities. The implementation of new, or the modification of existing, laws or regulations could have a material
adverse effect on our operations. The discharge of oil, gas or other pollutants into the air, soil, or water may give rise to
significant liabilities on our part to the government and third parties, and may require us to incur substantial costs of remediation.
We will be required to consider and negotiate the responsibility of the Company for prior and ongoing environmental liabilities.
We may be required to post or assume bonds or other financial guarantees with the parties from whom we purchase properties or
with governments to provide financial assurance that we can meet potential remediation costs. There can be no assurance that existing
environmental laws or regulations, as currently interpreted or reinterpreted in the future, or future laws or regulations will
not materially adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition or that material indemnity claims will not arise
against us with respect to properties acquired by us.  

Certain
United States federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and natural gas exploration and production
may be eliminated as a result of future legislation.   

Recently,
there has been significant discussion among members of Congress regarding potential legislation that, if enacted into law, would
eliminate certain key United States federal income tax incentives currently available to oil and natural gas exploration and production
companies. These changes include, among other proposals:  

the
                                         repeal of the limited percentage depletion allowance for oil and natural gas production
                                         in the United States;    

the
                                         replacement of expensing intangible drilling and development costs in the year incurred
                                         with an amortization of those costs over several years;    

the
    elimination of the deduction for certain domestic production activities; and   

an
    extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures.   

It
is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted. The passage of this legislation or any similar changes in federal
income tax laws could eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions that are currently available with respect to U.S. oil and natural
gas exploration and development. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows.  

We
operate in a highly competitive environment.   

We
operate in the highly competitive areas of oil and gas exploration, development, acquisition and production with other companies.
In seeking to acquire desirable producing properties or new leases for future exploration, and in marketing our oil and gas production,
we face intense competition from both major and independent oil and gas companies. If any of these competitors have financial
and other resources substantially in excess of those available to us. Our inability to effectively compete in this environment
could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  

The
producing life of oil and gas wells is uncertain, and production will decline.   

It
is not possible to predict the life and production of any oil and gas wells with accuracy. The actual life could differ significantly
from that anticipated. Sufficient oil or natural gas may not be produced for investors to receive a profit or even to recover
their initial investments. In addition, production from the Company's oil and natural gas wells, if any, will decline over time,
and current production does not necessarily indicate any consistent level of future production. A production decline may be rapid
and irregular when compared to a well's initial production.  

Our
lack of diversification will increase the risk of an investment in us, as our financial condition may deteriorate if we fail to
diversify.   

Larger
companies have the ability to manage their risk by diversification. However, we lack diversification, in terms of both the nature
and geographic scope of our business. As a result, we will likely be impacted more acutely by factors affecting our industry or
the regions in which we operate than we would if our business were more diversified, enhancing our risk profile. If we cannot
diversify our operations, our financial condition and results of operations could deteriorate. The Company has a limited number
of potential revenue generating properties. These properties historically had revenue derived from the sale of natural gas and
oil. Therefore, the price we receive for our oil and natural gas production heavily influences our revenue, profitability, access
to capital and future rate of growth.  

Our
business may suffer if we do not attract and retain talented personnel.   

Our
success will depend in large measure on the abilities, expertise, judgment, discretion, integrity and good faith of our management
and other personnel in conducting our intended business. We presently have a small management team which we intend to expand in
conjunction with our planned operations and growth. The loss of a key individual, or our inability to attract suitably qualified
staff could materially adversely impact our business.  

We
may not be able to establish substantial oil operations or manage our growth effectively, which may harm our profitability.   

Our
strategy envisions establishing and expanding our oil business. If we fail to effectively establish sufficient oil operations
and thereafter manage our growth, our financial results could be adversely affected. Growth may place a strain on our management
systems and resources. We must continue to refine and expand our business development capabilities, our systems and processes,
and our access to financing sources. As we grow, we must continue to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to:  

meet
    our capital needs;   

expand
    our systems effectively or efficiently or in a timely manner;   

allocate
    our human resources optimally   

identify
    and hire qualified employees or retain valued employees; or   

incorporate
                                         effectively the components of any business that we may acquire in our effort to achieve
                                         growth.    

If
we are unable to manage our growth, our operations and our financial results could be adversely affected by inefficiency, which
could diminish our profitability.  

Relationships
upon which we may rely are subject to change, which may diminish our ability to conduct our operations.   

To
develop our business, it will be necessary for us to establish business relationships, which may take the form of joint ventures
with private parties and contractual arrangements with other unconventional oil companies, including those that supply equipment
and other resources that we expect to use in our business. We may not be able to establish these relationships, or if established,
we may not be able to maintain them. In addition, the dynamics of our relationships with strategic partners may require us to
incur expenses or undertake activities we would not otherwise be inclined to in order to fulfill our obligations to these partners
or maintain our relationships. If our strategic relationships are not established or maintained, our business prospects may be
limited, which could diminish our ability to conduct our operations.  

An
increase in royalties payable may make our operations unprofitable.   

Any
development project of our resource assets will be directly affected by the royalty regime applicable. The economic benefit of
future capital expenditures for the project is, in many cases, dependent on a satisfactory royalty regime. There can be no assurance
that governments will not adopt a new royalty regime that will make capital expenditures uneconomic or that the royalty regime
currently in place will remain unchanged.  

Hydraulic
fracturing, the process used for releasing oil and natural gas from shale rock, has recently come under increased scrutiny and
could be the subject of further regulation that could impact the timing and cost of development .  

Recently
there has been increasing public and regulatory attention focused on the potential environmental impact of hydraulic fracturing
(or  fracking ) operations. This process, which involves the injection of water, sand and certain additives deep underground
to release natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil deposits, is part of our proposed future operations and future regulation
of these activities could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

Various
government agencies, political representatives and public interest groups have raised concerns about the potential for fracking
to lead to groundwater contamination, and various regulatory and legislative measures have been proposed or adopted at the federal,
state and local level to study or monitor related concerns, to regulate well operations and related production and waste streams,
or to ban fracking entirely. For example, various states and federal regulatory authorities require or are considering requiring
public disclosure of the chemicals contained in fracking fluids, and testing and monitoring obligations relating to well integrity
and operation. North Dakota, a state in which we conduct operations, recently amended its current regulations to require additional
pollution control equipment at well sites and enhanced emergency response procedures in addition to other measures designed to
reduce potential environmental impacts. In 2011, the EPA announced its intention to consider pre-treatment standards for produced
waters that are sent to third party wastewater treatment plants.  

In
addition, bills have been proposed in the US. Congress to allow the EPA to regulate the injection of fracking fluids under the
federal Safe Drinking Water Act, which could require hydraulic fracturing operations to meet federal permitting and financial
assurance requirements, adhere to certain construction specifications, fulfill monitoring, reporting, and recordkeeping obligations,
and meet plugging and abandonment requirements. The proposed legislation also would require the reporting and public disclosure
of chemicals used in the fracturing process, which could make it easier for third parties opposing the hydraulic fracturing process
to initiate legal proceedings based on allegations that specific chemicals used in the fracturing process could adversely affect
groundwater. In addition, in light of concerns about seismic activity being triggered by the injection of produced waters into
underground wells, certain regulators are considering additional requirements related to seismic safety. Other concerns have been
raised regarding water usage, air emissions (including greenhouse gas emissions) and waste disposal, and certain jurisdictions
have imposed moratoria on fracking operations while the potential impacts are studied. The EPA, Congress and other government
representatives continue to investigate the impacts of fracking, and additional studies and regulatory or legislative initiatives
are possible.  

Depending
on the legislation that may ultimately be enacted or the regulations that may be adopted at the federal, and/or state levels,
exploration and production activities that entail hydraulic fracturing could be subject to additional regulation and permitting
requirements. Individually or collectively, such new legislation or regulation could lead to operational delays or increased operating
costs and could result in additional burdens that could increase the costs and delay or curtail the development of conventional
and unconventional oil and natural gas resources including development of shale formations which are not commercial without the
use of hydraulic fracturing. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

Risks
Related To Our Oil   Gas Industry     

Exploration
for petroleum and gas products is inherently speculative. There can be no assurance that we will ever establish commercial discoveries.   

Exploration
for economic reserves of oil and gas is subject to a number of risk factors. Few properties that are explored are ultimately developed
into producing oil or gas wells. Some of our properties are in the exploration stage only and are without proven reserves of oil
and gas. We may not establish commercial discoveries on any of our properties.  

There
are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of conventional and unconventional oil and gas resources, including
many factors beyond our control and no assurance can be given that expected levels of resources or recovery of oil and gas will
be realized. In general, estimates of recoverable oil and gas resources are based upon a number of factors and assumptions made
as of the date on which resource estimates are determined, such as geological and engineering estimates which have inherent uncertainties
and the assumed effects of regulation by governmental agencies and estimates of future commodity prices and operating costs, all
of which may vary considerably from actual results. All such estimates are, to some degree, uncertain, and classifications of
resources are only attempts to define the degree of uncertainty involved. For these reasons, estimates of the recoverable unconventional
oil, the classification of such resources based on risk of recovery, prepared by different engineers or by the same engineers
at different times, may vary substantially.  

Prices
and markets for oil and gas are unpredictable and tend to fluctuate significantly, which could reduce profitability, growth and
the value of our proposed business .  

Our
revenues and earnings, if any, will be highly sensitive to the price of oil and gas. Prices for oil and gas are subject to large
fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil and gas, market uncertainty, and a variety
of additional factors beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation, weather conditions, the condition of the
Canadian, US. and global economies, the actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, governmental regulations,
political stability in the Middle East and elsewhere, war, or the threat of war, in oil producing regions, the foreign supply
of oil, the price of foreign imports, and the availability of alternate fuel sources. Significant changes in long-term price outlooks
for crude oil and natural gas could have a material adverse effect on us. For example, market fluctuations of oil prices may render
uneconomic the extraction of oil and gas.  

All
of these factors are beyond our control and can result in a high degree of price volatility not only in crude oil and natural
gas prices, but also fluctuating price differentials between heavy and light grades of crude oil, which can impact prices for
our crude oil. Oil and natural gas prices have fluctuated widely in recent years, and we expect continued volatility and uncertainty
in crude oil and natural gas prices. A prolonged period of low crude oil and natural gas prices could affect the value of our
crude oil and gas properties and the level of spending on growth projects, and could result in curtailment of production on some
properties. Accordingly, low crude oil prices in particular could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and liquidity
and results of operations.  

Existing
environmental regulations impose substantial operating costs which could adversely effect our business.   

Environmental
regulation affects nearly all aspects of our operations. These regulatory regimes are laws of general application that apply to
us in the same manner as they apply to other companies and enterprises in the energy industry. Conventional and unconventional
oil extraction operations present environmental risks and hazards and are subject to environmental regulation pursuant to a variety
of federal, state and county laws and regulations.  

Environmental
legislation provides for, among other things, restrictions and prohibitions on spills, releases or emissions of various substances
produced in association with oil operations. The legislation also requires that facility sites be operated, maintained, abandoned
and reclaimed to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Compliance with such legislation can require significant
expenditures and a breach may result in the imposition of fines and penalties, some of which may be material.  

We
expect future changes to environmental legislation, including anticipated legislation for air pollution and greenhouse gases that
will impose further requirements on companies operating in the energy industry. Changes in environmental regulation could have
an adverse effect on us from the standpoint of product demand, product reformulation and quality, methods of production and distribution
and costs, and financial results. For example, requirements for cleaner-burning fuels could cause additional costs to be incurred,
which may or may not be recoverable in the marketplace. The complexity and breadth of these issues make it extremely difficult
to predict their future impact on us. Management anticipates capital expenditures and operating expenses could increase in the
future as a result of the implementation of new and increasingly stringent environmental regulations.  

Abandonment
and reclamation costs are unknown and may be substantial.   

Certain
environmental regulations govern the abandonment of project properties and reclamation of lands at the end of their economic life,
the costs of which may be substantial. A breach of such regulations may result in the issuance of remedial orders, the suspension
of approvals, or the imposition of fines and penalties, including an order for cessation of operations at the site until satisfactory
remedies are made. It is not possible to estimate with certainty abandonment and reclamation costs since they will be a function
of regulatory requirements at the time.  

Changes
in the granting of governmental approvals could raise our costs and adversely affect our business.   

Permits,
leases, licenses, and approvals are required from a variety of regulatory authorities at various stages of exploration and development.
There can be no assurance that the various government permits, leases, licenses and approvals sought will be granted in respect
of our activities or, if granted, will not be cancelled or will be renewed upon expiration. There is no assurance that such permits,
leases, licenses, and approvals will not contain terms and provisions which may adversely affect our exploration and development
activities.  

Amendments
to current laws and regulations governing our proposed operations could have a material adverse impact on our proposed business.   

Our
business will be subject to substantial regulation under state and federal laws relating to the exploration for, and the development,
upgrading, marketing, pricing, taxation, and transportation of unconventional oil and related products and other matters. Amendments
to current laws and regulations governing operations and activities of conventional and unconventional oil extraction operations
could have a material adverse impact on our proposed business. In addition, there can be no assurance that income tax laws, royalty
regulations and government incentive programs related to the unconventional oil industry generally will not be changed in a manner
which may adversely affect us and cause delays, inability to complete or abandonment of properties.  

Risks
Related To The Market For Our Stock    

Trading
of our stock may be restricted by the SEC's  Penny Stock  regulations, which may limit a stockholder's ability to buy
and sell our stock.   

The
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define  penny stock  to be any equity
security that has a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements
on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and  accredited investors.  The term  accredited
investor  refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess
of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document
in a form prepared by the SEC, which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock
market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation
of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer's account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information,
must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing
before or with the customer's confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock
is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure
requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject
to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities.
We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of, our common stock.  

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, has adopted sales practice requirements which may also limit a stockholder's
ability to buy and sell our stock.   

In
addition to the  penny stock  rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior
to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer's financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for
at least some customers FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our
common stock, which may limit our ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares.  

Trading
in our common shares on the OTC is limited and sporadic making it difficult for our shareholders to sell their shares or liquidate
their investments.   

Our
common shares are currently listed for public trading on the OTC under the stock symbol  NMEX . The trading price
of our common shares has been subject to wide fluctuations. Trading prices of our common shares may fluctuate in response to a
number of factors, many of which will be beyond our control. The stock market has generally experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies with no current business
operation. There can be no assurance that trading prices and price earnings ratios previously experienced by our common shares
will be matched or maintained. These broad market and industry factors may adversely affect the market price of our common shares,
regardless of our operating performance.  

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, securities class-action litigation has
often been instituted. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs for us and a diversion of management's
attention and resources.  

We
are not likely to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.   

We
intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. We do not expect to pay any
cash dividends in the foreseeable future but will review this policy as circumstances dictate. Should we decide in the future
to do so, as a holding company, our ability to pay dividends and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt of dividends
or other payments from our operating subsidiaries. In addition, our operating subsidiaries, from time to time, may be subject
to restrictions on their ability to make distributions to us, including restrictions on the conversion of local currency into
U.S. dollars or other hard currency and other regulatory restrictions.  

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES    

Our
principal executive offices are located at 1889 FM 2088, Quitman, Texas 75783. Our mailing address is 1889 FM 2088, Quitman, Texas
75783.  

As
of July 31, 2016, we owned or had lease on the following properties:  

Coleman
County, Texas   Three well rework/re-completion Project:    

The
Company acquired a 206.5 acre lease (J.E. Richey) located in the northern part of Coleman County, Texas with four existing wells
in September 2014. Three of the four wells were fully equipped with down hole pumps, rods, tubing, pump jacks, well head and surface
equipment including tank battery, meter run and gas gathering pipelines.  

The
lease is located in a multiple pay area originally discovered by ARCO in the early 1980 s. This lease area has six known
productive formations, which are stated below with their approximate depths:  

The
Concho Richey #1 became the primary producer on this lease following the re-completion in the Gray Formation ( Gray ).
The Concho Richey #1 is located due west 660  from the Olympia Hale #1 well that has produced more than 71,000 BBLS and
over 190 MMCFG from the Gray since 1986 (approximately 30 years). In July 2015 the Companyre-completed this well in the Gray Sand.
The Gray Sand formation (3,860 ) is a clean sand with section having 34% porosity with good permeability. This well came
in with an initial production rate of 65 barrels of oil and 100 MCF of gas per day. It was averaging about 14 barrels of oil and
75 MCF of gas per day with about 10 barrels of saltwater before a hole came in the casing in June 2016. Subsequent to the end
of the fiscal year we were able to successfully conduct a cement squeeze to seal off the casing leak. The well was brought back
into production. Further work is planned on both the J.E. Richey #1   3 wells in an effort to improve production.  

Location
and Access   

The
location of the 206.5 acre J.E Richey Lease is approximately 3.5 miles west of the community of Novice, Texas located in the central
part of Coleman County which is south approximately 45 miles of the city of Abilene, Texas. Access to the lease is excellent with
good access to county roads and lease roads. The terrain is rolling hills with no abnormal location or access problems.  

Ownership
Interest   

The
Company owns 25% of the working interest in these three wells covering 60 acres and 87.5% working interest in rest of lease covering
146.5 acres.  

History
of Operations and Geology   

The
following is a summary of each of the three wells originally drilled by ARCO and the fourth well drilled by J.V. Rhyne a local
operator in the Abilene, Texas area:  

J.E.
Richey #1 Well   was completed in the Gray Sand in 1981 and came in with an initial production rate of 167 barrels and 118
MCF per day with no saltwater from the Gray Sand formation. The well is only open in the Gray and has the Upper Capps formation
up the hole for future testing.  

J.E.
Richey #2 Well   initially was completed in the Lower Ellenburger in 1982 coming it at 19 barrels per day. Following depletion
of the Lower Ellenburger the well was re-completed in the Upper Ellenburger with an initial production rate of 2,535 MCF per day.
Subsequently the well was re-completed in the Gray Sand, which came in at 45 barrels per day on a light acid job. The well only
produced for a limited amount of time from the Gray Sand when a hole came in the casing above the cement at 1100 feet caused by
a corrosive formation known as the Coleman Junction and the well was shut in.  

J.E.
Richey #3 Well   was completed in the Morris in 1982, which had an initial production rate of 2,075 MCF per day. This well
has been shut in since 2010. The well is only open in the Morris with potential to open up the Gray Sand. The Upper Capps formation
is also present up the hole to test.  

Concho
Richey #1 Well   was initially completed in the Ellenburger coming in at 1,200 MCF per day in 2005. The Ellenburger came
in strong but quickly began to produce saltwater within a few months of production. In 2006 a re-completion attempt was made up
the hole in the Tannehill formation (1700 Feet), where an oil show was recorded in the mud logs, in hopes of making a field discovery.
Due to a poor cement bond the re-completion was not successful in the Tannehill. The well was shut in awaiting further reworking
and/or re-completion in 2006.  

Callahan
County, Texas   Shallow Oil project:    

Location
and Access   

The
location of the 60 acre lease (known as the  Isenhower ) is approximately 3 miles southeast of the community of Putnam,
Texas located on the eastern side of Callahan County which is east approximately 30 miles of the city of Abilene, Texas. Access
to the lease is excellent with good access to county roads and lease roads. The terrain is rolling hills with no abnormal location
or access problems.  

Ownership
Interest   

On
July 7, 2014, our company entered into a Terms of Farm-out Agreement with Grasshoppers Unlimited Inc. to acquire a working interest
in an oil and gas lease in the Callahan County Shallow Oil Play, which has 3 fully equipped wells, 1 injection well, production
flow lines, injection flow line, Tank battery consisting of two 150 BBL tanks with separator, Injection system has a 150 BBL tank
with Injection Pump, 8 un-drilled locations. We agreed to acquire a 75% working interest in the lease including the existing wells
and equipment by committing to do the following:  

Bringing
    the existing three wells back into production (these three wells have been inactive since November 2012)   

Conducting
    a H-5 pressure test on the injection well   

Agreeing
    to drill two (2) new wells prior to August 1, 2015   

Agreeing
    to drill six (6) new wells prior to August 1, 2016   

Paying
    $25,000 in cash on or before October 1, 2014   

Issuing
    to Grasshoppers or its designee(s) 5,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock   

Enter
    into an Operating Agreement (A.A.P.L. Model Operating Form 610) with J.V. Rhyne, a licensed oil and gas operator in the State
    of Texas to operate the wells   

The
total consideration that we must pay to acquire the 75% working interest is estimated at $275,000, which amount does not include
all work requirement and drilling commitments. The common stock is valued at $0.05 per share based upon our current share price
of $0.10 as at June 30, 2014. The Net Revenue Interest is 70% and consists of approximately 60 acres, more or less, in Callahan
County, Texas. This lease has a depth limit to no more than 1,000 feet. The Company failed to meet the terms of the Farm-Out Agreement;
however subsequent to the end of the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, the Company is in negotiations to amend the Farm-Out Agreement
to allow additional time due the down-turn in the oil/gas industry.  

History
of Operations and Geology   

Initial
production was discovered to the west of the lease in the Cook/Hope Sandstone (less than 500 feet) during the mid 1950 s.
Production was first established on the lease in 1957. The most recent well drilled on the lease was in 1996. The lease has four
wells completed in the Cook Sandstone. Three of the wells are equipped to produce and one well is equipped for an injection well.
In addition to the four wells currently on the lease the initial discovery wells drilled in 1957 were plugged in the late 1980 s.
The lease has been inactive since November 2012. Recent activity on the adjoining leases has renewed the interest in placing the
wells back into production.  

The
offsetting leases on the north and west sides of the lease have had 25 new wells drilled on it within the past nine months to
complement the existing wells on those leases. This activity on the adjoining leases is part of a petroleum engineered re-pressuring
water-flood program. The target for the re-pressuring water-flood program is the Cook/Hope sandstone at less than 500 feet which
is noted to have excellent porosity and permeability.  

The
lease is poised in an excellent position to receive benefit from the re-pressuring of the Cook/Hope Sandstone by the operator
on the adjoining leases to the north and west sides of the leased acreage. This re-pressuring may significantly improve the production
rates on the lease which could have a dramatic effect on the revenues generated from the existing wells and any new wells drilled
on the lease. To complement the re-pressuring on program planned on the adjoining leases the Company s lease has its own
approved and permitted saltwater injection well that was recently tested and witnessed by a representative of the RRC.  

The
Cook/Hope Sandstone is the principle producing formation on this acreage being classed in the Callahan County Regular for its
field name. The Cook Sandstone is a shallow formation (at approximately 450 feet) with proven production with excellent porosity
and permeability. Existing wells provide sufficient well control, which provides evidence that the Cook Sandstone is present on
the acreage. Using well spacing allowed by the Texas Railroad Commission for the Cook/Hope Sandstone formation (2.5 acres per
location) would yield at least 8 additional drilling locations on the acreage. Initial production from new wells is expected to
be between 9 and 11 barrels per day per well.  

Field
    Name   Callahan County Regular   

Excellent
    Fluorescence   

Excellent
    porosity   permeability   

Longevity
    (more than 30 years)   

Approximate
    debt ranges from 440   480 feet (depending on surface elevation)   

Gravity
    of the crude is 32 degree   

Present
Conditions and Plan of Exploration   

The
lease acquired by the Company is currently not producing and has not produced since November 2012. The Company s plan is
to re-work all three of the wells to place them back into production and drill new wells during the 2016/17 fiscal year. The wells
to be re-worked are the Isenhower #1, #1B   #2B and the saltwater injection well Isenhower #9. The Company is currently in
discussions to amend the terms of the lease.  

Callahan/Eastland
Mississippi Reef Play:    

On
July 7, 2014, under the same Terms of Farm-out Agreement with Grasshoppers Unlimited Inc., we acquired a working interest in a
second oil and gas lease known as the Callahan/Eastland Mississippi Reef Play, which is located near the Callahan and Eastland
County line in Central Texas. We agreed to acquire 60% of the working interest in this lease by conducting the following:  

The
total consideration that we must pay to acquire the 60% working interest is approximately $65,000, which amount does not include
the cost of drilling and completing a well on the acreage. The common stock is valued at $0.05 based upon our current share price
of $0.10 as at June 30, 2014. The Net Revenue Interest is 75% and consists of approximately 220 acres, more or less, in Callahan
County, Texas. This lease has no depth limit requirement. The Company is currently in discussions to amend the terms of the lease.  

Jones
County, Texas   Palo Pinto Reef Project:    

Location
  Access:   

The
160 acre lease known as the Olson is located approximately 6 miles southeast of the city of Stamford, Texas that basically sits
on the county line of Jones and Haskell counties, on the north side of Jones County, Texas. Of particular importance is the location
of the Olson Lease lies approximately 1.5 miles southeast of the Strand Oil Field, a Palo Pinto Reef Oil Field. Access to the
lease is excellent with good access to county roads and lease roads. The terrain is rolling hills with no abnormal location or
access problems.  

The
Olson Lease is in an area geographically known as the Eastern Shelf of the Permian Basin. It is influenced by the Bend Arch to
the East and the South as it approaches the Llano Uplift. This area is best known for the several producing formations that are
stratigraphically and structurally used as trapping oil and gas.  

The
principal target formation for the Olson Lease is the Palo Pinto Reef. The Palo Pinto Reef is a known productive formation with
a high yield of cumulative oil production. The Strand Oil Field is a Palo Pinto Reef Oil Field, discovered in 1940, that consists
of only 8 wells that has produced a total of 1,700,000 barrels of oil, an average of 212,500 barrels of oil per oil well.  

Ownership
Interest   

During
the fiscal year the Company acquired 100% of the working interest in the oil and gas lease known as the Olson covering approximately
160 acres for $30,000 including legal, landman, lease bonus, geological mapping etc.  

History
of Operations and Geology   

The
Olson Lease is focused on the Palo Pinto formation as it primary target for drilling. The structure of the Palo Pinto shows a
large buildup in the Palo Pinto Reef across the southern portion of the lease. The Guinn #1 Olson well is 90  high to a
well 1000  to the southeast and 42  high to a well 1,150  to the northwest. The Guinn well had a show and a
tremendous buildup in the Palo Pinto Reef (at approximately 3,350 ). The structural buildup and reef buildup across the
acreage and close similarities to the Strand Field make this a very good prospect.  

The
oil wells in the Strand Oil Field lie in a northwest to southeast direction which is the same layout of the contours mapped on
top of the Palo Pinto Reef covering the Olson Lease. As previously stated the Strand Oil Field was discovered in 1940 making it
not uncommon for a number of dry holes to be drilled looking for the structural development of the Palo Pinto Reef.  

The
following is a brief geological description of the Palo Pinto Reef:  

The
Palo Pinto Reef is a Limestone Formation that was formed during the Carboniferous period, which was during the end of the Paleozoic
Era and at the beginning of the Devonian Era. Typical Palo Pinto Reef wells are known for their high rate of production and quick
payout. A known Palo Pinto Reef Field in this area is the Strand Oil Field which has produced over 1.7 million barrels of oil
from 8 wells and is located approximately 1.5 miles from the Olson lease. A new well is proposed to be drilled on the Olson lease
to test the Palo Pinto Reef.  

Index
of Oil   Gas Abbreviations   

INDEX   

ABBREVIATION   
         
       DEFINITION    
 
      BBL  
         
      Barrel
    of oil, 42 US standard gallons   
 
      MCF  
         
      Thousand
    Cubic Feet of natural Gas   
 
      MMCF  
         
      Million
    Cubic Feet of natural gas   
 
      RRC  
         
      Railroad
    Commission of Texas, regulatory authority for governing the operations of oil and gas activities   

Winnemucca
Mountain Property:    

On
September 14, 2012, our company entered into an option agreement (as amended and restated on November 15, 2012, February 1, 2013,
August 26, 2013 and July 30, 2014) with AHL Holdings Ltd., a Nevada corporation, and Golden Sands Exploration Inc., a company
incorporated under the laws of British Columbia, Canada, wherein the company acquired an option to purchase a revised 80%, in
and to certain mining claims from AHL Holdings and Golden Sands, which claims form the Winnemucca Mountain Properties in Humboldt
County, Nevada. The Winnemucca Mountain Property is currently comprised of 208 unpatented mining claims covering an area of approximately
3,800 acres. As consideration our company is required to make cash and share payments and complete work expenditures. As part
of the joint venture, we are solely responsible for financing and will act as the sole operator in consideration of a fee.  

AHL
Holdings and Golden Sands will also retain a 3% net smelter royalty in the event that we initiate mineral production on the Winnemucca
Mountain Property.  

Effective
July 30, 2014, we entered into amended and restated option agreement with AHL Holdings and Golden Sands  that
materially modifies and replaces the terms of the original option agreement (as amended last on August 26, 2013). No work was
conducted on the property during the current fiscal year. Subsequent to July 31, 2016 the Company was negotiating to amend its
option agreement with AHL Holdings and Golden Sands    

Location
and Access   

The
Winnemucca Mountain Property is located in north-western Nevada, approximately 4 miles northwest of the municipality of Winnemucca.
The property is within the Winnemucca Mountain Mining District of Humboldt County. The claims are situated on the west flank of
Winnemucca Mountain. A map showing the location of and access to the Winnemucca Mountain Property is attached below.  

The
Winnemucca Mountain Property is accessible from State Route 49, a graded gravel road from Winnemucca to Jungo. The claims that
comprise the Winnemucca Mountain Property lie in an irregular, northerly trending block along the western flanks of Winnemucca
Mountain. The mountain slopes are generally moderate along the west side of the claims, steepening on the east and in drainages.
Pediment and alluvium cover is extensive, particularly in the western, or lower, part of the property where a classic bajada is
developed. Within the claims, elevations range from approximately 4,700 feet in the southwest corner to nearly 6,600 feet in the
east. The area is devoid of trees, and vegetation consists of sagebrush and sparse grass. The climate in southern Humboldt County
is arid with annual rainfall averaging 8 inches and snowfall of 16 inches. The area is characterized by hot summers and short,
cold winters.  

Ownership
Interest   

On
September 14, 2012, our company entered into an option agreement (as amended and restated on November 15, 2012, February 1, 2013
and August 26, 2013) with AHL Holdings Ltd., a Nevada corporation, and Golden Sands Exploration Inc., a company incorporated under
the laws of British Columbia, Canada, wherein we acquired an option to purchase a revised 80% interest in and to certain mining
claims from AHL Holdings and Golden Sands, which claims form the Winnemucca Mountain Property in Humboldt County, Nevada. This
Winnemucca Mountain property is currently comprised of 208 unpatented mining claims covering an area of approximately 3,800 acres.
As consideration to earn an 80% interest, the company is required to make cash and share payments and complete work expenditures.  

If
the option is exercised, the amended and restated option agreement provides that AHL Holdings and Golden Sands will enter into
a joint venture agreement. Our company will solely be responsible for financing the joint venture and will act as sole operator
in consideration of a fee.  

AHL
Holdings and Golden Sands will also retain a 3% net smelter royalty in the event that we begin mineral production on the Winnemucca
Mountain Property. If we are unable to fulfill any of the commitments set out above, the option agreement will terminate and all
property rights will revert back to AHL Holdings and Golden Sands.  

The
aggregate cash fee payable to exercise the option has been increased from $1,715,000 to $1,755,000 and the total number of common
shares issuable to exercise the option has been increased from 100,000 to 2,100,000. Lastly, the amended and restated agreement
provides that AHL Holdings may elect to receive shares of our common stock in lieu of any cash payments payable pursuant to the
agreement at a 75% discount to the then current closing market price.   

Effective
July 30, 2014, we entered into amended and restated option agreement with AHL Holdings and Golden Sands  that
materially modifies and replaces the terms of the original option agreement (as amended last on August 26, 2013). Pursuant to
this amended and restated agreement, our remaining outstanding obligations are as follows:    

1.  
      To
    pay Golden Sands:   

2.  
      Issue
    and deliver shares to Golden Sands as follows:   

3.  
      Incur
    exploration expenses as follows:   

4.  
      Further,
    we are to:   

a.  
      prepare
    a feasibility report pertaining to the property, authored by a qualified person, reasonably acceptable to  AHL
    Holdings and Golden Sands  by December 31, 2019 (extended from December 31, 2018);   

b.  
      deliver
    to  AHL Holdings and Golden Sands  a notice of exercise of option and compliance
    certificate by December 31, 2019 (extended from December 31, 2018);   

c.  
      deliver
    to  AHL Holdings and Golden Sands  technical reports by April 30, 2016 for the
    period ended December 31, 2015 (extended from September 15, 2014 and for the period July 1, 2014); and   

d.  
      make
    the following payments to the AHL Holdings:   

As
of July 31, 2016 we have paid $142,500 in option payments, issued 1,350,000 common shares, paid an advance royalty payment of
$20,000, and advanced $21,028 for exploration expenditures as required by the amended and restated agreement. The Company is currently
in discussions to obtain an extension on the terms of the amended and restated option agreement dated July 30, 2014.  

History
of Operations   

The
discovery of the Comstock Lode in western Nevada in 1859 spurred mineral exploration throughout Nevada. Gold and silver were first
discovered in the Winnemucca Mining District in 1863 and, during the 1860 s, several smelters were constructed along the
Humboldt River. The early productive lodes consisted of quartz veins containing small amounts of variably oxidized copper and
lead.  

The
first significant gold discovery in Humboldt County was the Getchell gold deposit in 1933. The Getchell Mine began production
in 1938 and has operated intermittently since. The current owners are Barrick and Newmont, The mine was reopened in 2002 with
a resource of 7 million ounces of gold. Since discovery of the Getchell Deposit, Humboldt County has been the site of numerous
other significant gold discoveries. Major gold deposits in the area include the Lone Tree, Marigold, Preble, Pinson, Turquoise
Ridge, and Twin Creeks, all located east and northeast of Winnemucca, and the Hycroft (Crowfoot-Lewis), Sandman, Rosebud, and
Sleeper deposits to the northwest.  

On
Winnemucca Mountain itself, the Adamson mine, located in the northeast portion of section 11, reported gold production from  rich
ore  in 1911-1912 totaling $13,711 (approximately 20 kg of gold equivalent; Willden, 1964). The Pride of the Mountain mine,
which reported gold and silver production during 1915, is situated just east of the Golden West claims in the northwestern portion
of section 23. Both mines exploited gold-bearing quartz veins cutting metasedimentary rocks. Topographic maps indicate six  prospects 
and one old  mine  within the boundaries of the Golden West 8 and 10 claims. These may be mercury workings referred
to by Schnell   Hodges.  

The
upper slopes of Winnemucca Mountain contain dozens of prospects and several old mines. One of these, the Shively Mine on the north
side of Winnemucca Mountain, exploited a west-northwest striking, moderate to steeply dipping quartz-calcite vein. In 1982, St.
Joe conducted a drilling program directed at this structure. Results of their drilling included 90 feet of 0.34 g/t Au in DH1
and 30 feet of 0.69 g/t Au in DH2.  

The
earliest available record of exploration within the present Winnemucca Mountain property claim area is an undated map by St. Joe
American Corporation that describes rock sampling over much of the claim block and soil sampling across the Golden West 6 to 13
claim area. This work was most likely done in conjunction with work in the Shively Mine area during 1982. The same map indicates
that Cordilleran Exploration (Cordex) drilled seven drill holes, also on the Golden West 6 to 13 claims. However, an undated compilation
map by Santa Fe places these Cordex drill holes (holes WV1   7, WV11 and WV16   18) over 4,900 feet to the east of
the Golden West claims. The true location of these holes is therefore uncertain and should not be relied upon. Metzler reports
that the Cordex holes were drilled in 1972; in addition, 700 feet of trenching was completed and over 3,300 feet of existing underground
workings were mapped and sampled and the construction of drill access roads were completed. A map dated October 1982 indicates
that induced polarization, magnetic, and VLF electromagnetic surveys were performed on the property. Details of work done by St.
Joe and Cordex are not available.  

The
next record of exploration is by Arctic Precious Metals Inc. in 1985. Work over the next few years included rock sampling by Arctic
and Tenneco Minerals in 1986, with geological mapping by Arctic in 1986 in the northern claim area. During 1987, Arctic drilled
1,916 feet in 5 reverse circulation drill holes. Results were encouraging with hole WM 5 intersecting a 5 feet interval of 1,050
ppb gold. The next year, Arctic conducted detailed rock sampling and VLF-EM and magnetic surveys over a breccia pipe target area,
followed by 7 diamond drill holes for a total of 2,100 feet. Drill hole WM 7 intersected up to 1,950 ppb gold over 5 feet and
WM 13 cut two large intervals (145 feet and 181 feet) of elevated gold in a breccia (164 ppb and 147 ppb respectively; SFPM data).  

In
late 1988, Santa Fe Pacific Mining, Inc. (now Newmont) entered into a joint venture with Arctic after recognizing the significance
of anomalous gold in the breccia pipe identified by the Arctic drilling. Santa Fe became operator and, between 1988 and 1990,
conducted geological mapping, rock sampling, trenching, CSAMT and induced polarization geophysical surveys, collected 286 auger
hole bedrock samples, and completed a total of 52,470.8 feet in 73 reverse circulation drill holes. Three of these drill holes
were re-entered with a diamond drill. The total diamond drill footage is uncertain but is in excess of 477 feet. Not all of Santa
Fe s drilling was within the boundaries of the current claim block. Santa Fe s work outlined the Swordfish occurrence
that extends approximately 2,200 feet along the western flank of Winnemucca Mountain within the current claim block.  

In
1994, Anvil Resources of Vancouver, B.C., acquired the property and became the project operator. Anvil did a great deal of internal
compilation work, prepared a topographic base map and collected surface samples to confirm previous gold tenors. They performed
test assaying to determine optimum analytical procedures for coarse gold samples and milling tests on bulk samples to maximize
gold liberation. An induced polarization (IP) survey conducted in 1996 confirmed that resistivity highs correlated well with known
mineralized areas and delineated two new target zones.    

In
2006-2007 Meridian Minerals Corp. acquired an option on the property from Evolving Gold Corp. Meridian conducted two separate
drilling programs on the property. Twelve angled holes were drilled, totaling 7473 feet. In 2007 four additional angled holes
were subsequently drilled totaling 2,659 feet. This drilling, targeted northwest and northeast striking veins to the northeast
of the Swordfish Zone, and a further 3 holes targeted a vein system in the very north of the Property This drilling intersected
lower grade mineralization than the moderate to high grade intercepts in the Swordfish Zone.  

Santa
Fe Pacific Gold Corp. utilized a computer program called Geostat to calculate a cross-sectional resource estimate for the Swordfish
zone area. Santa Fe estimated that the Swordfish zone contained 4.15 million metric tons grading 0.82 g/t gold (4.58 million short
tons grading 0.028 opt gold) at a 0.29 g/t cutoff (0.01 opt cutoff). All resource calculations were based on arithmetic averages.
This estimated resource occurs in an area 2,200 feet long and 700 feet deep.  

In
March 2013 the Company contracted consultants to study the mineralization and known resources on the Winnemucca Mountain Property.
Company consultants completed mapping and geochemical sampling of the 3000 feet long Swordfish zone on the Property. Using this
surface work along with historical drill results, 3D modeling of the gold/silver mineralization was completed. Based on the results
of the initial work, Company consultants have recommended further exploration on the property including geophysics, core and reverse
circulation (RC) drilling.  

Geology   

Regional
Geology    Nevada lies within the Basin and Range geological province. The geologic structure of this province is the
result of repeated interactions between the North American Plate and oceanic plates to the west which are expressed as folds,
thrust faults, strike slip faults, normal faults, igneous intrusions, volcanism, metamorphism and sedimentary basins. Every mountain
range in the Basin and Range province is bounded on at least one side by a normal fault, many of which are still active. The area s
highly complex and active tectonic history has created a diversity of depositional environments, deep-seated structures, hydrothermal
centers and numerous mineral deposits.  

Humboldt
County is underlain by rocks ranging in age from probable early Cambrian to late Miocene or early Pliocene. In general, the oldest
rocks are in the southeastern portion of the county with younger rocks to the north and west, however, late Tertiary volcanic
and sedimentary rocks are randomly distributed throughout the county. Five orogenic episodes have been recognized but structural
and lithologic elements are not continuous between mountain ranges. The most important of the orogenic episodes in Nevada is the
Antler Orogeny, the late Devonian collision of an arc terrane complex with the western margin of North America. The arc material
(allochthon) was thrust over cratonic carbonates along the Roberts Mountain thrust fault. Mountain building accompanied the Antler
Orogeny, resulting in a high mountain range to the west. In addition to the folding and low-angle faulting associated with orogenic
compression and mountain building, high-angle reverse and strike-slip faulting were widespread, forming important wrench fault
systems. These high-angle faults were crucial in localizing the fluid flow responsible for gold deposition.  

Mineral
deposits have been found in all rock units exposed in the county. At least three periods of epigenetic ore mineral deposition
have been recognized. The oldest are the iron deposits in the Jackson Mountains. Contact metamorphic tungsten and vein deposits
belong to the second period, developed in conjunction with the emplacement of Cretaceous and Tertiary intrusive rocks. The third,
late Tertiary, depositional episode includes mercury, uranium and gold-silver deposits, including the Getchell and Sleeper gold
deposits. Most Tertiary mineral deposits in northern Nevada are distributed linearly as a result of deep crustal controls including
the Carlin and Battle Mountain trends.  

Current
gold producers in Humboldt County include the Getchell, Hycroft, Marigold, Lone Tree, and Twin Creeks mines.  

Property
Geology - The general geology of Winnemucca Mountain is shown on two publicly available maps. The oldest unit exposed on Winnemucca
Mountain is the Upper Triassic Winnemucca Formation that underlies the upper elevations. These rocks are gray to brown calcareous
shale; buff and gray, thin-bedded to massive carbonate rocks, buff to light brownish-gray calcareous sandstone, gray and brown
shale and slate and some light brown feldspathic quartzite.  

A
younger, unnamed quartzite-mudstone formation is faulted against the Winnemucca Formation on the northwest side of Winnemucca
Mountain by a normal fault of uncertain displacement. This unit consists of light brown or buff, thin to thick bedded, fine-grained,
feldspathic quartzite which usually weathers dark brown; buff to light brown, medium bedded mudstone; and small amounts of light
brown phyllitic shale.  

The
sedimentary rocks are cut by several small intrusive bodies. The largest is a Jurassic-Cretaceous stock which intrudes Winnemucca
Formation rocks on the southern side of Winnemucca Mountain, measuring approximately 6,600 by 9,075 feet. The intrusive contains
no quartz but, in general, contains more plagioclase than mafic minerals so is compositionally a diorite. A small body of Tertiary
volcanic rocks has been identified on the west side of Winnemucca Mountain.  

Tertiary
basalt and andesite unconformably overlie the older units on the north side of the mountain. These also include more silicic volcanic
and sedimentary rocks.  

An
east-northeast trending breccia body measuring 1,320 by 5,000 feet in Triassic sedimentary rocks was mapped on the west side of
Winnemucca Mountain. The diatreme, containing gold mineralization now known as the Swordfish zone, is described by Metzler (1994)
as an ellipsoid plug of brecciated, silicic dacite and rhyolite with sharp contacts. The breccia contains angular clasts of the
older siltstone and granodiorite and is considered to be a Tertiary diatreme.  

Three
directions of major faulting are apparent, each of which appear confined to a particular area of Winnemucca Mountain. In the northern
portion of the mountain are three parallel northeast trending faults, situated approximately 2,800 feet apart. Movement on these
faults is primarily dip-slip although some minor strike-slip movement was also noted. On the southern flank of the mountain are
two parallel north-northeast trending faults 5,000 feet apart. Northerly and northeasterly oriented faults dominate the central
part of Winnemucca Mountain. Santa Fe geologists believed that the topography of Winnemucca Mountain was in part controlled by
extensional range-front faults and the dominant structural trend, especially with respect to mineralizing events, is northeast.  

Present
Conditions and Plan of Exploration   

Though
there is a significant amount of historical exploration on the Winnemucca Mountain Property, none of the previous owners have
established any substantial operations on the property. Further, the data set from past exploration is not complete. In March
2013 the Company contracted consultants to study the mineralization and known resources on the Winnemucca Mountain Property. Company
consultants completed mapping and geochemical sampling of the 3,000 feet long Swordfish zone on the Property. Using this surface
work along with available historical drill results data, 3D modeling of the gold/silver mineralization was completed. Based on
the results of the initial work, Company consultants have recommended further exploration on the property including geophysics,
core and reverse circulation (RC) drilling. Subject to available funds the Company plans further exploration of the property as
recommended by the company consultants.  

TERM   
         
       DEFINITION    
 
      Aplite  
         
      a
    light-colored fine-grained igneous rock   
 
      Basalt  
         
      basalt
    is a dark gray to black, dense to finely grained igneous rock that is the result of lava eruptions.  Basalt flows
    are noneruptive, voluminous, and characterized by relatively low viscosity.   
 
      Breccias  
         
      a
    coarse-grained sedimentary rock made of sharp fragments of rock and stone cemented together by finer material. Breccia is
    produced by volcanic activity or erosion, including frost shattering.   
 
      Biotite  
         
      a
    black, dark brown, or green silicate mineral of the mica group.   
 
      Equigranular  
         
      a
    material composed chiefly of crystals of similar orders of magnitude to one another.   
 
      Hornfels  
         
      (a) a
    fine-grained metamorphic rock composed of silicate minerals and formed through the action of heat and pressure on shale.   
 
      Igneous  
         
      (b) describes
    rock formed under conditions of intense heat or produced by the solidification of volcanic magma on or below the Earth's surface.   
 
      Lithologic  
         
      (c) the
    gross physical character of a rock or rock formation   
 
      Monzonite  
         
      a
    visibly crystalline, granular igneous rock composed chiefly of equal amounts of two feldspar minerals, plagioclase and orthoclase,
    and small amounts of a variety of colored minerals.   
 
      Plutonic  
         
      a
    mass of intrusive igneous rock that has solidified underground by the crystallization of magma.   
 
      Quartz  
         
      a
    common, hard, usually colorless, transparent crystalline mineral with colored varieties. Use: electronics, gems.   
 
      Silica  
         
      silicon
    dioxide found naturally in various crystalline and amorphous forms, e.g. quartz, opal, sand, flint, and agate. Use: manufacture
    of glass, abrasives, concrete.   

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

We
know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding
or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial
shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our company.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

Not
applicable.  

PART
II   

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES    

MARKET
INFORMATION   

Our
shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter ( OTC ) under the symbol  NMEX . The OTC is a regulated quotation
service that displays real-time quotes, last sale prices and volume information in over-the counter securities. To be eligible
for quotations on the OTC issuers must remain current in their filings with the SEC or applicable regulatory authority. Securities
quoted on the OTC that become delinquent in their required filings will be removed following a grace period, if they do not make
their required filing in that time. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to have the funds required to remain in compliance
with our reporting obligations. There has been no active trading of our securities and therefore no high and low bid pricing.  

The
following table sets forth, for the quarterly periods indicated, the range of high and low bid prices of our common stock as reported
on the OTC since our stock became actively traded. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.  

DIVIDENDS   

There
are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes,
however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend:  

1.    We
                                         would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business;
                                         or    

2.    Our
                                         total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that
                                         would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior
                                         to those receiving the distribution.    

On
July 15, 2009, we effected a forward split of our common stock, by way of a dividend pursuant to which each shareholder of record
on June 29, 2009 received ten shares of our post-split common stock in exchange for each share of pre-split common stock.  

On
August 13, 2013, we effected a reverse split of our common stock on a 10 old for 1 new basis, such that our issued and outstanding
shares of common stock decreased from 50,444,842 share of common stock (at July 12, 2013) to 5,044,484 shares of common stock
with a par value of $0.001.  

Any
decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors. We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings
for the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our
board of directors has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends, subject to the approval of our stockholders. Even if our
board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings,
capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the board of directors
may deem relevant.  

HOLDERS   

As
of November 30, 2016, there were approximately 47 shareholders of record of our common stock. This number does not include shares
held by brokerage clearing houses depositories or others in unregistered form.  

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS   

As
of November 30, 2016, we do not have in effect any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance
and we do not have any outstanding stock options.  

UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

Effective
July 30, 2014, we issued 1,250,000 shares of our common stock to Golden Sands in reliance on the exemption provided in Rule 506
of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on the basis that Golden Sands represented to our company that it is
an  accredited investor  as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.   

Private
Placement of Units    

Effective
August 18, 2015, 500,000 shares of restricted common stock at a price of $0.05 per unit ($25,000 in the aggregate) were issued
as part of the compensatory terms of the mineral rights option agreement entered into by the Company.  

Effective
October 6, 2015, we issued 100,000 units at a price of $0.05 per unit ($5,000 in the aggregate) to 1 investor. All 100,000 units
were issued to 1 U.S. person in reliance on the exemption from registration provided for under Rule 506 of Regulation D, promulgated
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

Effective
October 6, 2015, we issued 400,000 units at a price of $0.06 per unit ($24,000 in the aggregate) to 1 investor. All 400,000 units
were issued to 1 non-US person in an offshore transaction relying on Regulation S and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended.  

Effective
January 2, 2016 we issued 100,000 units at a price of $0.04 per unit ($4,000 in the aggregate) to 1 investor. Each unit consists
of 1 share of our common stock and one half share purchase warrant with each full warrant exercisable for a period of 12 months
to purchase one common share at the price of $0.10. All 100,000 units were issued to 1 U.S. person in reliance on the exemption
from registration provided for under Rule 506 of Regulation D, promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.  

Effective
January 15, 2016, we issued 1,250,000 units at a price of $0.275 per unit ($34,375 in the aggregate) to 1 investor. Each unit
consists of 1 share of our common stock and one half share purchase warrant with each full warrant exercisable for a period of
12 months to purchase one common share at the price of $0.10. All 1,250,000 units were issued to 1 U.S. person in reliance on
the exemption from registration provided for under Rule 506 of Regulation D, promulgated under the United States Securities Act
of 1933, as amended.  

Effective
June 1, 2016, we issued 333,334 units at a price of $0.03 per unit ($10,000 in the aggregate) to 1 investor. Each unit consists
of 1 share of our common stock and one half share purchase warrant with each full warrant exercisable for a period of 12 months
to purchase one common share at the price of $0.10. All 333,334 units were issued to 1 U.S. person in reliance on the exemption
from registration provided for under Rule 506 of Regulation D, promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as
amended.  

Effective
June 1, 2016, we issued 7,000,000 units at a price of $0.014 per unit ($98,000 in the aggregate) to 3 investors. Each unit consists
of 1 share of common stock. 2,000,000 share purchase warrants were also issued with each full warrant exercisable for a period
of 12 months to purchase one common share at the price of $0.10. All 7,000,000 units were issued to 3 U.S. persons in reliance
on the exemption from registration provided for under Rule 506 of Regulation D, promulgated under the United States Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.  

Other
than as disclosed above, we did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year
ended July 31, 2016 that were not otherwise disclosed on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or our current reports on Form 8-K
filed during the year ended July 31, 2016.  

ISSUER
REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

On
November 1, 2014 we cancelled 100,000 units of common stock issued at $0.05 per unit.  

STOCK
OPTION GRANTS   

To
date, we have not granted any stock options.  

REPORTS
TO SECURITY HOLDERS   

We
intend to furnish our shareholders with annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent auditors and
to make available quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three quarters of each year.  

The
public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington,
D.C. 20549.  The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.  The
SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers
that file electronically with the SEC.  The address of that site is  www.sec.gov .  

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    

As
a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.  

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

Introduction   

The
following discussion and analysis compares our results of operations for the year ended July 31, 2016 to the same period in 2015. This
discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere
in this annual report for the year ended July 31, 2016. This annual report contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect
our plans, estimates and beliefs, and our actual operation results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward
looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in
this annual report, particularly in the section entitled  Risk Factors  beginning on page 10 of this annual report.  

Forward-Looking
Statements    

This
report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  forward-looking
statements  for purposes of these provisions, including any projections of earnings, revenues, or other financial items;
any statements of the plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operation; any statements concerning proposed
new products, services, or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; statements of belief;
and any statement of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Such forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks
and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements.  

These
forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the following: competition,
promotional costs and the risk of declining revenues. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such
forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this
filing, and we assume no obligation to update such forward-looking statements. The following discusses our financial condition
and results of operations based upon our unaudited financial statements which have been prepared in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. It should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes
thereto included elsewhere herein.  

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United
States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.  

Our
financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles.  

In
this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States Dollars (US$) and all references
to  common shares  refer to the common shares in our capital stock.  

As
used in this quarterly report, the terms  we ,  us ,  our  and  our company  mean
Northern Minerals   Exploration Ltd. formerly known as Punchline Resources Ltd., unless otherwise indicated.  

General
Overview    

We
were incorporated on December 11, 2006 under the laws of the State of Nevada.  

We
were originally a company involved in the placing of strength testing amusement gaming machines called Boxers in venues such as
bars, pubs and nightclubs in the Seattle area, in the State of Washington. We acquired one Boxer that had been placed in Lynwood,
Washington. However, the machine was de-commissioned as it needed material repairs. We were not able to secure sufficient capital
for these repairs and our management decided to change our business focus to mineral exploration.  

Results
of Operations    

The
following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for the year ended
July 31, 2016, which are included herein.  

Our
operating results for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows:  

For
the year ended July 31, 2016, we had a net loss of $185,150 as compared to the net loss of $306,928 for the year ended July 31,
2015. Our net loss was much higher in the prior year ended July 31, 2015 primarily due to ramp up of operations in our mineral
property business without earning any revenues. Our accumulated deficit to July 31, 2016 was $1,002,485.  

Revenue   

We
began earning revenues in Q1 2016. For the year ended July 31, 2016, we had Revenue of $14,301 as compared to Revenue of $Nil
for the prior year ended July 31, 2015.  

Liquidity
and Financial Condition    

Working
Capital   

Our
total current assets as of July 31, 2016 were $7,789 as compared to total current assets of $4,720 as of July 31, 2015. The increase
was primarily due to receipt of cash for our revenues. Our total current liabilities as of July 31, 2016 were $481,978 as compared
to total current liabilities of $466,790 as of July 31, 2015. The increase in current liabilities was attributed to corresponding
increase of accounts payable and other advances with increased operations.  

Cash
Flows   

Operating
Activities   

Cash
used by operating activities went from $359,980 for the year ended July 31, 2015 to cash used of $173,961 for the year ended July
31, 2016 due to oil and gas revenues earned in the current year and less incurred for mining expenses due to management s
focus on oil and gas activities in the current year.  

Investing
Activities   

Cash
from investing activities decreased from $64,750 for the year ended July 31, 2015 to cash used for investing activities of $2,344
for the year ended July 31, 2016 due to sale of further mineral rights and properties and stock issued to pay down property option
payable offset by payments made for oil and gas properties.  

Financing
Activities    

Cash
provided by financing activities was $179,374 for the year ended July 31, 2016 and $262,000 for the year ended July 31, 2015 due
to proceeds of convertible debt in the prior year.  

We
will require additional funds to fund our budgeted expenses over the next twelve months. These funds may be raised through equity
financing, debt financing, or other sources, which may result in further dilution in the equity ownership of our shares. There
is still no assurance that we will be able to maintain operations at a level sufficient for an investor to obtain a return on
his investment in our common stock. Further, we may continue to be unprofitable. We need to raise additional funds in the immediate
future in order to proceed with our budgeted expenses.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to stockholders.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue,
and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting policies. We believe
that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with the following aspects of our financial
statements is critical to an understanding of our financial statements.  

Basis
of Presentation   

The
accounting and reporting policies of our company conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (US GAAP).  

Use
of Estimates and Assumptions   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

Cash
and cash equivalents include cash in banks, money market funds, and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than
three months from inception, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are
subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value. As at July 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $5,239 (July 31, 2015
- $2,170).  

Long
Lived Assets   

Property
consists of mineral rights purchases as stipulated by underlying agreements and payments made for oil and gas exploration rights.
Our company assesses the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value may not be recoverable. When we determine that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable based upon
the existence of one or more indicators of impairment and the carrying value of the asset cannot be recovered from projected undiscounted
cash flows, we record an impairment charge. Our company measures any impairment based on a projected discounted cash flow method
using a discount rate determined by management to be commensurate with the risk inherent in the current business model. Significant
management judgment is required in determining whether an indicator of impairment exists and in projecting cash flows.  

Mineral
Property Acquisition and Exploration Costs   

Mineral
property acquisition and exploration costs are expensed as incurred until such time as economic reserves are quantified. Cost
of lease, exploration, carrying and retaining unproven mineral lease properties are expensed as incurred. We have chosen to expense
all mineral exploration costs as incurred given that it is still in the exploration stage. Once our company has identified proven
and probable reserves in its investigation of its properties and upon development of a plan for operating a mine, it would enter
the development stage and capitalize future costs until production is established. When a property reaches the production stage,
the related capitalized costs will be amortized over the estimated life of the probable-proven reserves. When our company has
capitalized mineral properties, these properties will be periodically assessed for impairment of value and any diminution in value.
To date, our company has not established the commercial feasibility of any exploration prospects; therefore, all costs are to
be expensed.  

Financial
Instruments and Risk Concentrations    

Our
company s financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, loan receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities,
notes payable and convertible loan. Unless otherwise indicated, the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities approximate
their recorded values due to their short terms to maturity. Our company determines the fair value of our long-term financial instruments
based on quoted market values or discounted cash flow analyses.  

Financial
instruments that may potentially subject our company to concentrations of credit risk comprise primarily cash and cash equivalents
and accounts receivable. Cash and cash equivalents comprise deposits with major commercial banks and/or checking account balances.
With respect to accounts receivable, our company performs periodic credit evaluations of the financial condition of our customers
and typically does not require collateral from them. Allowances are maintained for potential credit losses consistent with the
credit risk of specific customers and other information. Unless otherwise noted, it is management's opinion that our company is
not exposed to significant interest or currency risks in respect of our financial instruments.  

Income
Taxes   

Our
company accounts for our income taxes in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes , which requires recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized
in operations in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in
the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

Basic
and Diluted Loss Per Share   

Our
company reports earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings per Share.  Basic earnings (loss) per
share is computed by dividing income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares available.
Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed similar to basic earnings (loss) per share except that the denominator is increased
to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
and if the additional common shares were dilutive.  

Our
company has no potential dilutive instruments and accordingly, basic loss and diluted share loss per share are equal.  

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this Item.  

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA     

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

JULY
31, 2016 AND 2015   

FORMING
A PART OF ANNUAL REPORT   

   PURSUANT
TO THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

NORTHERN
MINERALS   EXPLORATION LTD.   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
Northern Minerals   Exploration Ltd.  

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Northern Minerals   Exploration Ltd. as of July 31, 2016, and the related statements
of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the year ended July 31, 2016. Northern Minerals   Exploration Ltd. s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audit.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Northern
Minerals   Exploration Ltd. as of July 31, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended July
31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the company has an accumulated deficit of $1,002,485 and intends to fund future operations through
equity financing arrangements. These factors raise substantial doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Fruci
  Associates II, PLLC  

  Spokane, Washington  

  November 30, 2016  

NORTHERN
MINERALS   EXPLORATION LTD.   

     BALANCE
SHEETS   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.   

NORTHERN
MINERALS   EXPLORATION LTD.   

     STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS   

   FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2016 AND 2015   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.   

NORTHERN
MINERALS   EXPLORATION LTD.   

     STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

   FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2016 AND 2015   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.   

NORTHERN
MINERALS   EXPLORATION LTD.   

     STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS   

   FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2016 AND 2015   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.   

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

     Notes
to Financial Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

1.
ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS   

Northern
Minerals   Exploration Ltd. (the  Company ) is an emerging natural resource company operating in oil and gas production
in central Texas and exploration for gold and silver in northern Nevada.  

The
Company was incorporated in Nevada on December 11, 2006 under the name Punchline Entertainment, Inc. On August 22, 2012, the Company s
board of directors approved an agreement and plan of merger to effect a name change of the Company from Punchline Entertainment,
Inc. to Punchline Resources Ltd. On July 12, 2013, the stockholders approved an amendment to change the name of the Company from
Punchline Resources Ltd. to Northern Mineral   Exploration Ltd. FINRA approved the name change on August 13, 2013.  

On
April 24, 2014, the previous Chief Executive Officer and Director, Ramzan Savji, resigned and Howard Siegel was appointed as the
new Company President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director. On March 16, 2015, Ivan Webb
was appointed as Vice President and Director.  

The
Company is working on the following projects:  

Coleman
County, Texas   Three well rework/recompletion project   

  On
October 14, 2014, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire a 75% working interest in the J.E. Richey lease. This lease
area has six known productive formations. The existing three wells on the lease are fully equipped. There is spacing available
for new drilling of two or more wells. Beginning in May 2015 the Company started conducting operations on the three wells to place
them back into production. The rework/re-completion was completed on July 28, 2015 and production of oil and gas was established.
On March 20, 2015, the Company sold a 37.5% working interest in the three wells.  

Callahan
County, Texas   Shallow Oil project   

  On
July 7, 2014, the Company acquired a 75% working interest in the Isenhower lease. The Isenhower lease has three fully equipped
wells completed in the Cook Sandstone at approximately 500 feet. The lease also has one approved water injection well and eight
potential undrilled locations. The Company s plan is to rework all three of the wells to place them back into production
and drill new wells to fully develop the acreage. No work was conducted during the fiscal year. Terms are being negotiated for
addition time to perform the terms of the agreement. As of the date of this report, no definitive terms have been reached.  

Callahan
County, Texas   Mississippi Reef project   

  On
July 7, 2014, the Company acquired a 60% working interest in the J. Morgan lease. The J. Morgan lease is located in an area with
multiple formations that are known to be oil and gas productive. No work was conducted during the fiscal year. Terms are being
negotiated for addition time to perform the terms of the agreement. As of the date of this report, no definitive terms have been
reached.  

Jones
County, Texas   Palo Pinto Reef project   

  During
the fiscal year the Company acquired the Olson lease covering 160 acres in Jones County, Texas. This lease is 1.5  miles
from the Strand Palo Pinto Reef Field which was discovered in 1940 and has produced 1,700,000 barrels of oil from 8 wells or 212,500
barrels of oil per well. The structure map on the Palo Pinto shows a large buildup in the Palo Pinto Reef across the southern
portion of the lease. The Guinn #1 Olson well is 90  high to a well 1000  to the southeast and 42  high to a
well 1,150  to the northwest. The Guinn well had a show and a tremendous buildup in the Palo Pinto Reef. The structural
buildup and reef buildup across the acreage and close similarities to the Strand Field make this a very good prospect.  

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

   Notes to Financial
Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

1.
ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS    Continued    

Winnemucca
Mountain Gold Property, Nevada   

  On
September 14, 2012, the Company entered into an option agreement (as amended and restated on November 15, 2012, February 1, 2013
and August 26, 2013) with AHL Holdings Ltd., a Nevada corporation, and Golden Sands Exploration Inc., a company incorporated under
the laws of British Columbia, Canada, wherein the Company acquired an option to purchase a revised 80% interest in and to certain
mining claims from AHL Holdings and Golden Sands, which claims form the Winnemucca Mountain Property in Humboldt County, Nevada.
This Winnemucca Mountain property is currently comprised of 208 unpatented mining claims covering an area of approximately 3,800
acres.  

The
aggregate cash fee payable to exercise the option has been increased from $1,715,000 to $1,755,000 and the total number of common
shares issuable to exercise the option has been increased from 100,000 to 2,100,000. Lastly, the amended and restated agreement
provides that AHL Holdings may elect to receive shares of the Company s common stock in lieu of any cash payments payable
pursuant to the agreement at a 75% discount to the then current closing market price.   

Effective
July 30, 2014, the Company entered into amended and restated option agreement with AHL Holdings and Golden Sands  that
materially modifies and replaces the terms of the original option agreement (as amended last on August 26, 2013). No work was
conducted on the property during the current fiscal year. Subsequent to July 31, 2016 the Company was negotiating to amend its
option agreement with AHL Holdings and Golden Sands.   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for financial
information and the instructions for Form 10-K. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring
adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  

Going
Concern and Liquidity Considerations   

The
accompanying financial statements are prepared and presented on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly, they do not include any adjustments relating
to the realization of the carrying value of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Since inception to date, the Company has an accumulated deficit of $1,002,485.
The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures,
working capital and other cash requirements for the next twelve months ending July 31, 2017.  

These
factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

2.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

a)    Basis
                                         of Presentation  

The
accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (US GAAP).  

b)    Fiscal
                                         Periods  

The
Company s fiscal year end is July 31.  

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

   Notes to Financial
Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

2.
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    Continued    

c)    Use
                                         of Estimates  

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.  

d)    Cash
                                         and Cash Equivalents  

Cash
and cash equivalents include cash in banks, money market funds, and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than
three months from inception, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are
subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value. As at July 31, 2016, cash and cash equivalents of $5,239 (July 31, 2015 - $2,170)
was held as bank balance.  

e)  
      Long
    Lived Assets   

Property
consists of mineral rights purchases as stipulated by underlying agreements and payments made for oil and gas exploration rights.
Our company assesses the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value may not be recoverable. When we determine that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable based upon
the existence of one or more indicators of impairment and the carrying value of the asset cannot be recovered from projected undiscounted
cash flows, we record an impairment charge. Our company measures any impairment based on a projected discounted cash flow method
using a discount rate determined by management to be commensurate with the risk inherent in the current business model. Significant
management judgment is required in determining whether an indicator of impairment exists and in projecting cash flows.  

f)    Mineral
                                         Property Acquisition and Exploration Costs  

Mineral
property acquisition and exploration costs are expensed as incurred until such time as economic reserves are quantified. Cost
of lease, exploration, carrying and retaining unproven mineral lease properties are expensed as incurred. We have chosen to expense
all mineral exploration costs as incurred given that it is still in the exploration stage. Once our company has identified proven
and probable reserves in its investigation of its properties and upon development of a plan for operating a mine, it would enter
the development stage and capitalize future costs until production is established. When a property reaches the production stage,
the related capitalized costs will be amortized over the estimated life of the probable-proven reserves. When our company has
capitalized mineral properties, these properties will be periodically assessed for impairment of value and any diminution in value.
To date, our company has not established the commercial feasibility of any exploration prospects; therefore, all costs are to
be expensed.  

g)    Oil
                                         and Gas Properties  

The
Company applies the successful efforts method of accounting for oil and gas properties. The Company capitalizes asset acquisition
costs of mineral rights and leases. Unproved oil and gas properties are periodically assessed to determine whether they have been
impaired, and any impairment in value is charged to expense. The costs of proved properties will be depleted on an equivalent
unit-of-production basis in which total proved reserves will be the base used to calculate depletion.  

h)    Fair
                                         Value Measurement  

The
Company follows FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ( ASC 820 ), which clarifies fair value as an exit price, establishes
a hierarchal disclosure framework for measuring fair value, and requires extended disclosures about fair value measurements. The
provisions of ASC 820 apply to all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value.  

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

   Notes to Financial
Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

2.      SIGNIFICANT
                                         ACCOUNTING POLICIES    Continued    

As
defined in ASC 820, fair value, clarified as an exit price, represents the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As a result, fair value is a market-based approach
that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability.  

As
a basis for considering these assumptions, ASC 820 defines a three-tier value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in the
valuation methodologies in measuring fair value.   

Level
1: Observable market inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;  

Level
2: Observable market inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly;
and  

Level
3: Unobservable inputs where there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.  

i)    Financial
                                         Instruments and Risk Concentrations  

The
Company s financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, loan receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities,
notes payable and convertible loan. Unless otherwise indicated, the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities approximate
their recorded values due to their short terms to maturity. The Company determines the fair value of its long-term financial instruments
based on quoted market values or discounted cash flow analyses.  

Financial
instruments that may potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit  risk comprise primarily cash and cash equivalents
and accounts receivable. Cash and cash  equivalents comprise deposits with major commercial banks and/or checking account  balances.
With respect to accounts receivable, the Company performs periodic credit  evaluations of the financial condition of its customers
and typically does not require collateral  from them. Allowances are maintained for potential credit losses consistent with
the credit  risk of specific customers and other information. Unless otherwise noted, it is management's    opinion
that the Company is not exposed to significant interest or currency risks in respect of  its financial instruments.  

j)    Income
                                         Taxes  

The
Company accounts for its income taxes in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes ,  which requires recognition of
deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences  attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets  and liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred
tax assets  and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the  years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect  on deferred tax assets and liabilities of
a change in tax rates is recognized in operations in the  period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are
reduced by a valuation  allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax  assets
will not be realized.  

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

   Notes to Financial
Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

2.      SIGNIFICANT
                                         ACCOUNTING POLICIES    Continued    

k)  
      Basic
    and Diluted (Loss) per Share   

The
Company reports earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings per  Share.  Basic earnings (loss)
per share is computed by dividing income (loss) available to  common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares available. Diluted  earnings (loss) per share is computed similar to basic earnings (loss) per share except that the
 denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have  been outstanding if the potential
common shares had been issued and if the additional  common shares were dilutive. The Company has no potential dilutive instruments
and  accordingly, basic loss and diluted share loss per share are equal.  

l)    Recently
                                         Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or FASB or other standard setting
bodies and adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed below, the Company believes that
the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or
results of operations upon adoption.  

In
August 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  (ASU 2014-15). ASU 2014-15 requires management to evaluate whether there is substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so,
companies will have reduced diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures compared to footnote disclosures under
today s guidance. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2016 with early adoption permitted. The
Company does not believe the impact of adopting ASU 2014-15 on its financial statements will be significant.  

In
May 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (ASU
2014-09) to provide guidance on revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 requires a company to recognize revenue when it transfers
promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under
today s guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable
consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation.
In August 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-14, which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. ASU 2014-09
is effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2018. ASU 2014-09, as amended by ASU 2015-14, is effective for the Company
in the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years with early adoption permitted
up to the first quarter of 2017. Upon adoption, ASU 2014-09 can be applied retrospectively to all periods presented or only to
the most current period presented with the cumulative effect of changes reflected in the opening balance of retained earnings
in the most current period presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2014-09 on its financial
statements. The Company does not believe the impact of adopting ASU 2014-09 will be significant.  

In
April 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03,  Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30):
Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  (ASU 2015-03). ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to
a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability,
consistent with debt discounts. ASU 2015-03 is effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2016 with early adoption permitted.
The Company does not believe the impact of adopting ASU 2015-03 on its financial statements will be significant.  

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

   Notes to Financial
Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

2.      SIGNIFICANT
                                         ACCOUNTING POLICIES    Continued    

In
July 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of
Inventory  (ASU 2015-11). ASU 2015-11 simplifies the subsequent measurement of inventory by replacing today s lower of
cost or market test with a lower of cost and net realizable value test. ASU 2015-11 is effective for the Company in the fiscal
year beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not believe the impact
of adopting ASU 2015-11 will be significant.  

In
November 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which simplifies the
presentation of deferred taxes by requiring that deferred tax assets and liabilities be presented as noncurrent on the balance
sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for the Company in the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. The Company does not believe the impact of adopting ASU 2015-17 will be significant.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-2,  Leases . ASU 2016-2 is aimed at making leasing activities more transparent
and comparable, and requires substantially all leases be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset
and corresponding lease liability, including leases currently accounted for as operating leases. ASU 2016-2 is effective for the
Company in the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-2 on its financial statements, and expects it will
impact its current operating leases on its financial statements.  

3.      MINERAL
                                         RIGHTS AND PROPERTIES   

Coleman
County   Three Well Rework/Recompletion    

On
October 14, 2014, the Company entered into a Terms of Farm-out Agreement with Copper Basin Oil   Gas Inc. to acquire a working
interest in an oil and gas lease in the J.E. Richey lease, which has 3 fully equipped wells, production flow lines, injection
flow line, Tank battery consisting of two 300 BBL tanks, one 210 BBL tank with two separators. The Company agreed to acquire a
75% working interest in the lease including the existing wells and equipment by committing to do the following:  

Re-Work
    and place back into production two wells   

Re-Complete
    the third well and place into production   

Pay
    $50,000 in cash   

Issue
    to Cooper or its designee(s) 2,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock   

The
total consideration that the Company must pay to acquire the 75% working interest is estimated at $336,000, which amount includes
all work requirements, and common stock valued at $0.10 based upon our current share price of $0.11 as at October 14, 2014. The
Net Revenue Interest is 56.25% and consists of approximately 206.5 acres, more or less, in Coleman County, Texas. This lease has
no depth limit.  

On
March 20, 2015, the Company entered into a multi-well purchase and sale agreement with EF VC2, LLC to sell a 37.5% working interest
( WI ) in the 3 wells for total consideration of $180,000. Under the terms of the agreement both parties will receive
a 50.0% of the WI revenue from these three wells until EF VC2 recaptures their investment of $180,000 (defined as  Payout ).
After Payout EF VC2 will revert to a 37.5% of the WI revenue for the remaining life of the production from the three wells.  

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

   Notes to Financial
Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

3.      MINERAL
                                         RIGHTS AND PROPERTIES    Continued    

Callahan
County Shallow Oil Play    

On
July 7, 2014, the Company entered into a Terms of Farm-out Agreement with Grasshoppers Unlimited Inc. to acquire a working interest
in an oil and gas lease in the Callahan County Shallow Oil Play, which has 3 fully equipped wells, 1 injection well, production
flow lines, injection flow line, Tank battery consisting of two 150 BBL tanks with separator, Injection system has a 150 BBL tank
with Injection Pump, 8 un-drilled locations. The Company agreed to acquire a 75% working interest in the lease including the existing
wells and equipment by committing to do the following:  

Bringing
                                         the existing three wells back into production (these three wells have been inactive since
                                         November 2012)                            

Conducting
                                         a H-5 pressure test on the injection well                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Issuing
                                         to Grasshoppers or its designee(s) 5,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s
                                         common stock                   

Enter
                                         into an Operating Agreement (A.A.P.L. Model Operating Form 610) with J.V. Rhyne, a licensed
                                         oil and gas operator in the State of Texas to operate the wells    

The
total consideration that we must pay to acquire the 75% working interest is estimated at $275,000, which amount does not include
all work requirement and drilling commitments. The common stock is valued at $0.05 per share based upon our current share price
of $0.10 as at June 30, 2014. The Net Revenue Interest is 70% and consists of approximately 60 acres, more or less, in Callahan
County, Texas. This lease has a depth limit to no more than 1,000 feet.  

Callahan/Eastland
Mississippi Reef Play    

On
July 7, 2014, under the same Terms of Farm-out Agreement with Grasshoppers Unlimited Inc., the Company acquired a working interest
in a second oil and gas lease known as the Callahan/Eastland Mississippi Reef Play, which is located near the Callahan and Eastland
County line in Central Texas. We agreed to acquire 60% of the working interest in this lease by conducting the following:  

Prepare
                                         an an independent geological report on the lease                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Issuing
                                         1,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock to Grasshoppers or its
                                         designees.      

The
total consideration that we must pay to acquire the 60% working interest is approximately $65,000, which amount does not include
the cost of drilling and completing a well on the acreage. The common stock is valued at $0.05 based upon our current share price
of $0.10 as at June 30, 2014. The Net Revenue Interest is 75% and consists of approximately 220 acres, more or less, in Callahan
County, Texas. This lease has no depth limit requirement. The Company is currently in discussions to amend the terms of the lease.  

Winnemucca
Mountain Property    

On
September 14, 2012, the Company entered into an option agreement (as amended and restated on November 15, 2012, February 1, 2013
and August 26, 2013) with AHL Holdings Ltd., a Nevada corporation, and Golden Sands Exploration Inc., a company incorporated under
the laws of British Columbia, Canada, wherein the Company acquired an option to purchase a revised 80% interest in and to certain
mining claims from AHL Holdings and Golden Sands, which claims form the Winnemucca Mountain Property in Humboldt County, Nevada.
This Winnemucca Mountain property is currently comprised of 208 unpatented mining claims covering an area of approximately 3,800
acres.  

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

   Notes to Financial
Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

3.      MINERAL
                                         RIGHTS AND PROPERTIES    Continued    

The
aggregate cash fee payable to exercise the option has been increased from $1,715,000 to $1,755,000 and the total number of common
shares issuable to exercise the option has been increased from 100,000 to 2,100,000. Lastly, the amended and restated agreement
provides that AHL Holdings may elect to receive shares of our common stock in lieu of any cash payments payable pursuant to the
agreement at a 75% discount to the then current closing market price.   

Effective
July 30, 2014, the Company entered into an amended and restated option agreement with AHL Holdings and Golden Sands  that
materially modifies and replaces the terms of the original option agreement (as amended last on August 26, 2013). Pursuant to
this amended and restated agreement, the remaining outstanding obligations are as follows:    

1.  
      To
    pay Golden Sands:   

2.  
      Issue
    and deliver shares to Golden Sands as follows:   

3.  
      Incur
    exploration expenses as follows:   

4.  
      Further,
    we are to:   

d.  
      make
    the following payments to the AHL Holdings:   

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

   Notes to Financial
Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

4.      CONVERTIBLE
                                         DEBT   

On
August 22, 2013 the Company entered into a $50,000 Convertible Loan Agreement with an un-related party. The Loan is convertible
into Units at $0.10 per Unit with each Unit consisting of one common share of the Company and   warrant with each full
warrant exercisable for 1 year to purchase 1 common share at $0.30 per share. The Loan shall bear interest at the rate of Eight
Percent (8%) per annum, payable on maturity, calculated on the principal amount of the Loan outstanding.  

On
July 10, 2014, a further $35,000 was received by the same unrelated party under the same terms.  

The
Company may require the Lender, at any time following the date that the closing price of the Shares as listed on a Principal Market,
as quoted by Bloomberg L.P. (the  Closing Price ) has been at or above $0.40 for a period of twenty consecutive trading
days, to exercise the Warrants and acquire the Shares at the Conversion Price. The Lender must exercise the Warrants in accordance
with Section 2.6(e) within five (5) business days of the receipt of notice from the Company, after which time the Warrants shall
be cancelled if unexercised. As used herein,  Principal Market  shall mean the OTC Bulletin Board, the Nasdaq SmallCap
Market, or the American Stock Exchange. If the Common Shares are not traded on a Principal Market, the Closing Price shall mean
the reported Closing Price for the Common Shares, as furnished by FINRA for the applicable periods.  

5.      CAPITAL
                                         STOCK   

a)    Authorized
                                         Stock  

The
Company has authorized 75,000,000 common shares with $0.001 par value. Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person
or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholder of the corporation is sought.  

b)    Share
                                         Issuances  

At
July 31, 2016, there are 25,827,818 common stock issued and outstanding:  

On
October 1, 2014 pursuant to the closing of private placements, 900,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $0.05 per
share for total proceeds of $45,000 was issued.  

On
October 20, 2014, 2,000,000 shares of common stock were issued as part of the compensatory terms of the Terms of Farm-out Agreement
to acquire a working interest in an oil and gas lease entered into by the Company.  

On
November 1, 2014, 100,000 shares of common stock that were purchased at $0.05 per share for total proceeds of $5,000 and issued
on July 31, 2014 were cancelled. The $5,000 has been reclassed as an advance to the Company.  

On
August 18, 2015, 500,000 shares of restricted common stock were issued as part of the compensatory terms of the mineral rights
option agreement entered into by the Company.  

On
October 6, 2015 pursuant to the closing of a private placement, 100,000 shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price
of $0.05 per share for total proceeds of $5,000 was issued.  

On
October 6, 2015 pursuant to the closing of a private placement, 400,000 shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price
of $0.06 per share for total proceeds of $24,000 was issued.  

On
January 2, 2016 pursuant to the closing of a private placement, 100,000 shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price
of $0.04 per share for total proceeds of $4,000 was issued.  

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

   Notes to Financial
Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

5.      CAPITAL
                                         STOCK    Continued    

On
January 15, 2016 pursuant to the closing of a private placement, 1,250,000 shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price
of $0.275 per share for total proceeds of $34,375 was issued.  

On
June 1, 2016 pursuant to the closing of a private placement, 333,334 shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price of
$0.03 per share for total proceeds of $10,000 was issued.  

On
June 1, 2016 pursuant to the closing of private placements, 7,000,000 shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price of
$0.014 per share for total proceeds of $98,000 was issued.  

Warrants
were issued during the year ended July 31, 2016 in conjunction with common stock issuances. All warrants had an exercise price
of $0.10 and expire in one year. Activity for the year ended July 31, 2016 was:  

As
of July 31, 2015, all previously issued warrants were expired and unexercised.  

7.      RELATED
                                         PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

A
former officer of the Company has advanced the Company $24,747 by making payments on behalf of the Company. The full balance of
$24,747 is still owed as of July 31, 2016 (July 31, 2015 - $24,747). The advance is unsecured, non-interest bearing and has no
specific terms of repayment.  

On
August 15, 2012, the Company entered into an Independent Contractor Agreement with the Company s then newly appointed Chief
Executive Officer, President and Director. The term of the agreement commenced on August 15, 2012 and went through to August 15,
2013, unless formerly terminated. The agreement continued on a month-to-month basis until March 15, 2014. On April 24, 2014, a
Settlement Agreement was entered into for a lump sum in full compensation of outstanding compensation owed to the officer to March
15, 2014. In the year ended July 31, 2016, $Nil was paid to the officer (July 31, 2015 - $12,500). The officer has resigned. As
of July 31, 2016, $2,500 for the final month of consulting for September 2014 is still owed by the Company.  

For
the year ended July 31, 2016, total payments of $81,400 (July 31, 2015 - $83,350) were made to an officer of the Company for consulting
services.  

Northern Minerals
  Exploration Ltd.   

   Notes to Financial
Statements   

   July 31, 2016   

8.
INCOME TAX   

We
are subject to taxation in the U.S. and the State of  Nevada.  The Company is not current
on its tax filings and is subject to examination until those filings take place.  

The
Company has no current or deferred income tax liability due to its operating losses.  

The Company has
federal net operating loss carryforwards totaling approximately $1,000,000 and $800,000 at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Subject to certain limitations (including limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code), the carryforwards are available
to offset future taxable income through 2036. The amount of change in the deferred tax asset and the related valuation allowance
was approximately $68,000 and $102,000 for the years ending July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Estimated deferred
tax assets totaled $340,000 and $272,000 at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. A 100% valuation allowance has been recorded
to offset the deferred tax assets, due to uncertainty of the Company s ability to generate future taxable income, in the
amount of $374,000, resulting in a net deferred tax asset of $0.  

We
have analyzed the filing positions in all jurisdictions where we are required to file income tax returns and found no positions
that would require a liability for unrecognized income tax positions be recognized.  

9.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

On
August 15, 2016, the Company acquired an oil and gas lease covering 450 acres known as the Guy Ranch including the cased hole
and equipment for the following expenditures plus the issuance of 670,000 shares of the Company s restricted stock at a
value of $16,750 ($0.025 per share).  

The
Company evaluated all events or transactions that occurred after July 31, 2016 up through the date these financial statements
were available for issuance. With the exception of the above, during this period, the Company did not have any material recognizable
subsequent events.  

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES     

Our
previous independent auditors George Stewart, CPA retired on November 1, 2016 and have appointed Fruci   Associates II, PLLC
as their transition partner. We engaged Fruci   Associates II, PLLC on November 14, 2016 as our independent auditors to report
on our balance sheet as of July 31, 2016, and the related combined statements of income, stockholders  equity and cash flows
for the year then ended.  

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our  disclosure controls and procedures  ( Disclosure Controls ),
as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
as of July 31, 2016, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Disclosure Controls evaluation was
done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer.  

Disclosure
controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and (ii) that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible
controls and procedures.  

Our
management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s
objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur
because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions.  

With
respect to the fiscal year ending July 31, 2016, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
has concluded that our Disclosure Controls were not effective.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( Section 404 ).
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.  Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July
31, 2016. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013 and determined that our internal controls over financial reporting
are not effective.  

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.  

Changes
in Internal Controls   

There
have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended July 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION     

Changes
in Control of the Registrant    

On
April 24, 2014 Ramzan Savji entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Ivan Webb pursuant to which Mr. Savji sold to Mr. Webb
2,900,000 shares of our common stock in consideration of $29,000.  The securities sold represent approximately 21.73%
of our issued and outstanding capital stock as at the date of this report.  The funds paid to Mr. Savji in consideration
of the shares were Mr. Webb s personal funds. Mr. Webb is a U.S. resident and citizen.    

Pursuant
to the terms of the Farm-out Agreement dated July 7, 2014 to acquire a working interest in two oil and gas leases, 6,000,000 shares
of common stock was issued to Grasshoppers Unlimited Inc. on July 31, 2014. The securities represent 44.96% of our issued and
outstanding capital stock as at the date of this report triggering a change in control of our company.  

We
have no other change of control arrangements in place   .

PART
III    

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE     

All
directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been
elected and qualified. The officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death,
resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are
as follows:  

*
Mr. Savji resigned from office and our board of directors effective April 24, 2014.  

BUSINESS
EXPERIENCE    

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive
officer and key employee of our company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and
principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out.  

Howard
Siegel    

Howard
Siegel was appointed to our Board of Directors on April 23, 2014 and appointed as our President ,  Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on April 24, 2014.  

Howard
Siegel is an attorney licensed to practice law in the State of Texas and has been a practicing attorney for over 40 years.  He
holds a law degree from St. Mary s University Law School.  Mr. Siegel s law practice includes tax, real
estate, and corporate law matters.  He previously worked for the Internal Revenue Service, Tenneco, Inc., The Superior
Oil Company and Bracewell   Patterson.  He has served as a Director in public and private corporations, including
Hondo Minerals, Inc., Australian Canadian Oil Royalties, Ltd., and Syndication, Inc.  Mr. Siegel is 70 years of age
and resides in Houston, Texas.  

Our
company believes that Mr. Siegel s professional background, management and corporate governance experience give him the
qualifications and skills necessary to serve as principal officer and as a director of our company.  

Roger
Autrey    

Roger
Autrey, has experience in assisting businesses in the field of international oil and gas with over 20 years sales, marketing and
commercial experience acquired through privately operated and publicly traded oil companies. Mr. Autrey is currently active in
several oil and gas projects in Australia   Africa.  

He
has been personally responsible for identifying, evaluating and recommending multiple new prospects being offered by governmental
agencies, creating sealed bid applications to numerous private and public companies, and involved in private bids resulting in
successful awards of over 100,000,000 gross acres, both onshore and offshore farmin projects. Further, he has been responsible
for creating all sales and marketing materials used for farmin projects for prospective clients and participated in numerous oil
and gas conventions globally.  

Since
early 1998, Mr. Autrey has served as the New Ventures Director for International Oil Lease Service Corp. ( IOLSC ) and
Australian Grazing   Pastoral Co., Pty. Ltd. ( AGP ). IOLSC and AGP have successfully leased over 600,000,000 and
1,000,000 gross acres, respectively, for oil and gas exploration in foreign countries. Additionally, from March 2004 to March
2011, Mr. Autrey worked in the new ventures department for Australian-Canadian Oil Royalties Ltd. whose principal assets consisted
of 15,440,116 gross surface acres of overriding royalty interest and approximately 8,561,007 gross acres of working interests.  

We
believe that Mr. Autrey's professional background, and business and operational experience give him the qualifications and skills
necessary to serve as Secretary of our company. Mr. Autrey was appointed on September 19, 2013.  

Ivan
Webb    

Ivan
Webb is a seasoned and successful entrepreneur, with over 35 years of experience in the oil and gas industry internationally and
in the United States. He is experienced with acquiring oil and gas concessions and leases, drilling of new wells and reworking/
re-completing existing wells, production management, working with service companies and regulatory compliance. Internationally,
he has successfully leased more than 18,000,000 acres. Domestically he has been involved with the acquisition and or management
of more than 250 wells in Kansas, Texas, Oklahoma and Texas.  

Mr.
Webb has also over 30 years of experience in managing or assisting public companies in both the US and Canada with regulatory
compliance. His public company experience includes assisting companies with initial public offerings, reverse mergers, obtaining
listings, and assisting with ongoing regulatory compliance.  

We
believe that Mr. Webb s professional background, management and corporate governance experience give him the qualifications
and skills necessary to serve as Vice President as as a direcotr of our company. Mr.Webb was appointed on March 16, 2015.  

Ramzan
Savji    

Ramzan
Savji was appointed as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director on August 14, 2012. Mr. Savji
has more than 30 years of experience in the banking and business sector. He has studied Banking and Business Administration in
Germany and was employed with the Deutsche Bank A.G., Munich, Germany in their letters of credit department from June 1971 to
August 1974. He then became the Area Representative for Societe Generale, the French   International Bank from May 1988 to
April 1995. He covered Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Rwanda, Burundi and Malawi. He was responsible for building up and enhancing correspondent
banking relationships between Societe Generale and the banks domiciled in the above countries. He was also responsible for lobbying
and promoting business for the French companies and arranging short, medium and long-term lines of credit for project financing
for both, the Public Sector as well the Private Sector.  

In
August 2000, Mr. Savji incorporated Telecommunications Supply Line Ltd., a telecommunications installation and networking material
supplier in Kenya, wherein he managed the company on a day-to-day basis for over a period of ten years.  

From
December 1993 to December 1996, Mr. Savji has been a Member of the Board of Governors of the Aga Khan Hospital in Nairobi, Kenya  

Since
October 2011, Mr. Savji has been the vice president, secretary and a member to the board of directors of Toron, Inc., a mineral
exploration company located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. His primary duties and responsibilities include assisting the president
with the day-to-day operations of the company.  

Mr.
Savji resigned on April 24, 2014. The resignation was not a result of any disagreement with the Company regarding our operations,
policies, practices or otherwise.  

Family
Relationships   

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors.  

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings   

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years:  

1.    been
                                         convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
                                         traffic violations and other minor offences);    

2.    had
                                         any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or
                                         of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner
                                         or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years
                                         prior to that time;    

3.    been
                                         subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
                                         of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or
                                         temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in
                                         any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings
                                         and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such
                                         activity;    

4.    been
                                         found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity
                                         Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities
                                         law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated;    

5.    been
                                         the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order,
                                         judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including
                                         any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
                                         violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law
                                         or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but
                                         not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
                                         civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition
                                         order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
                                         with any business entity; or    

6.    been
                                         the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended
                                         or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the
                                         Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29)
                                         of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association,
                                         entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
                                         with a member.    

Committees
of the Board    

All
proceedings of our board of directors was conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by the directors and filed with the
minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that
resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the corporate laws of the state of Nevada and the bylaws of our company,
as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held.  

Our
company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does
our company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it
is necessary to have such committees because it believes that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by
our directors.  

Our
company does not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for
directors. The directors believe that, given the early stage of our business, a specific nominating policy would be premature
and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our company does not currently have any
specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or
procedure for evaluating such nominees. Our director assesses all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders,
and makes recommendations for election or appointment.  

A
shareholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President,
at the address appearing on the first page of this annual report.  

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert    

Our
board of directors has determined that our directors do not qualify as an  audit committee financial expert  as defined
in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K, and is  independent  as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  

We
believe that the board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal
controls and procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an  audit
committee financial expert  would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early
stages of our business and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to date. In addition, we currently do not
have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor do we have a written nominating,
compensation or audit committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees
because it believes the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our directors.  

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934    

Our
common stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ).  Accordingly, our officers, directors, and principal stockholders are not subject to the beneficial ownership
reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.  

Code
of Ethics   

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our officers and directors which is a  code of ethics  as defined by applicable
rules of the SEC. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative, or other non-substantive
amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of our Code of Ethics to our Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, or certain other finance executives, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective
date and to whom it applies in a current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC.  

Conflicts
of Interest   

Certain
potential conflicts of interest are inherent in the relationships between our officers and directors, and us.   

From
time to time, one or more of our affiliates may form or hold an ownership interest in and/or manage other businesses both related
and unrelated to the type of business that we own and operate. These persons expect to continue to form, hold an ownership interest
in and/or manage additional other businesses which may compete with ours with respect to operations, including financing and marketing,
management time and services and potential customers. These activities may give rise to conflicts between or among the interests
of us and other businesses with which our affiliates are associated. Our affiliates are in no way prohibited from undertaking
such activities, and neither we nor our shareholders will have any right to require participation in such other activities.  

Further,
because we intend to transact business with some of our officers, directors and affiliates, as well as with firms in which some
of our officers, directors or affiliates have a material interest, potential conflicts may arise between the respective interests
of us and these related persons or entities. We believe that such transactions will be effected on terms at least as favorable
to us as those available from unrelated third parties.  

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION     

The
particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons:  

our
                                         principal executive officer;    

each
                                         of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers
                                         at the end of the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015; and    

up
                                         to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b)
                                         but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the
                                         end of the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015,    

who
we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our company, are set out in the following summary compensation
table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose
total compensation did not exceed $100,000 for the respective fiscal year:  

(1)      Howard
                                         Siegel was appointed as a director on April 23, 2014 and appointed as president, chief
                                         financial officer, chief executive officer and treasurer on April 24, 2014.                                                                                                                                         

(2)     Roger
                                         Autrey was appointed Secretary on September 19, 2013.   

(3)     Ivan
                                         Webb was appointed Vice President and a director on March 16, 2015.   

(4)     Ramzan
                                         Savji was appointed president, chief financial officer, chief executive officer, secretary
                                         and treasurer on August 14, 2012. He resigned as Secretary on September 19, 2013
                                         and fully as an officer and director on April 24, 2014.   

(5)     Michael
                                         Thiessen resigned as president, chief financial officer, chief executive officer, secretary
                                         and treasurer on August 14, 2012.   

Other
than as set out below, there are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors
or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors
in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or
may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of
directors.  

On
March 16, 2015, Ivan Webb was appointed as Vice President and a director. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2016, Mr. Webb
has been paid $81,400 (July 31, 2015 - $83,350) as compensation for his services.  

On
April 23, 2014, Howard Siegel was appointed as a director. On April 24, 2014, Mr. Siegel was further appointed as our President,
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2016, Mr. Siegel was paid
$500 (July 31, 2015 - $Nil).  

On
September 19, 2013, Roger Autrey was appointed as Secretary. Mr. Autrey does not receive compensation for his services.  

On
August 15, 2012, we entered into a consulting agreement with Ramzan Savji, whereby Mr. Savji agreed to provide services as chief
executive officer, president and sole director of our company. In consideration for agreeing to provide such services, we had
agreed to pay Mr. Savji a salary of $2,500 per month during the term of the consulting agreement in addition to $7,500 as an initial
payment for the first three (3) months of services performed by Mr. Savji. On September 19, 2013, Mr. Savji resigned as Secretary
and on April 24, 2014, Mr. Savji resigned from office. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, we have agreed to pay to Mr. Savji
a lump sum of $20,000 in full consideration of outstanding compensation payable to him pursuant to his consulting agreement with
the company.  Late payment will be subject to a $2,500 monthly penalty until the $20,000 is paid in full. As of
July 31, 2016, $2,500 for the final month of consulting for September 2014 is still owed by the Company.   

On
March 2, 2010, we entered into an independent contractor agreement under which compensation of $8,000 per month was to be paid
to perform services to Michael Thiessen for a period of one year. The agreement was continued on a month-to-month basis. However
in the year ended July 31, 2012, $232,000 being the whole amount of the related service fee from March 2, 2010, has been written
off and the Mr. Thiessen provided a release from all liabilities owed on September 7, 2012, subsequent to his resignation on August
14, 2012.  

Stock
Option Grants   

We
have not granted any stock options to the executive officers since our inception.  

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End    

For
the year ended July 31, 2016, no director or executive officer has received compensation from us pursuant to any compensatory
or benefit plan. There is no plan or understanding, express or implied, to pay any compensation to any director or executive officer
pursuant to any compensatory or benefit plan.  

Compensation
of Directors    

No
member of our Board of Directors received any compensation for his services as a director during the year ended July 31, 2016.  

Pension,
Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans    

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers.
We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors
or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof.  

Indebtedness
of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management    

None
of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years, is or has
been indebted to our company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding
currently outstanding.  

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS     

The
following table sets forth, as of November 30, 2016, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common
shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common shares, as well as by each of
our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the
shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common
stock, except as otherwise indicated.  

(1)
      
      Beneficial
    Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect
    to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power
    with respect to the shares of our common stock.   

(2)
      
      A
    total of 26,497,818 shares of our common stock are considered to be outstanding pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1) as of November
    30, 2016. For each beneficial owner above, any options exercisable within 60 days have been included in the denominator.   

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE     

Except
as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5% of shares of our common stock, or any family
member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended
July 31, 2016, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the
average of our total assets at the year end for the last three completed fiscal years.  

Promoters
and Certain Control Persons   

We
did not have any promoters at any time during the past five fiscal years.  

Director
Independence   

We
currently act with two directors, Howard Siegel and Ivan Webb. We have determined that we do not have an  independent director 
as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15).  

We
do not have a standing audit, compensation or nominating committee, but our sole director and officer acts in such capacities.
We believe that our sole director is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls
and procedures for financial reporting. Our sole director does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because
we believe that the functions of an audit committee can be adequately performed by the sole director. In addition, we believe
that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an  audit committee financial expert  would be overly
costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development.  

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES     

Our
previous independent auditors George Stewart, CPA retired on November 1, 2016 and have appointed Fruci   Associates II, PLLC
as their transition partner. We engaged Fruci   Associates II, PLLC on November 14, 2016 as our independent auditors to report
on our balance sheet as of July 31, 2016, and the related combined statements of income, stockholders  equity and cash flows
for the year then ended.  

The
aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of
the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant
in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows:  

Our
board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed
and approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered.  

Our
board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision
of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors  independence.  

PART
IV    

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES     

(a)    Financial
                                         Statements    

(1)    Financial
                                         statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document    

(2)    All
                                         financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material
                                         or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.    

(b)    Exhibits    

*   
       Filed
    herewith.    
 
       **   
       Furnished
    herewith. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed
    or part of any registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, are deemed
    not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise are not subject to liability
    under those sections.    

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

NORTHERN
    MINERALS   EXPLORATION LTD.    

(Registrant)

Dated:
     November 30, 2016  
      /s/
    Howard Siegel   

Howard
    Siegel    

President,
    Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director   

(Principal
    Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

/s/
    Roger Autrey   

Roger
    Autrey    

Secretary   

/s/
    Ivan Webb   

Ivan
    Webb    

Vice
    President and Director   

65  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2016ex31i_northern.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Howard Siegel, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Northern Minerals   Exploration
                                         Ltd.;    

2.  
     Based  on my
    knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
    make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
    the period covered by this report;   

3.  
     Based  on my
    knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
    respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
     The  registrant's
    other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)    Designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)    Designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)    Evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
                                         and    

(d)    Disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
                                         fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
                                         likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting;
                                         and    

5.  
     The  registrant's
    other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
    reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
    the equivalent functions):   

(a)    All
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and    

(b)    Any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:
November 30, 2016  

By:  
     /s/  Howard
    Siegel  

Howard Siegel  

President,  Chief Executive Officer,  
Chief
    Financial Officer,  

Treasurer  and Director  

(Principal  Executive Officer, 
 Principal
    Financial Officer and  

Principal  Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2016ex32i_northern.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1   

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

   (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)   

In
connection with the Annual Report of Northern Minerals   Exploration Ltd. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the
year ended July 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each
of the undersigned officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that:  

i.    The
                                         Report fully complies with the requirements of 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
                                         Act of 1934; and    

ii.    The
                                         information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
                                         condition and Result of operations of the company.    

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this certification as of the 30 th  day of November, 2016.  

By:  
     /s/  Howard
    Siegel  

Howard Siegel  

President,  Chief Executive Officer,  
Chief
    Financial Officer,  

Treasurer  and Director  

(Principal  Executive Officer, 
 Principal
    Financial Officer and  

Principal  Accounting Officer)  

By: 
      /s/
    Roger Autrey  

Roger Autrey 

Secretary  

By: 
      /s/
    Ivan Webb  

Ivan Webb 

Vice
    President and Director  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 nmex-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nmex-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nmex-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nmex-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nmex-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nmex-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

