<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161221_10-K_edgar_data_350797_0001144204-16-140665_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12902564</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>467276</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>788331</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3428300</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5868422</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1958064</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>303</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-140665.hdr.sgml : 20161221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161221150707
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-140665
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EATON VANCE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000350797
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				042718215
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08100
		FILM NUMBER:		162063781

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO INTERNATIONAL PLACE
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6174828260

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO INTERNATIONAL PLACE
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-140665.txt : 20161221

10-K
 1
 v455214_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-K  

 (Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016 

 or 

For the transition period from _____________
to ____________ 

Commission File Number 1-8100 

EATON
VANCE CORP.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts
02110  

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

(617) 482-8260  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Non-Voting Common Stock ($0.00390625 par value per share)   
       New York Stock Exchange    
 
      (Title of each class)  
      (Name of each exchange on which registered)   

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes   x 
 No      

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes     
 No   x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x 
 No      

Indicate
by check whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x 
 No      

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
      x  
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
          (Do not check if smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     
 No   x  

Aggregate
market value of Non-Voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of $34.53 on April
30, 2016 on the New York Stock Exchange was $3,768,192,384. Calculation of holdings by non-affiliates is based upon the assumption,
for these purposes only, that executive officers, directors, and persons holding 5 percent or more of the registrant s Non-Voting
Common Stock are affiliates . 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the close of the latest practicable date. 

Eaton Vance Corp. 

 Form 10-K 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended October 31,
2016 

 Index 

Required 
 Information  

Page 
Number 
Reference   

Part I   

Item 1.  
       
       Business   
       
      3   
 
      Item 1A.  
       
       Risk Factors   
       
      18   
 
      Item 1B.  
       
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
       
      25   
 
      Item 2.  
       
       Properties   
       
      25   
 
      Item 3.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      25   
 
      Item 4.  
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      25   

Part II   

Item 5.  
       
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
       
      26   
 
      Item 6.  
       
       Selected Financial Data   
       
      28   
 
      Item 7.  
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      29   
 
      Item 7A.  
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      57   
 
      Item 8.  
       
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
       
      60   
 
      Item 9.  
       
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
       
      122   
 
      Item 9A.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      122   
 
      Item 9B.  
       
       Other Information   
       
      124   

Part III   

Item 10.  
       
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
       
      125   
 
      Item 11.  
       
       Executive Compensation   
       
      132   
 
      Item 12.  
       
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
       
      159   
 
      Item 13.  
       
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
       
      163   
 
      Item 14.  
       
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
       
      164   

Part IV   

Item 15.  
       
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
       
      165   
 
       Signatures   

166   

PART I 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for Eaton Vance Corp.
( Eaton Vance  or  the Company ) includes statements that are  forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, including statements regarding our expectations, intentions or strategies regarding the future. All statements,
other than statements of historical facts, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding our financial position, business
strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. The terms  may,   will, 
 could,   anticipate,   plan,   continue,   project,   intend, 
 estimate,   believe,   expect  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words. Although we believe that the assumptions and expectations
reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to have been correct
or that we will take any actions that may now be planned. Certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from our expectations are disclosed in Item 1A  Risk Factors  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written
or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety
by such factors. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise.   

Item 1. Business 

General 

Our principal business is managing investment funds and providing
investment management and advisory services to high-net-worth individuals and institutions. We seek to develop and sustain management
expertise across a range of investment disciplines and to offer leading investment products and services through multiple distribution
channels. In executing this strategy, we have developed broadly diversified investment management capabilities and a highly functional
marketing, distribution and customer service organization. We measure our success as a Company based on investment performance
delivered, reputation in the marketplace, progress achieving strategic objectives, employee development and satisfaction, business
and financial results, and shareholder value created. 

Through our subsidiaries Eaton Vance Management and Atlanta
Capital Management Company, LLC ( Atlanta Capital ) and other affiliates, we manage active equity, income and alternative
strategies across a range of investment styles and asset classes, including U.S. and global equities, floating-rate bank loans,
municipal bonds, global income, high-yield and investment grade bonds. Through our subsidiary Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
( Parametric ), we manage a range of engineered alpha strategies, including systematic equity, systematic alternatives
and managed options strategies. Through Parametric, we also provide portfolio implementation and overlay services, including tax-managed
and non-tax-managed custom core equity strategies, centralized portfolio management of multi-manager portfolios and customized
exposure management services. We also oversee the management of, and distribute, investment funds sub-advised by unaffiliated third-party
managers, including global and regional equity and asset allocation strategies. Our breadth of investment management capabilities
supports a wide range of products and services offered to fund shareholders, retail managed account investors, institutional investors
and high-net-worth clients. Although we manage and distribute a wide range of investment products and services, we operate in one
business segment, namely as an investment adviser to funds and separate accounts. 

We distribute our funds and retail managed accounts principally
through financial intermediaries. We have broad market reach, with distribution partners including national and regional broker-dealers,
independent broker-dealers, registered investment advisors, banks and insurance companies. We support these distribution partners
with a team of approximately 120 sales professionals covering U.S. and international markets. 

We also commit significant resources to serving institutional
and high-net-worth clients who access investment management services on a direct basis and through investment consultants. Through
our wholly owned affiliates and consolidated subsidiaries, we manage investments for a broad range of clients in the institutional
and high-net-worth marketplace in the U.S. and internationally, including corporations, sovereign wealth funds, endowments, foundations,
family offices and public and private employee retirement plans. 

Company History   

We have been in the investment management business for over
90 years, tracing our history to two Boston-based investment managers: Eaton   Howard, formed in 1924, and Vance, Sanders  
Company, organized in 1934. Eaton   Howard, Vance Sanders, Inc. (renamed Eaton Vance Management, Inc. in June 1984 and reorganized
as Eaton Vance Management in October 1990) was formed upon the acquisition of Eaton   Howard, Incorporated by Vance, Sanders
  Company, Inc. on April 30, 1979. Following the 1979 merger of these predecessor organizations to form Eaton Vance, our managed
assets consisted primarily of open-end mutual funds marketed to U.S. retail investors under the Eaton Vance brand and investment
counsel services offered directly to high-net-worth and institutional investors. Over the ensuing years, we have expanded our product
and distribution efforts to include closed-end, private and offshore funds, retail managed accounts, a broad array of products
and services for U.S. and international institutional and high-net-worth investors and, most recently, unit investment trusts. 

Our long-term growth strategy focuses on developing and growing
market-leading investment franchises and expanding our product distribution reach into new channels and geographic markets. The
development of leading investment franchises may be achieved either organically or through acquisitions. Recent acquisitions include
our fiscal 2012 purchase of a 49 percent interest in Hexavest Inc. ( Hexavest ) and Parametric s fiscal 2013
purchase of The Clifton Group Investment Management Company ( Clifton ). The acquisition of our interest in Hexavest,
a Montreal-based investment adviser, expanded our global equity investment capabilities. The purchase of Clifton, which now operates
as Parametric s Minneapolis investment center, provided Parametric with a market-leading position in futures- and options-based
portfolio implementation services and risk-management strategies. Hexavest s assets under management have grown from $11.0
billion at purchase in August 2012 to $13.7 billion on October 31, 2016. Managed assets of what is now Parametric s Minneapolis
investment center have grown from $34.8 billion at purchase in December 2012 to $78.9 billion on October 31, 2016. 

Investment Managers and Distributors  

We conduct our investment management business through direct
and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries Eaton Vance Management, Boston Management and Research ( BMR ), Eaton Vance
Investment Counsel ( EVIC ), Eaton Vance (Ireland) Limited ( EVAI ), Eaton Vance Trust Company ( EVTC ),
and three other consolidated subsidiaries, Atlanta Capital, Parametric and Parametric Risk Advisors LLC ( Parametric Risk
Advisors ), each with a range of investment management capabilities and one or more distinctive investment styles. Eaton
Vance Management, BMR, EVIC, Atlanta Capital, Parametric and Parametric Risk Advisors (a wholly owned subsidiary of 

Parametric) are all registered with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission ( SEC ) as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the  Advisers Act ).
EVAI, registered under the Central Bank of Ireland, provides management services to the Eaton Vance International (Ireland) Funds
Plc. EVTC, a trust company, is exempt from registration under the Advisers Act. Eaton Vance Distributors, Inc. ( EVD ),
a wholly owned broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), markets and
sells the Eaton Vance and Parametric funds and retail managed accounts. Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited ( EVMI ),
a wholly owned financial services company registered under the Financial Services and Market Act in the United Kingdom, markets
our products and services in Europe and certain other international markets. Eaton Vance Management International (Asia) Private
Limited ( EVMIA ), a wholly owned financial services company registered under the Singapore Companies Act by the Accounting
and Corporate Regulatory Authority in Singapore, markets our products and services in the Asia Pacific region. Eaton Vance Australia
Pty. Ltd., a wholly owned company registered as an Australian propriety company with the Australian Securities and Investment Commission,
markets our products and services in Australia and New Zealand. 

We are headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts and also maintain
offices in Atlanta, Georgia; Minneapolis, Minnesota; New York, New York; Seattle, Washington; Westport, Connecticut; London, England;
Singapore; Sydney, Australia; and Tokyo, Japan. Our sales representatives operate throughout the United States and in the United
Kingdom, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America. We are represented in the Middle East through an agreement with a third-party
distributor. 

Recent Developments  

In fiscal 2015, we identified four primary near-term priorities
to support our long-term growth. Those priorities are: (1) capitalizing on our industry-leading investment performance to grow
sales and gain market share in active investment strategies; (2) further developing our global investment capabilities and distribution
to address identified market opportunities; (3) expanding our Custom Beta lineup of separate account offerings and the distribution
of Custom Beta strategies; and (4) achieving commercial success of NextShares TM  exchange-traded managed funds. 

As of October 31, 2016, the Company offered 57 U.S. mutual funds
rated 4 or 5 stars by Morningstar  for at least one class of shares, including 24 five-star rated funds. Although actively
managed strategies as a whole are losing share to passive investments, the Company believes that top-performing active strategies
can continue to grow, particularly in asset classes where competition versus passive alternatives is less acute. In fiscal 2016,
net flows into the Company s active strategies were modestly positive. 

Outside the United States, the Company continues to expand investment
staff and commit additional distribution resources to support business growth. EVMI has grown its equity and income teams from
three investment professionals at the end of fiscal 2014 to a current staff of 26. In fiscal 2016, the Company also hired Tjalling
Halbertsma to head our London-based global sales organization. 

In fiscal 2016, the Company achieved significant growth for
our Custom Beta suite of separately managed account strategies, which include Parametric core equities and Eaton Vance Management-managed
municipal bond and corporate bond ladders. Different from index mutual funds and exchange-traded funds ( ETFs ), our
Custom Beta separate account products give clients the ability to tailor their market exposures to achieve better tax outcomes
and to reflect client-specified responsible investing criteria, factor tilts and portfolio exclusions. 

The Company s NextShares initiative achieved a series
of milestones in fiscal 2016, including the launch of the first three Eaton Vance-sponsored NextShares funds in February and March,
the July announcement that UBS Financial Services intends to begin offering NextShares through its U.S. financial advisors network
in 2017 and the introduction by Ivy Funds of the first non-Eaton Vance NextShares funds in October. The Company s NextShares
Solutions LLC ( NextShares Solutions ) subsidiary remains focused on the development and commercialization of NextShares,
the only exchange-traded product structure compatible with proprietary active management to be approved by the SEC. 

Pending Acquisition  

On October 21, 2016, the Company announced the execution of
a definitive agreement to acquire the business assets of Calvert Investment Management, Inc. ( Calvert ). Founded in
1976 and based in Bethesda, Maryland, Calvert is a recognized leader in responsible investing, with approximately $12.3 billion
in assets under management as of September 30, 2016. The Calvert Funds are one of the largest and most diversified families of
responsibly invested mutual funds, encompassing actively and passively managed equity, fixed-income and asset allocation strategies
managed in accordance with responsible investing principles. The transaction is subject to Calvert fund shareholder approval and
other closing conditions, and is scheduled to close on or about December 31, 2016. 

Investment Management Capabilities 

We provide investment advisory services to
retail, high-net-worth and institutional investors through funds and separately managed accounts across a broad range of investment
mandates. The following table sets forth consolidated assets under management by investment mandate for the dates indicated: 

Consolidated Assets under Management by Investment Mandate   (1)

(1)     Excludes managed assets of 49 percent-owned Hexavest.  

(2)     Includes balanced and multi-asset mandates.  

(3)     Includes cash management mandates.  

(4)     Portfolio implementation and exposure management categories
were reported as a single category in fiscal 2014.  

Our principal investment affiliates Eaton Vance Management,
Parametric, Atlanta Capital and Hexavest offer a range of distinctive strategies. Investment approaches include bottom-up and top-down
fundamental active management, rules-based systematic alpha investing and implementation of passive strategies. This broad 

diversification
provides us the opportunity to address a wide range of investor needs and to offer products and services suited for various market
environments. 

The following table sets forth the strategies of our investment
affiliates and their respective offerings within each of our investment mandates as of October 31, 2016: 

Eaton Vance Management  
       
      Parametric  
       
      Atlanta Capital  
       
      Hexavest   

Equity, income and alternative strategies based on in-depth fundamental analysis   
       
       Rules-based alpha-seeking strategies and implementation services   
       
       High-quality U.S. stock and bond portfolios   
       
       Global equity and tactical allocation strategies    
 
       Equity:   

Asset Allocation  (1) (2)    
       
      Defensive Equity  
       
      Large-Cap Growth  
       
      Canadian   
 
      Dividend Income  (1)    
       
      Dividend Income  
       
      Mid-Large Cap Core  
       
      Emerging Markets   
 
      Equity Option  (1)    
       
      Dynamic Hedged Equity  
       
      Small-Cap Core  
       
      European   
 
      Global  (3)    
       
      Emerging Markets  (1)    
       
      SMID-Cap Core  
       
      Global   All Country   
 
      Global-Ex-U.S.  
       
      Enhanced Income  
       
      Responsible  
       
      Global   Developed   
 
      Global-Ex-U.S. Small-Cap  
       
      Equity Option  (1)    

International   
 
      Global Small-Cap  (1)    
       
      Global  

Health Sciences        
       
      Global Small-Cap  

Large-Cap Core        
       
      International  (1)    

Large-Cap Growth  (1)    
       
      Responsible  

Large-Cap Value  (1)    
       
      U.S.        

Multi-Cap Growth  (1)    

Real Estate  

Region Specific  (4)    

Small-Cap Core  (1)    

SMID-Cap Core  

Fixed Income:   

Cash Management  

High-Quality Broad  

Core Bond  

Market  

Core Plus Bond  

High-Quality Intermediate  

Emerging Market Debt  

Term  

High Yield  

High-Quality Short Term  

Inflation-Linked  

Laddered Corporate  

Laddered Municipal  

Mortgage-Backed Securities  

Multi-Sector Income  

Multi-Strategy Income  

Municipal Income  

Preferred Securities  

Tax-Advantaged Bond  

Eaton Vance Management  
       
      Parametric  
       
      Atlanta Capital  
       
      Hexavest   

Equity, income and alternative strategies based on in-depth fundamental analysis   
       
       Rules-based alpha-seeking strategies and implementation services   
       
       High-quality U.S. stock and bond portfolios   
       
       Global equity and tactical allocation strategies    
 
       Floating-Rate Income:   

Floating-Rate Loans  

Alternative:   

Commodity  
       
      Absolute Return  

Currency  
       
      Commodity  

Global Macro Absolute  
       
      Risk Parity  

Return  

Hedged Equity  

Multi-Strategy Absolute  

Return  

Portfolio Implementation:   

Centralized Portfolio  

Management  

Custom Core Equity  

Exposure Management:   

Customized Exposure  

Management  

(1)     Includes tax-managed open-end and/or closed-end fund
offerings.  

(2)     Includes Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy
Fund, sub-advised by Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC.  

(3)     Includes Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy
Fund, sub-advised by Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC.  

(4)     Includes
Eaton Vance Greater China Growth Fund, sub-advised by BMO Global Asset Management (Asia) Limited, and  Eaton Vance Greater India
Fund, sub-advised by Goldman Sachs Asset Management International.  

Investment Vehicles  

Our consolidated assets under management are broadly diversified
by distribution channel and vehicle. The following table sets forth our consolidated assets under management by investment vehicle
for the dates identified: 

Consolidated Assets under Management by Investment Vehicle  (1)    

(1)     Excludes managed assets of 49 percent-owned Hexavest.  

(2)     Includes assets in NextShares funds.  

(3)     Includes unit investment trusts.  

(4)     Includes privately offered equity, fixed income and
floating-rate bank loan funds and collateralized loan obligation ( CLO ) entities.  

(5)     Includes assets in institutional cash management separate
accounts.  

Open-end Funds   

 As of October 31, 2016, our open-end fund
lineup included tax-managed equity funds, non-tax-managed equity and multi-asset funds, state and national municipal income funds,
taxable fixed income and cash management funds, floating-rate bank loan funds and alternative funds sold to U.S. and non-U.S. investors. 

We are a leading manager of equity funds designed
to minimize the impact of taxes on investment returns, with $7.0 billion in open-end tax-managed equity fund assets under management
on October 31, 2016. Our tax-managed equity fund line-up encompasses a variety of equity styles and market caps, including large-cap
core, large-cap value, multi-cap growth, small-cap, international, emerging markets, global dividend income, global small-cap and
equity asset allocation. 

Our non-tax-managed
equity fund offerings include large-cap, multi-cap and small-cap funds in value, core and growth styles, dividend and global dividend
income funds, international, global, emerging markets, healthcare and real estate funds. Also included in the category are three
hybrid funds that generally hold both equities and income securities. Assets under management in open-end non-tax-managed equity
funds totaled $21.2 billion on October 31, 2016.  

Our family of municipal income mutual funds
is one of the broadest in the industry, with 11 national and 18 state-specific funds in 16 different states. As of October 31,
2016, we managed $10.7 billion in open-end municipal income fund assets. 

Our taxable
fixed income and cash management funds utilize our investment management capabilities in a broad range of fixed income mandates,
including mortgage-backed securities, high-grade bond, high-yield bond, multi-  

sector bond
and cash instruments. Assets under management in open-end taxable income funds totaled $12.7 billion on October 31, 2016.  

Since introducing
our first floating-rate bank loan fund, Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Advantage Fund, in 1989, we have consistently ranked as one of
the largest managers of retail bank loan funds. Assets under management in open-end floating-rate bank loan funds totaled $15.4
billion on October 31, 2016.  

The alternative category includes a range of absolute return
strategies, as well as commodity- and currency-linked investments. We currently offer four absolute return funds in the U.S. and
a global macro strategy that we sell to fund investors outside of the United States. Assets under management in open-end alternative
funds totaled $7.7 billion on October 31, 2016. 

The U.S. Charitable Gift Trust and its pooled income funds are
designed to simplify the process of donating to qualified charities and to provide professional management of pools of donated
assets. Assets under management in U.S. Charitable Gift Trust and its pooled income funds, which are included in fund assets under
management as described above, totaled $494.2 million at October 31, 2016. 

Our Ireland- and Cayman Island-domiciled open-end funds offer
a range of investment strategies to non-U.S. investors. At October 31, 2016, managed assets in funds sold outside the U.S., which
are included in fund assets under management as described above, totaled $1.8 billion. 

As of October 31, 2016, 57 of our U.S. mutual funds were rated
4 or 5 stars by Morningstar TM  for at least one class of shares, including 20 equity and 37 income funds. A good source
of performance-related information for our funds is our website, www.eatonvance.com. On our website, investors can also obtain
other current information about our product offerings, including investment objective and principal investment policies, portfolio
characteristics, expenses and Morningstar TM  ratings. 

Closed-end Funds   

 Our family of closed-end funds includes municipal bond, domestic
and global equity, bank loan, multi-sector income and taxable income funds. As of October 31, 2016, we managed $23.6 billion in
closed-end fund assets and ranked as the third largest manager of exchange-listed closed-end funds in the U.S. according to Strategic
Insight, a fund industry data provider. 

Private Funds   

 The private fund category includes privately offered equity
funds designed to meet the diversification and tax-management needs of qualifying high-net-worth investors. We are recognized as
a market leader for these types of privately offered equity funds, with $13.5 billion in assets under management as of October
31, 2016. Also included in private funds are equity, floating-rate bank loan and fixed income funds offered to institutional investors.
Assets under management in these funds, which include cash instrument CLO entities, collective trusts and leveraged and unleveraged
loan funds, totaled $13.9 billion as of October 31, 2016, including $2.0 billion of assets in CLO entities. 

Institutional Separate Accounts   

 We serve a broad range of clients in the institutional
marketplace, both in the U.S. and internationally, including government, corporate and union retirement plans, endowments and foundations,
nuclear decommissioning trusts and asbestos litigation trusts, sovereign wealth funds and investment funds sponsored by others
for which we serve as a sub-adviser. Our diversity of capabilities allows us to offer domestic and international institutional
investors a broad spectrum of equity, fixed and floating-rate income and alternative 

strategies, as well as portfolio implementation
and exposure management services. Our broad expertise provides us the opportunity to customize solutions to help meet our clients 
complex investment needs. 

We have used EVTC, a non-depository trust company, as a platform
to launch a series of commingled funds tailored to meet the needs of smaller institutional clients. The trust company also enables
us to participate in qualified plan commingled investment platforms offered in the broker-dealer channel. In addition to management
services, EVTC provides certain custody services and has obtained regulatory approval to provide institutional trustee services. 

Institutional separate account assets under
management totaled $136.5 billion at October 31, 2016. 

High-net-worth Separate Accounts   

 We offer high-net-worth and family office
clients personalized investment counseling services through EVIC. At EVIC, investment counselors work directly with clients to
establish long-term financial programs and implement strategies designed for achieving their objectives. The Company has been in
this business since the founding of Eaton and Howard in 1924. 

Also included in high-net-worth separate accounts
are core equity portfolios managed by Parametric for family offices and high-net-worth individuals. Parametric s objective
in managing these accounts is generally to match the returns of a client-specified equity benchmark and add incremental returns
on an after-tax basis and/or to reflect the investment restrictions and exposure tilts specified by the client. Parametric s
offerings for the high-net-worth and family office market also include investment programs that utilize option overlay strategies
to help clients customize their risk and return profiles through the use of disciplined options strategies. 

High-net-worth separate account assets under
management totaled $25.8 billion at October 31, 2016, $3.9 billion of which were managed by EVIC and $21.9 billion of which were
managed by Parametric and Parametric Risk Advisors. 

Retail Managed Accounts   

 Retail managed accounts are separate accounts managed for individual
investors offered through the retail intermediary distribution channel. We entered this business in the 1990s, offering Eaton Vance
Management-managed municipal bond separate accounts, and later expanded our offerings with the addition of Atlanta Capital, Parametric
and Parametric Risk Advisors-managed accounts. Our entry into the retail managed account business allowed us to leverage the strengths
of our retail marketing organization and our relationships with major distributors. We now participate in over 50 retail managed
account broker-dealer programs. According to Cerulli Associates, an investment research firm, Eaton Vance ranked as the fourth
largest manager of retail managed account assets as of September 30, 2016. Our retail managed account assets totaled $48.4 billion
at October 31, 2016. 

Investment Management and Related Services 

Our direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries Eaton Vance
Management and BMR are investment advisers to all of the Eaton Vance-sponsored funds (including those funds branded as Parametric
funds). Although the specifics of our fund advisory agreements vary, the basic terms are similar. Pursuant to the advisory agreements,
Eaton Vance Management or BMR provides overall investment management services to each internally advised fund, subject, in the
case of funds that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 ( 1940 Act ) ( Registered Funds ),
to the supervision of the fund s board of trustees or directors (together,  trustees ) in accordance with the
fund s investment objectives and policies. Atlanta Capital, 

Hexavest, Parametric, Parametric Risk Advisors or an unaffiliated
advisory firm acts as a sub-adviser to Eaton Vance Management and BMR for certain funds. 

Eaton Vance Management provides administrative services, including
personnel and facilities, necessary for the operation of all Eaton Vance and Parametric funds, subject to the oversight of each
fund s board of trustees. These services are provided under comprehensive management agreements with certain funds that also
include investment advisory services and through separate administrative services agreements with other funds as discussed below.
Administrative services include recordkeeping, preparing and filing documents required to comply with federal and state securities
laws, legal, fund administration and compliance services, supervising the activities of the funds  custodians and transfer
agents, providing assistance in connection with the funds  shareholder meetings and other administrative services, including
providing office space and office facilities, equipment and personnel that may be necessary for managing and administering the
business affairs of the funds. Each agreement remains in effect indefinitely, subject, in the case of Registered Funds, to annual
approval by the fund s board of trustees. The funds generally bear all expenses associated with their operation and the issuance
and redemption or repurchase of their securities, except for the compensation of trustees and officers of the fund who are employed
by us. Under some circumstances, particularly in connection with the introduction of new funds, Eaton Vance Management or BMR may
waive a portion of its management fee and/or pay some expenses of the fund. 

For Registered Funds, a majority of the independent
trustees (i.e., those unaffiliated with us or any adviser controlled by us and deemed  non-interested  under the 1940
Act) must review and approve the investment advisory and administrative agreements annually. The fund trustees generally may terminate
these agreements upon 30 to 60 days  notice without penalty. Shareholders of Registered Funds must approve any amendments
to the investment advisory agreements. 

Eaton Vance Management has entered into an investment advisory
and administrative agreement with U.S. Charitable Gift Trust. In addition, U.S. Charitable Gift Trust and its pooled income funds
have distribution agreements with EVD that provide for reimbursement of the costs of fundraising and servicing donor accounts. 

Either Eaton Vance Management, BMR, EVIC, Atlanta Capital, Parametric
or Parametric Risk Advisors has entered into an investment advisory agreement for each separately managed account and retail managed
account program, which sets forth the account s investment objectives and fee schedule, and provides for management of assets
in the account in accordance with the stated investment objectives. Our separate account portfolio managers may assist clients
in formulating investment strategies. 

EVTC is the trustee for each collective investment trust and
is responsible for designing and implementing the trust s investment program or overseeing sub-advisers managing the trust s
investment portfolios. As trustee, EVTC also provides certain administrative and accounting services to the trust. For services
provided under each trust s declaration of trust, EVTC receives a monthly fee based on the average daily net assets of the
trust. 

Investment counselors and separate account portfolio managers
employed by our wholly owned and other controlled subsidiaries make investment decisions for the separate accounts we manage. Investment
counselors and separate account portfolio managers generally use the same research information as fund portfolio managers, but
tailor investment decisions to the needs of particular clients. We generally receive investment advisory fees for separate accounts
quarterly, based on the value of the assets managed on a particular date, such as the first or last calendar day of a quarter,
or, in some instances, on the average assets for the period. These advisory contracts are generally terminable upon 30 to 60 days 
notice without penalty. 

The following table shows investment advisory and administrative
fees earned for the three years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 as follows: 

Marketing and Distribution of Investment
Products  

We market and distribute shares of Eaton Vance
and Parametric funds domestically through EVD. EVD sells fund shares through a network of financial intermediaries, including national
and regional broker-dealers, banks, registered investment advisors, insurance companies and financial planning firms. The Eaton
Vance International (Ireland) Funds Plc. are Undertakings for Collective Investments in Transferable Securities ( UCITS )
funds domiciled in Ireland and sold by EVMI through certain intermediaries, and in some cases directly, to investors who are citizens
of the United Kingdom, member nations of the European Union and other countries outside the United States. The Eaton Vance International
(Cayman Islands) Funds are Cayman Island-domiciled funds sold by EVMI and EVD through intermediaries to non-U.S. investors. 

Although the firms in our domestic retail distribution network
have each entered into selling agreements with EVD, these agreements (which generally are terminable by either party) do not legally
obligate the firms to sell any specific amount of our investment products. EVD currently maintains a sales force of approximately
120 external and internal wholesalers who work closely with financial advisors in the retail distribution network to assist in
placing Eaton Vance and Parametric funds. 

Certain sponsored mutual funds have adopted distribution plans
as permitted by the 1940 Act that provide for the fund to pay EVD distribution fees for the sale and distribution of shares and
service fees for personal and/or shareholder account services ( 12b-1 fees ). Each distribution plan and distribution
agreement with EVD for the Registered Funds is initially approved and its subsequent continuance must be approved annually by the
board of trustees of the respective funds, including a majority of the independent trustees. 

EVD makes payments to financial intermediaries that provide
marketing support, transaction processing and/or administrative services to the Eaton Vance and Parametric mutual funds and, in
some cases, include some or all of our funds in preferred or specialized selling programs. Payments are typically based on fund
net assets, sales, transactions processed and/or accounts attributable to that financial intermediary. Financial intermediaries
also may receive payments from EVD in connection with educational or due diligence meetings that include information concerning
our funds. 

EVD currently sells Eaton Vance and Parametric mutual funds
under five primary pricing structures: front-end load commission ( Class A ); level-load commission ( Class C );
institutional no-load ( Class I,   Class R6  and  Institutional Class,  referred to herein
as  Class I ); retail no-load ( Investor Class  and  Advisers Class,  referred to herein as
 Class N ); and retirement plan level-load ( Class R ). 

For Class A shares, the shareholder may be required to pay a
sales charge to the selling broker-dealer of up to five percent and an underwriting commission to EVD of up to 75 basis points
of the dollar value of the shares sold. Under certain conditions, we waive the sales load on Class A shares and the shares are
sold at net asset value. EVD generally receives (and then pays to authorized firms after one year) combined distribution and service
fees of up to 30 basis points of average net assets annually on Class A shares. In recent years, a growing percentage of the Company s
sales of Class A shares have been made on a load-waived basis through various fee-based programs. EVD does not receive underwriting
commissions on such sales. 

For Class C shares, the shareholder pays no
front-end commissions but may be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge on redemptions made within the first twelve months
of purchase. EVD pays a commission and the projected first year service fees to the dealer at the time of sale. The fund makes
monthly distribution plan and service fee payments to EVD at an annual rate of up to 75 basis points and 25 basis points, respectively,
of average net assets of the Class. EVD retains the distribution and service fees paid to EVD for the first twelve months and pays
the distribution and service fees to the dealer after one year. 

Class I shares are offered at net asset value and are not subject
to any sales charges, underwriter commissions, distribution fees or service fees. For designated Class I shares, a minimum investment
of $250,000 or higher is normally required. Designated Institutional Class shares are normally subject to a minimum investment
of $50,000. Sales of R6 shares are limited to participating retirement plans and certain other investors. 

Class N shares are offered at net asset value and are not subject
to any sales charges or underwriter commissions. EVD receives (and then pays to authorized firms after one year) combined distribution
and service fees of 25 basis points of average net assets annually. 

Class R shares are offered at net asset value with no front-end
sales charge. The Company receives, and then generally pays to dealers, distribution fees of 25 basis points and service fees of
25 basis points of average net assets of the Class annually. 

We also sponsor unregistered equity funds
that are privately placed by EVD, as placement agent, and by various sub-agents to whom EVD and the subscribing shareholders make
sales commission payments. The privately placed equity funds are managed by Eaton Vance Management and BMR. 

The marketing and distribution of investment
strategies to institutional and high-net-worth clients is subsidiary-specific.  Eaton Vance Management has institutional sales,
consultant relations and client service teams dedicated to supporting the U.S. marketing and sales of strategies managed by Eaton
Vance Management and Hexavest.  Hexavest maintains its own marketing and distribution team to service institutional clients
in Canada. Parametric and Atlanta Capital each maintain subsidiary-specific marketing and distribution teams to sell their respective
investment strategies to U.S.-based institutions and high-net-worth investors.  Parametric also maintains a dedicated institutional
marketing and distribution team focused on the Australian and New Zealand markets. EVMI, based in London, is otherwise responsible
for the institutional marketing and distribution of all Eaton Vance Management, Parametric, Atlanta Capital and Hexavest-advised
strategies to institutions outside North America.   

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016, there were no
customers that provided over 10 percent of our total revenue. 

Regulation 

Eaton Vance Management, BMR, EVIC, Atlanta Capital, Parametric
and Parametric Risk Advisors are each registered with the SEC under the Advisers Act. The Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations
on registered investment advisers, including fiduciary duties, recordkeeping requirements, operational requirements and disclosure
obligations. Most Eaton Vance and Parametric funds are registered with the SEC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act imposes additional
obligations on fund advisers, including governance, compliance, reporting and fiduciary obligations relating to the management
of funds. Except for privately offered funds exempt from registration, each U.S. fund is also required to make notice filings with
all states where it is offered for sale. Virtually all aspects of our investment management business in the U.S. are subject to
various federal and state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are primarily intended to benefit shareholders of the
funds and separate account clients and generally grant supervisory agencies and bodies broad administrative powers, including the
power to limit or restrict us from carrying on our investment management business in the event we fail to comply with such laws
and regulations. In such event, the possible sanctions that may be imposed include the suspension of individual employees, limitations
on Eaton Vance Management, BMR, EVIC, Atlanta Capital, Parametric or Parametric Risk Advisors engaging in the investment management
business for specified periods of time, the revocation of any such company s registration as an investment adviser, and other
censures or fines. 

Under a final rule and interpretive guidance issued by the Financial
Stability Oversight Council ( FSOC ) in April 2012, certain non-bank financial companies have been designated for the
Federal Reserve s supervision as systemically important financial institutions ( SIFIs ). Additional non-bank
financial companies, which may include large asset management companies such as us, may be designated as SIFIs in the future. If
the Company were designated a SIFI, it would be subject to enhanced prudential measures, which could include capital and liquidity
requirements, leverage limits, enhanced public disclosures and risk management requirements, annual stress testing by the Federal
Reserve, credit exposure and concentration limits, supervisory and other requirements. These heightened regulatory obligations
could, individually or in the aggregate, adversely impact the Company s business and operations.   

Eaton Vance Management, BMR and Parametric are registered with
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) and the National Futures Association ( NFA ) as Commodity
Pool Operators and Commodity Trading Advisors; other subsidiaries of the Company claim exemptions from registration. In August
2013, the CFTC adopted rules for operators of registered mutual funds that are subject to registration as Commodity Pool Operators
generally allowing such commodity pools to comply with SEC disclosure, reporting and recordkeeping rules as the means of complying
with CFTC s similar requirements. These CFTC rules do not, however, relieve registered Commodity Pool Operators from compliance
with applicable anti-fraud provisions as well as certain performance reporting and recordkeeping requirements. The Company may
incur ongoing costs associated with monitoring compliance with these requirements, including, but not limited to, CFTC and NFA
registration and exemption obligations and the periodic reporting requirements of Commodity Pool Operators and Commodity Trading
Advisors. 

The Eaton Vance mutual funds, privately offered funds and separate
accounts that trade commodity interests are also regulated by the CFTC. In the event that Eaton Vance Management, BMR or Parametric
fails to comply with applicable requirements, the CFTC may suspend or revoke its registration, prohibit it from trading or doing
business with registered entities, impose civil penalties, require restitution and seek fines or imprisonment for criminal violations.
In the event that the Eaton Vance clients that trade commodity interests fail to comply with requirements applicable to their trading,
they would be subject to the foregoing remedies excluding suspension of license (provided they are not registered). In addition,
to the extent any of the 

entities trade on a futures exchange or Swap Execution Facility,
they would be subject to possible sanction for any violation of the facility s rules. 

EVTC is registered as a non-depository Maine Trust Company and
is subject to regulation by the State of Maine Bureau of Financial Institutions ( Bureau of Financial Institutions ).
EVTC is subject to certain capital requirements, as determined by the Examination Division of the Bureau of Financial Institutions.
At periodic intervals, regulators from the Bureau of Financial Institutions examine the Company s and EVTC s financial
condition as part of their legally prescribed oversight function. There were no violations by EVTC of these capital requirements
in fiscal 2016 or prior years. 

EVD is registered as a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act
and is subject to regulation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ), the SEC and other federal and
state agencies. EVD is subject to the SEC s net capital rule designed to enforce minimum standards regarding the general
financial condition and liquidity of broker-dealers. Under certain circumstances, this rule may limit our ability to make withdrawals
of capital and receive dividends from EVD. EVD s regulatory net capital consistently exceeded minimum net capital requirements
during fiscal 2016. The securities industry is one of the most highly regulated in the United States, and failure to comply with
related laws and regulations can result in the revocation of broker-dealer licenses, the imposition of censures or fines, and the
suspension or expulsion from the securities business of a firm, its officers or employees. 

EVMI has the permission of the Financial Conduct
Authority ( FCA ) to conduct a regulated business in the United Kingdom. EVMI s primary business purpose is to
distribute our investment products in Europe and certain other international markets. Under the Financial Services and Markets
Act of the United Kingdom, EVMI is subject to certain liquidity and capital requirements. Such requirements may limit our ability
to make withdrawals of capital from EVMI. In addition, failure to comply with such requirements could jeopardize EVMI s approval
to conduct business in the United Kingdom. There were no violations by EVMI of the liquidity and capital requirements in fiscal
2016 or prior years. 

EVAI has the permission of the Central Bank of Ireland to conduct
its business of providing management services to the Eaton Vance International (Ireland) Funds Plc. EVAI is subject to certain
liquidity and capital requirements. Such requirements may limit our ability to make withdrawals of capital from EVAI. There were
no violations by EVAI of the liquidity and capital requirements in fiscal 2016 or prior years. 

EVMIA has the permission of the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory
Authority ( ACRA ) to conduct a regulated business in Singapore. Under the Monetary Authority of Singapore, EVMIA is
subject to certain liquidity and capital requirements. Such requirements may limit our ability to make withdrawals of capital from
EVMIA. There were no violations by EVMIA of the liquidity and capital requirements in fiscal 2016 or prior years. 

Our officers, directors and employees may
from time to time own securities that are held by one or more of the funds and separate accounts we manage. Our internal policies
with respect to individual investments by investment professionals and other employees with access to investment information require
prior clearance of most types of transactions and reporting of all securities transactions, and restrict certain transactions to
help avoid the possibility of conflicts of interest. All employees are required to comply with all prospectus restrictions and
limitations on purchases, sales or exchanges of our mutual fund shares and to pre-clear purchases and sales of shares of our closed-end
funds. 

Geographic Information 

Certain financial information about the Company s geographic
areas is contained in Note 24 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Competition  

The investment management business is a highly competitive global
industry and we are subject to substantial competition in each of our principal product categories and distribution channels. There
are few barriers to entry for new firms and consolidation within the industry continues to alter the competitive landscape. According
to the Investment Company Institute, there were more than 850 investment managers at the end of calendar 2015 that competed in
the U.S. mutual fund market. We compete with these firms, many of which have substantially greater resources, on the basis of investment
performance, diversity of products, distribution capability, scope and quality of service, fees charged, reputation and the ability
to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. 

In the retail fund channel, we compete with other mutual fund
management, distribution and service companies that distribute through affiliated and unaffiliated sales forces, broker-dealers
and direct sales to the public. According to the Investment Company Institute, at the end of calendar 2015 there were almost 9,500
open-end registered funds of varying sizes and investment objectives whose shares were being offered to the public in the United
States. We rely primarily on intermediaries to distribute our products and pursue sales relationships with all types of intermediaries
to broaden our distribution network. A failure to maintain strong relationships with intermediaries that distribute our products
in the retail fund channel could adversely affect our gross and net sales, assets under management, revenue and financial condition. 

We are also subject to substantial competition in the retail
managed account channel from other investment management firms. Sponsors of retail managed account programs limit the number of
approved managers within their programs and firms compete based on investment performance and other considerations to win and maintain
positions in these programs. 

In the high-net-worth and institutional separate account channels,
we compete with other investment management firms based on the breadth of product offerings, investment performance, strength of
reputation and the scope and quality of client service. 

Employees  

On October 31, 2016, we and our controlled subsidiaries had
1,510 full-time and part-time employees. On October 31, 2015, the comparable number was 1,473. 

Available Information 

We make available free of charge our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such filing has been made with the SEC. Reports may be
viewed and obtained on our website at www.eatonvance.com, or by calling Investor Relations at 617-482-8260. We have included our
website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as inactive textual reference only. Information on our website is not incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The public may read and copy any of the materials we file with
the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. Information on the operation of the
Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains
reports, proxies and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

We are subject to substantial competition in all aspects
of our investment management business.   Our funds and separate accounts compete against a large number of investment products
and services sold to the public by investment management companies, investment dealers, banks, insurance companies and others.
Many institutions we compete with have greater financial resources than us and there are few barriers to entry. We compete with
these firms on the basis of investment performance, diversity of products, distribution capability, scope and quality of services,
reputation and the ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. To the extent
that current or potential customers decide to invest in products sponsored by our competitors, the sales of our products as well
as our market share, revenue and net income could decline. 

The investment management industry is highly competitive and
investment management customers are increasingly fee sensitive. In the event that competitors charge lower fees for substantially
similar products, we may be forced to compete on the basis of price in order to attract and retain customers. Rules and regulations
applicable to registered investment companies provide, in substance, that each investment advisory agreement between a fund and
its investment adviser continues in effect from year to year only if its continuation is approved at least annually by the fund s
board of trustees. Periodic review of fund advisory agreements could result in a reduction in the Company s advisory fee
revenues from funds. Fee reductions on existing or future business and/or the impact of evolving industry fee structures could
have an adverse impact on our future revenue and profitability. 

The inability to access clients through intermediaries
could have a material adverse effect on our business.   Our ability to market investment products is highly dependent on
access to the various distribution systems of national and regional securities dealer firms, which generally offer competing products
that could limit the distribution of our investment products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain access to
these intermediaries. The inability to have such access could have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent that
existing or potential customers, including securities broker-dealers, decide to invest in or broaden distribution relationships
with our competitors, the sales of our products as well as our market share, revenue and net income could decline. Certain intermediaries
with which we conduct business charge the Company fees to maintain access to their distribution networks. If we choose not to pay
such fees, our ability to distribute through those intermediaries would be limited. 

Our investment advisory agreements are subject to termination
on short notice or non-renewal.   We derive almost all of our revenue from investment advisory and administrative fees, distribution
income and service fees received from managed funds and separate accounts. As a result, we are dependent upon management contracts,
administrative contracts, distribution contracts, underwriting contracts or service contracts under which these fees are paid.
Generally, these contracts are terminable upon 30 to 60 days  notice without penalty. If any of these contracts are terminated,
not renewed, or amended to reduce fees, our financial results could be adversely affected. 

Our assets under management, which impact revenue, are
subject to significant fluctuations.   Our major sources of revenue, including investment advisory, administrative, distribution
and service fees, are generally calculated as percentages of assets under management. Fee rates for our investment products generally
vary by investment mandate (e.g., equity, fixed income, floating-rate income, alternative, portfolio implementation or exposure
management services) and vehicle (e.g., fund or separate account). An adverse change in asset mix by mandate or vehicle, independent
of our level of assets under management, may result in a decrease in our overall average effective fee rate, thereby reducing our
revenue and net income. Any decrease in the level of our assets under management generally would also reduce our revenue and net
income. Assets under management could decrease due to, among other things, a decline in securities prices, a decline in the sales
of our investment products, an increase in open-end fund redemptions or client withdrawals, repurchases of or other reductions
in closed-end fund shares outstanding, or reductions in leverage used by investment vehicles. Adverse market conditions and/or
lack of investor confidence in the financial markets could lead to a decrease in investor risk tolerance. A decrease in investor
risk tolerance could result in investors withdrawing from markets or decreasing their rate of investment, thereby reducing our
overall assets under management and adversely affecting our revenue, earnings and growth prospects. Changes in investor risk tolerance
could also result in investor allocation away from higher-fee products to lower-fee products, which could adversely affect our
revenue and earnings. Our overall assets under management may not change in tandem with overall market conditions, as changes in
our total assets under management may lag improvements or declines in the market based upon product mix and investment performance. 

Poor investment performance of our products could affect
our sales or reduce the amount of assets under management, negatively impacting revenue and net income.   Investment performance
is critical to our success. Poor investment performance on an absolute basis or as compared to third-party benchmarks or competitor
products could lead to a decrease in sales and stimulate higher redemptions, thereby lowering the amount of assets under management
and reducing the investment advisory fees we earn. A decline in investment performance of any investment franchise could have a
material adverse effect on the level of assets under management, revenue and net income of that franchise. Past or present performance
in the investment products we manage is not indicative of future performance. 

Our clients can withdraw the assets we manage on short
notice, making our future client and revenue base unpredictable  . Our open-end fund clients generally may redeem their investments
in these funds each business day without prior notice. While not subject to daily redemption, closed-end funds that we manage may
shrink in size due to repurchases of shares in open-market transactions or pursuant to tender offers, or in connection with distributions
in excess of realized returns. Institutional and individual separate account clients can terminate their relationships with us
generally at any time. In a declining stock market, the pace of open-end fund redemptions could accelerate. Poor performance relative
to other asset management firms can result in decreased purchases of open-end fund shares, increased redemptions of open-end fund
shares, and the loss of institutional or individual separate accounts. The decrease in revenue that could result from any of these
events could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We could be impacted by counterparty or client defaults  .
As we have seen in periods of significant market volatility, the deteriorating financial condition of one financial institution
may materially and adversely impact the performance of others. We, and the funds and accounts we manage, have exposure to many
different counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties across the financial industry. We, and the funds
and accounts we manage, may be exposed to credit, operational or other risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client,
or in the event of other unrelated systemic market failures. 

Our success depends on key personnel and our financial
performance could be negatively affected by the loss of their services  . Our success depends upon our ability to attract,
retain and motivate qualified portfolio managers, analysts, investment counselors, sales and management personnel and other key
professionals, including our executive officers. Our key employees generally do not have employment contracts and may voluntarily
terminate their employment at any time. Certain senior executives and the non-employee members of our Board of Directors are subject
to our mandatory retirement policy at age 65 and age 72, respectively. The loss of the services of key personnel or our failure
to attract replacement or additional qualified personnel could negatively affect our financial performance. An increase in compensation
to attract or retain personnel could result in a decrease in net income. 

Our expenses are subject to fluctuations that could materially
affect our operating results.   Our results of operations are dependent on our level of expenses, which can vary significantly
from period to period. Our expenses may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, variations in the level of compensation,
expenses incurred to support distribution of our investment products, expenses incurred to develop new products and franchises,
expenses incurred to enhance our infrastructure (including technology and compliance) and impairments of intangible assets or goodwill.
Increases in our level of expenses, or our inability to reduce our level of expenses when necessary, could materially affect our
operating results. 

Our business is subject to operational risk.   In
the management and administration of funds and client accounts, we are subject to the risk that we commit errors that cause the
Company to incur financial losses and damage our reputation. Because they involve large numbers of accounts and operate at generally
low fee rates, our portfolio implementation and exposure management services businesses may be particularly susceptible to losses
from operational or trading errors. 

Our reputation could be damaged .  We have built
a reputation of high integrity, prudent investment management and superior client service. Our reputation is extremely important
to our success. Any damage to our reputation could result in client withdrawals from funds or separate accounts that are advised
by us and ultimately impede our ability to attract and retain key personnel. The loss of either client relationships or key personnel
due to damage to our reputation could reduce the amount of assets under management and cause us to suffer a loss in revenue or
a reduction in net income. 

Success of our NextShares initiative is highly uncertain.  
In recent years, the Company has devoted substantial resources to the development of NextShares exchange-traded managed funds,
a new type of actively managed fund designed to provide better performance for investors. The Company made progress advancing its
NextShares initiative in fiscal 2016, and expects to continue the staged introduction of NextShares funds in fiscal 2017. Broad
market adoption and commercial success requires the development of expanded distribution, the launch of NextShares by other fund
sponsors and acceptance by market participants, which cannot be assured. 

Support provided to new products may reduce fee income,
increase expenses and expose us to potential loss on invested capital.   We may support the development of new investment
products by waiving all or a portion of the fees we receive for managing such products, by subsidizing expenses or by making seed
capital investments. Seed investments in new products utilize Company capital that would otherwise be available for general corporate
purposes and expose us to capital losses to the extent that realized investment losses are not offset by hedging gains. The risk
of loss may be greater for seed capital investments that are not hedged, or if an intended hedge does not perform as expected.
Failure to have or devote sufficient capital to support new products could have an adverse impact on our future growth. 

We may need to raise additional capital or refinance existing
debt in the future, and resources may not be available to us in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms.   Significant
future demands on our capital include contractual obligations to service our debt, satisfy the terms of non-cancelable operating
leases and purchase non-controlling interests in our majority-owned subsidiaries as described more fully in Contractual Obligations
in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and in Note 10 in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although we believe our existing liquid assets, cash
flows from operations and borrowing capacity under our credit facility are sufficient to meet our current and forecasted operating
cash needs, our ability to satisfy our long-term contractual obligations may be dependent on our ability to access capital markets.
Our ability to access capital markets efficiently depends on a number of factors, including the state of global credit and equity
markets, interest rates, credit spreads and our credit ratings. If we are unable to access capital markets to issue new debt, refinance
existing debt or sell shares of our Non-Voting Common Stock as needed, or if we are unable to obtain such financing on acceptable
terms, our business could be adversely impacted. 

We could be subject to losses and reputational harm if
we, or our agents, fail to properly safeguard sensitive and confidential information or as a result of cyber attacks.   We
are dependent on the effectiveness of our information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities to protect our computer
and telecommunications systems and the data that resides in or is transmitted through such systems. As part of our normal operations,
we maintain and transmit confidential information about our clients and employees as well as proprietary information relating to
our business operations. We maintain a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that fraudulent activity,
including misappropriation of assets, fraudulent financial reporting and unauthorized access to sensitive or confidential data,
is either prevented or detected on a timely basis. Nevertheless, all technology systems remain vulnerable to unauthorized access
and may be corrupted by cyber attacks, computer viruses or other malicious software code, the nature of which threats are constantly
evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated. In addition, authorized persons could inadvertently or intentionally release
confidential or proprietary information. Although we take precautions to password protect and encrypt our mobile electronic hardware,
if such hardware is stolen, misplaced or left unattended, it may become vulnerable to hacking or other unauthorized use, creating
a possible security risk and resulting in potentially costly actions by us. Breach or other failure of our technology systems,
including those of third parties with which we do business, or failure to timely and effectively identify and respond to any such
breach or failure, could result in the loss of valuable information, liability for stolen assets or information, remediation costs
to repair damage caused by the incident, additional security costs to mitigate against future incidents and litigation costs resulting
from the incident. Moreover, loss of confidential customer identification information could harm our reputation, result in the
termination of contracts by our existing customers and subject us to liability under laws that protect confidential personal data,
resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues. Recent well-publicized security breaches at other companies have led to enhanced
government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cyber attacks, and may in the future result
in heightened cyber security requirements, including additional regulatory expectations for oversight of vendors and service providers. 

Failure to maintain adequate infrastructure could impede
our productivity and ability to support business growth.   Our infrastructure, including our technological capacity, data
centers and office space, is vital to the operations and competitiveness of our business. The failure to maintain an infrastructure
commensurate with the size and scope of our business, including any expansion, could impede our productivity and growth, which
could result in a decline in our earnings. 

Failure to maintain adequate business continuity plans
could have a material adverse impact on us and our products.   Significant portions of our business operations and those
of our critical third-party service providers are concentrated in a few geographic areas, including Boston, Massachusetts and Seattle,
Washington. Critical 

operations that are geographically concentrated in Boston and/or
Seattle include trading operations, information technology, fund administration, and custody and portfolio accounting services
for the Company s products. Should we, or any of our critical service providers, experience a significant local or regional
disaster or other business continuity problem, our continued success will depend in part on the safety and availability of our
personnel, our office facilities, and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations.
The failure by us, or any of our critical service providers, to maintain updated adequate business continuity plans, including
backup facilities, could impede our ability to operate in the event of a disruption, which could cause our earnings to decline.
We have developed various backup systems and contingency plans but we cannot be assured that they will be adequate in all circumstances
that could arise or that material interruptions and disruptions will not occur. In addition, we rely to varying degrees on outside
vendors for disaster contingency support, and we cannot be assured that these vendors will be able to perform in an adequate and
timely manner. If we, or any of our critical service providers, are unable to respond adequately to such an event in a timely manner,
we may be unable to continue our business operations, which could lead to a damaged reputation and loss of customers that results
in a decrease in assets under management, lower revenues and reduced net income. 

We pursue growth in the United States and abroad in part
through acquisitions, which exposes us to risks inherent in assimilating new operations, expanding into new jurisdictions and executing
on new development opportunities.    Our growth strategy is based in part on the selective development or acquisition
of asset management or related businesses that we believe will add value to our business and generate positive net returns. 
This strategy may not be effective, and failure to successfully develop and implement such a strategy may decrease earnings and
harm the Company s competitive position in the investment management industry. We cannot guarantee that we will identify
and consummate any such transactions on acceptable terms or have sufficient resources to accomplish such a strategy. In addition,
any strategic transaction, such as our pending acquisition of the business assets of Calvert, can involve a number of risks, including
additional demands on our staff; unanticipated problems regarding integration of operating facilities, technologies and new employees;
and the existence of liabilities or contingencies not disclosed to or otherwise known by us prior to closing a transaction. 
As a result, the Company may not be able to realize all of the benefits that it hoped to achieve from such transactions. 
In addition, we may be required to spend additional time or money on integration that would otherwise be spent on the development
and expansion of our business and services .   

Expansion into international markets and the introduction
of new products and/or services increases our operational, regulatory and other risks.   We continue to increase our product
offerings and international business activities. As a result of such expansion, we face increased operational, regulatory, compliance
and reputational risks. The failure of our compliance and internal control systems to properly mitigate such additional risks,
or of our operating infrastructure to support such expansion, could result in operational failures and regulatory fines or sanctions.
Our operations in the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area, Australia and Singapore are subject to significant compliance,
disclosure and other obligations. We incur additional costs to satisfy the requirements of the European Union Directive on Undertakings
for Collective Investments in Transferable Securities, the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive and the Markets in Financial
Instruments Directive (together, the  Directives ). The Directives may also limit our operating flexibility and impact
our ability to expand in European markets. Activity in international markets also exposes us to fluctuations in currency exchange
rates, which may adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of revenues, expenses and assets associated with our business activities
outside the United States. Actual and anticipated changes in current exchange rates may also adversely affect international demand
for our investment products and services, most of which represent investments primarily in U.S. dollar-based assets. Because certain
of our costs to support international business activities are based in local currencies, the profitability of such activities 

in U.S. dollar terms may be adversely affected by a weakening
of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies in which we derive significant revenues. 

Legal and regulatory developments affecting the investment
industry could increase our regulatory costs and/or reduce our revenues.   Our business is subject to complex and extensive
regulation by various regulatory authorities in jurisdictions around the world. This regulatory environment may be altered without
notice by new laws or regulations, revisions to existing regulations or new interpretations or guidance. Global financial regulatory
reform initiatives may result in more stringent regulation, and changes in laws or regulations and their application to us could
have a material adverse impact on our business, our profitability and mode of operations. In recent years, regulators in both the
United States and abroad have increased oversight of the financial sector of the economy. Some of the newly adopted and proposed
regulations are focused directly on the investment management industry, while others are more broadly focused, but impact our industry.
It is uncertain how regulatory trends will be affected by the administration of the next U.S. President. 

Under a final rule and interpretive guidance issued by FSOC
in April 2012, certain non-bank financial institutions have been designated for the Federal Reserve s supervision as SIFIs.
Additional non-bank financial companies, which may include large asset management companies such as us, may be designated as SIFIs
in the future. If we are designated a SIFI, we would be subject to enhanced prudential measures, which could include capital and
liquidity requirements, leverage limits, enhanced public disclosures and risk management requirements, annual stress testing by
the Federal Reserve, credit exposure and concentration limits, supervisory and other requirements. These heightened regulatory
obligations could, individually or in the aggregate, adversely impact our business and operations.   

Eaton Vance Management, BMR and Parametric are registered with
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) and the National Futures Association ( NFA ) as Commodity
Pool Operators and Commodity Trading Advisors; other subsidiaries of the Company claim exemptions from registration. In August
2013, the CFTC adopted rules for operators of registered mutual funds that are subject to registration as Commodity Pool Operators
generally allowing such commodity pools to comply with SEC disclosure, reporting and recordkeeping rules as the means of complying
with CFTC s similar requirements. These CFTC rules do not, however, relieve registered Commodity Pool Operators from compliance
with applicable anti-fraud provisions as well as certain performance reporting and recordkeeping requirements. The Company may
incur ongoing costs associated with monitoring compliance with these requirements, including, but not limited to, CFTC and NFA
registration and exemption obligations and the periodic reporting requirements of Commodity Pool Operators and Commodity Trading
Advisors. 

Recent regulations promulgated under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( Dodd-Frank Act ) require many types of derivatives that have been traded over-the-counter
to be executed in regulated markets and submitted for clearing to regulated clearinghouses. Complying with the new regulations
may significantly increase the costs of derivatives trading on behalf of our clients. The Dodd-Frank Act also expanded the CFTC s
authority to limit the maximum long or short position that any person may take in futures contracts, options on futures contracts
and certain swaps. Final rules implementing this authority may be adopted by the CFTC that could require all accounts owned or
managed by Commodity Trading Advisors like Eaton Vance Management or BMR to be aggregated towards such  speculative position
limits.  Complying with these rules may adversely affect the Company s financial condition or performance by requiring
changes to existing strategies or preventing an investment strategy from being fully implemented. 

Certain of our subsidiaries are required to file quarterly reports
on Form PF for private funds they manage, pursuant to systemic risk reporting requirements adopted by the SEC. These filings require
significant investments in people and systems to ensure timely and accurate reporting. Further investment will be 

necessary in the coming years as we implement rules adopted
by the SEC in 2016 that amended Form ADV and established Form N-PORT to require additional reporting for the separate accounts
and Registered Funds we manage, respectively. 

Effective December 24, 2016, all securitization transactions
will be subject to risk retention rules, requiring the Company to hold interests equal to at least 5 percent of the credit risk
of the assets of any new CLO entities that we manage (unless the CLO entity invests only in certain qualifying loans) and limiting
the Company s ability to sell or hedge those interests. The new mandatory risk retention requirement for CLO entities may
result in the Company having to invest money to launch new CLO entities that would otherwise be available for other uses. Such
investments would also subject the Company to exposure to the underlying performance of the assets of the CLO entities and could
have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 

In 2016, the U.S. Department of Labor finalized changes to definitions
and rules related to fiduciaries. These changes may materially impact how advice can be provided to retirement account holders
in 401(k) plans, individual retirement accounts and other qualified retirement programs. We may need to modify our interactions
or limit distribution to retirement plans, which could negatively affect our results of operations. Our revenues and expenses may
also be adversely affected by the new rule adopted in 2016 by the SEC to address liquidity risk management by registered open-end
funds and the new rule proposed in 2015 to address use of derivatives by registered open-end and closed-end funds. These rules
could limit investment opportunities for certain funds we manage and increase our management and administration costs. 

All of these new and developing laws and regulations will likely
result in greater compliance and administrative burdens on us, increasing our expenses. 

Our business is subject to risk from regulatory investigation,
potential securities laws, liability and litigation  . We are subject to federal securities laws, state laws regarding
securities fraud, other federal and state laws and rules, and regulations of certain regulatory, self-regulatory and other organizations,
including, among others, the SEC, FINRA, the CFTC, the NFA, the FCA and the New York Stock Exchange. While we have focused significant
attention and resources on the development and implementation of compliance policies, procedures and practices, non-compliance
with applicable laws, rules or regulations, either in the United States or abroad, or our inability to adapt to a complex and ever-changing
regulatory environment could result in sanctions against us, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, revenue and
earnings. From time to time, various claims or potential claims against us arise in the ordinary course of business, including
employment related claims. We carry insurance in amounts and under terms that we believe are appropriate. We cannot guarantee that
our insurance will cover most liabilities and losses to which we may be exposed, or that our insurance policies will continue to
be available at acceptable terms and fees. Certain insurance coverage may not be available or may be prohibitively expensive in
future periods. As our insurance policies come up for renewal, we may need to assume higher deductibles or pay higher premiums,
which would increase our expenses and reduce our net income. 

Changes in corporate tax laws or exposure to additional
income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity.   Tax
authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. We regularly assess the likely outcomes
of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. However, there can be no assurance that we will
accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our financial
statements. We are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions, including several states. Changes in tax laws or tax
rulings could materially impact our effective tax rate. 

We could be impacted by changes in tax policy.  
Changes in U.S. tax policy may affect us to a greater degree than many of our competitors because we manage significant assets
in funds and separate accounts with an after-tax return objective. A decrease in income tax rates could have an adverse impact
on our municipal income and tax-managed equity businesses. Changes in tax policy could also adversely affect our privately offered
equity funds. 

Our Non-Voting Common Stock lacks voting rights.   
Our Non-Voting Common Stock has no voting rights under any circumstances. All voting power resides with our Voting Common Stock,
all shares of which are held by officers of the Company and our subsidiaries and deposited in a voting trust (the  Voting
Trust ) in exchange for Voting Trust Receipts. As of October 31, 2016, there were 23 holders of Voting Trust Receipts representing
Voting Common Stock, each holder of which is a Voting Trustee of the Voting Trust. Holders of Non-Voting Common Stock should understand
that such ownership interests have no ability to vote in the election of the Company s Board of Directors or otherwise to
influence the Company s management and strategic direction. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We conduct our principal operations through leased offices located
in Boston, Massachusetts; Atlanta, Georgia; Minneapolis, Minnesota; New York, New York; Seattle, Washington; Westport, Connecticut;
London, England; Singapore; Sydney, Australia; and Tokyo, Japan. For more information, please see Note 20 of our Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are party to various legal proceedings that are incidental
to our business. We believe these legal proceedings will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Price Range of Non-Voting Common Stock,
Dividend History and Policy  

Our Voting Common Stock, $0.00390625 par value, is not publicly
traded, and was held as of October 31, 2016 by 23 Voting Trustees pursuant to the Voting Trust described in Item 12 hereof, which
Item is incorporated herein by reference. Dividends on our Voting Common Stock are paid quarterly and are equal to the dividends
paid on our Non-Voting Common Stock (see below). 

Our Non-Voting Common Stock, $0.00390625 par value, is listed
on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol EV. The approximate number of registered holders of record of our Non-Voting Common
Stock at October 31, 2016 was 890. The high and low common stock sales prices and dividends declared per share were as follows
for the periods indicated: 

We currently expect to declare and pay quarterly dividends on
our Voting and Non-Voting Common Stock that are comparable to those declared in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. 

Performance Graph  

The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder
return on our Non-Voting Common Stock for the period from November 1, 2011 through October 31, 2016 to that of the Morningstar
Financial Services Sector Index and the Standard   Poor s 500 Stock Index ( S P 500 Index ) over the
same period. The comparison assumes $100 was invested on October 31, 2011 in our Non-Voting Common Stock and the compared indices
at the closing price on that day and assumes reinvestments of all dividends paid over the period. 

Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Shareholder Return

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers  

The table below sets forth information regarding purchases by
the Company of our Non-Voting Common Stock on a monthly basis during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016: 

(1)     We announced a share repurchase program on January 13, 2016, which authorized the repurchase of up to 8,000,000 shares of
our Non-Voting Common Stock in the open market and in private transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws. This
repurchase program is not subject to an expiration date.    

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

The following table contains selected financial data for the
last five years. This data should be read in conjunction with  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  included in Item 7 and our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(1)     Net income and net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders reflects a one-time payment of $73.0 million to
terminate service and additional compensation arrangements in place with a major distribution partner for certain Eaton Vance closed-end
funds in fiscal 2015.     

(3)     Represents a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure. The Company defines adjusted net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp.
shareholders and adjusted earnings per diluted share as net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and earnings
per diluted share, respectively, adjusted to exclude changes in the estimated redemption value of non-controlling interests in
our affiliates redeemable at other than fair value ( non-controlling interest value adjustments ), closed-end fund
structuring fees, payments to end closed-end fund service and additional compensation arrangements and other items management deems
non-recurring or non-operating in nature, or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business (such as special dividends, costs
associated with the extinguishment of debt and tax settlements). Adjusted net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders
and adjusted earnings per diluted share should not be construed to be a substitute for, or superior to, net income attributable
to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and earnings per diluted share computed in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Our use of these adjusted numbers, including reconciliations of net income attributable to Eaton
Vance Corp. shareholders to adjusted net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and earnings per diluted share to
adjusted earnings per diluted share, is discussed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations  in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Overview 

Our principal business is managing investment funds and providing
investment management and advisory services to high-net-worth individuals and institutions. Our core strategy is to develop and
sustain management expertise across a range of investment disciplines and to offer leading investment products and services through
multiple distribution channels. In executing this strategy, we have developed broadly diversified investment management capabilities
and a highly functional marketing, distribution and customer service organization. Although we manage and distribute a wide range
of investment products and services, we operate in one business segment, namely as an investment adviser to funds and separate
accounts. 

Through our subsidiaries Eaton Vance Management and Atlanta
Capital Management Company, LLC ( Atlanta Capital ) and other affiliates, we manage active equity, income and alternative
strategies across a range of investment styles and asset classes, including U.S. and global equities, floating-rate bank loans,
municipal bonds, global income, high-yield and investment grade bonds. Through our subsidiary Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
( Parametric ), we manage a range of engineered alpha strategies, including systematic equity, systematic alternatives
and managed options strategies. Through Parametric, we also provide portfolio implementation and overlay services, including tax-managed
and non-tax-managed custom core equity strategies, centralized portfolio management of multi-manager portfolios and customized
exposure management services. We also oversee the management of, and distribute, investment funds sub-advised by unaffiliated third-party
managers, including global and regional equity and asset allocation strategies. Our breadth of investment management capabilities
supports a wide range of products and services offered to fund shareholders, retail managed account investors, institutional investors
and high-net-worth clients. Our equity strategies encompass a diversity of investment objectives, risk profiles, income levels
and geographic representation. Our income investment strategies cover a broad duration and credit quality range and encompass both
taxable and tax-free investments. We also offer a range of alternative investment strategies, including 

commodity- and currency-based investments and a spectrum of
absolute return strategies. As of October 31, 2016, we had $336.4 billion in consolidated assets under management. 

We distribute our funds and retail managed accounts principally
through financial intermediaries. We have broad market reach, with distribution partners including national and regional broker-dealers,
independent broker-dealers, registered investment advisors, banks and insurance companies. We support these distribution partners
with a team of approximately 120 sales professionals covering U.S. and international markets. 

We also commit significant resources to serving institutional
and high-net-worth clients who access investment management services on a direct basis and through investment consultants. Through
our wholly owned affiliates and consolidated subsidiaries, we manage investments for a broad range of clients in the institutional
and high-net-worth marketplace in the U.S. and internationally, including corporations, sovereign wealth funds, endowments, foundations,
family offices and public and private employee retirement plans. 

Our revenue is derived primarily from investment advisory, administrative,
distribution and service fees received from Eaton Vance and Parametric funds and investment advisory fees received from separate
accounts. Our fees are based primarily on the value of the investment portfolios we manage and fluctuate with changes in the total
value and mix of assets under management. As a matter of course, investors in our sponsored open-end funds and separate accounts
have the ability to redeem their investments at any time, without prior notice, and there are no material restrictions that would
prevent them from doing so. Our major expenses are employee compensation, distribution-related expenses, facilities expense and
information technology expense. 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows is based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and
related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related
to goodwill and intangible assets, income taxes, investments and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under current circumstances, the results of which form the
basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Business Developments  

Please see  Recent Developments  within Item 1,
 Business,  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of recent developments in our business. 

Consolidated Assets under Management  

Prevailing equity and income market conditions and investor
sentiment affect the sales and redemptions of our investment products, managed asset levels, operating results and the recoverability
of our investments. During fiscal 2016, the S P 500 Index, a broad measure of U.S. equity market performance, had total returns
of 2.3 percent and the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index, a broad measure of U.S. bond market performance, had total returns of
4.4 percent. Over the same period, the MSCI Emerging Market Index, a broad measure of emerging market equity performance, had total
returns of 6.8 percent. 

Consolidated assets under management of $336.4
billion on October 31, 2016 increased $25.0 billion, or 8 percent, from the $311.4 billion of consolidated assets under management
on October 31, 2015. Consolidated net inflows of $19.3 billion in fiscal 2016 represent a 6 percent annualized internal growth
rate (consolidated net inflows divided by beginning of period consolidated assets under management). For comparison, the Company
had consolidated net inflows of $16.7 billion and $2.8 billion in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively, representing a 6 percent
and 1 percent annualized internal growth rate, respectively. Market price inclines in managed assets increased consolidated assets
under management by $5.8 billion in fiscal 2016. Average consolidated assets under management of $320.9 billion for the year ended
October 31, 2016 increased $17.1 billion, or 6 percent, from the $303.8 billion of average consolidated assets under management
for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015. 

The following tables summarize our consolidated
assets under management by investment mandate, investment vehicle and investment affiliate as of October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Within the investment mandate table, the  Portfolio Implementation  category consists of Parametric s custom
core equity strategies and centralized portfolio management services, and the  Exposure Management  category consists
of Parametric s futures- and options-based customized exposure management services. 

Consolidated Assets Under Management by Investment Mandate (1)
(2)    

(1)     Consolidated Eaton Vance Corp. See table on page 35
for managed assets and flows of 49 percent-owned Hexavest Inc., which are not included in the table above.  

(2)     Assets under management for which we estimate fair value
using significant unobservable inputs are not material to the total value of the assets we manage.  

(3)     Includes assets in balanced and multi-asset mandates.  

(4)     Includes assets in cash management accounts.  

(5)     Portfolio implementation and exposure management categories
were reported as a single category, implementation services, in fiscal 2014.  

Equity assets under management included $31.4
billion, $31.7 billion and $31.7 billion of assets managed for after-tax returns on October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Portfolio implementation assets under management included $48.5 billion, $40.0 billion and $34.1 billion of assets managed for
after-tax returns on October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Fixed income assets included $36.1 billion, $30.3 billion and
$27.4 billion of municipal income assets on October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Consolidated Assets Under Management by Investment Vehicle  (1)     

(1)     Consolidated Eaton Vance Corp. See table on page 35
for managed assets and flows of 49 percent-owned Hexavest Inc., which are not included in the table above.  

(2)     Includes assets in NextShares funds.  

(3)     Includes privately offered equity, fixed income and
floating-rate income funds and CLO entities.  

(4)     Includes unit investment trusts.  

The following table summarizes our assets
under management by investment affiliate as of October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Consolidated Assets Under Management by Investment Affiliate
  (1)     

(1)     Consolidated Eaton Vance Corp. See table on page 35
for managed assets and flows of 49 percent-owned Hexavest Inc., which are not included in the table above.  

(2)     Includes managed assets of wholly owned subsidiaries
and Eaton Vance-sponsored funds and accounts managed by Hexavest and unaffiliated third-party advisers under Eaton Vance supervision.  

The following tables summarize our consolidated
assets under management and asset flows by investment mandate and investment vehicle for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014: 

(1)     Consolidated Eaton Vance Corp. See table on page 35
for managed assets and flows of 49 percent-owned Hexavest Inc., which are not included in the table above.  

(2)     Includes assets in balanced accounts holding income
securities.  

(3)     Not meaningful ( NM ).  

(4)     Includes assets in cash management accounts.  

(5)     Portfolio implementation and exposure management categories
were reported as a single category, implementation services, in fiscal 2014.  

(1)     Consolidated Eaton Vance Corp. See table on page 35
for managed assets and flows of 49 percent-owned Hexavest Inc., which are not included in the table above.  

(2)     Includes assets in cash management funds.  

As of October 31, 2016, 49 percent-owned affiliate Hexavest
Inc. ( Hexavest ) managed $13.7 billion of client assets, a decrease of 1 percent from $13.9 billion of managed assets
on October 31, 2015. Other than Eaton Vance-sponsored funds for which Hexavest is adviser or sub-adviser, the managed assets of
Hexavest are not included in Eaton Vance consolidated totals. 

The following table summarizes assets under management and asset
flow information for Hexavest for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

(1)     Managed assets and flows of Eaton Vance-sponsored pooled
investment vehicles for which Hexavest is adviser or sub-adviser. Eaton Vance receives management and/or distribution revenue
on these assets, which are included in the Eaton Vance consolidated results.  

(2)     Managed assets and flows of Eaton Vance-distributed
separate accounts managed by Hexavest. Eaton Vance receives distribution revenue, but not investment advisory fees, on these assets,
which are not included in the Eaton Vance consolidated results.  

(3)     Managed assets and flows of pre-transaction Hexavest
clients and post-transaction Hexavest clients in Canada. Eaton Vance receives no investment advisory or distribution revenue on
these assets, which are not included in the Eaton Vance consolidated results.  

Consolidated average assets under management presented in the
following tables are derived by averaging the beginning and ending assets of each month over the period. These tables are intended
to provide information useful in the analysis of our asset-based revenue and distribution expenses. Separate account investment
advisory fees are generally calculated as a percentage of either beginning, average or ending quarterly assets. Fund investment
advisory, administrative, distribution and service fees, as well as certain expenses, are generally calculated as a percentage
of average daily assets. 

(1)     Includes assets in balanced and multi-asset mandates.  

(2)     Includes assets in cash management accounts.  

(1)     Includes NextShares funds.  

(2)     Includes privately offered equity, fixed income and
floating-rate income funds and CLO entities.  

(3)     Includes unit investment trusts.  

Results of Operations  

In evaluating operating performance, we consider net income
attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and earnings per diluted share, which are calculated on a basis consistent with
U.S. GAAP, as well as adjusted net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and adjusted earnings per diluted share,
both of which are internally derived non-U.S. GAAP performance measures. 

We define adjusted net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp.
shareholders and adjusted earnings per diluted share as net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and earnings
per diluted share, respectively, adjusted to exclude changes in the estimated redemption value of non-controlling interests in
our affiliates redeemable at other than fair value ( non-controlling interest value adjustments ), closed-end fund
structuring fees, payments to end service and additional compensation arrangements in place for certain Eaton Vance closed-end
funds and other items management deems non-recurring or non-operating in nature, or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business
(such as the impact of special dividends, costs associated with the extinguishment of debt and tax settlements). Adjusted net income
attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and adjusted earnings per diluted share should not be construed to be a substitute
for, or superior to, net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and earnings per diluted share computed in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. We provide disclosures of adjusted net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and adjusted earnings
per diluted share to reflect the fact that our management and Board of Directors, as well as our investors, consider these adjusted
numbers a measure of the Company s underlying operating performance. Management believes adjusted net income attributable
to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and adjusted earnings per diluted share are important indicators of our operations because they
exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our core operating results, and may provide a useful baseline
for analyzing trends in our underlying business. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of net income
attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders and earnings per diluted share to adjusted net income attributable to Eaton Vance
Corp. shareholders and adjusted earnings per diluted share, respectively, for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014: 

(1)      Please see page 46  Net
Income Attributable to Non-controlling and Other Beneficial Interests,  for a further discussion of the non-controlling interest
value adjustments referenced above.   

(2)      Reflects a $73.0 million
payment to end certain fund services and additional compensation arrangements for certain Eaton Vance closed-end funds, net of
the associated impact to taxes of $28.1 million calculated using the Company's effective tax rate. See page 43 for further discussion.   

(3)      Reflects structuring fees
of $2.3 million paid in connection with the May 2016 initial public offering of Eaton Vance High Income 2021 Target Term Trust,
net of the associated impact to taxes of $0.9 million calculated using the Company's effective tax rate.   

The 5 percent increase in net income attributable
to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 can be attributed primarily to the following: 

A decrease in revenue of $60.7 million, or
4 percent, primarily reflecting lower average managed assets in higher fee-rate floating-rate income, alternative and equity mandates,
partially offset by growth in lower fee-rate exposure management, portfolio implementation and laddered bond mandates.     

A decrease in expenses of $74.5 million,
or 7 percent, reflecting lower distribution fees and service fees, partially offset by increases in compensation, amortization
of deferred sales commissions and other corporate expenses. The decrease in distribution expense relates principally to the payment
of $73.0 million to terminate certain closed-end fund service and additional compensation arrangements in fiscal 2015.     

A $12.4 million increase in gains (losses)
and other investment income, net, primarily reflecting increases in net gains and interest and other income recognized on our seed
capital portfolio.     

A $12.5 million increase in income related
to the Company s consolidated CLO entities.     

An increase in income taxes of $10.4 million,
or 7 percent, reflecting an increase in the Company s income before taxes. Consolidated CLO entity income that is allocated
to other beneficial interest holders is not subject to tax in the Company s provision.     

A decrease in equity in net income of affiliates,
net of tax, of $1.7 million, reflecting a decrease in the Company s proportionate net interest in the earnings of Hexavest
and sponsored funds accounted for under the equity method.    

An increase in net income attributable to
non-controlling interests of $15.6 million, primarily reflecting an increase in net income of the Company s consolidated
CLO entities that are borne by other beneficial interests and a decrease in net losses attributable to non-controlling interest
holders in the Company s consolidated sponsored funds, partially offset by a decrease in net income attributable to non-controlling
interest holders in the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries.    

Weighted average diluted shares outstanding
decreased by 4.2 million shares, or 4 percent, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. The change reflects the impact of shares
repurchased over the course of the fiscal year and lower dilutive impact of unexercised options, partially offset by the impact
of employee stock option exercises and the annual vesting of restricted stock. 

The 24 percent decrease in net income attributable
to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 can be attributed primarily to the following: 

A decrease in revenue of $46.7 million, or
3 percent, primarily reflecting lower average managed assets in higher fee-rate floating-rate income, alternative and equity mandates,
partially offset by growth in lower fee-rate exposure management, portfolio implementation and fixed income mandates.     

An increase in expenses of $72.7 million,
or 8 percent, primarily reflecting the payment of $73.0 million to terminate certain closed-end fund service and additional compensation
arrangements in the     

first quarter of fiscal 2015. Year-over-year
increases in compensation and other corporate expenses were largely offset by decreases in other distribution expenses, including
the amortization of deferred sales commissions and service fee expenses. 

A $1.2 million decline in gains (losses)
and other investment income, net, primarily reflecting increases in net losses recognized on our seed capital portfolio, offset
by an increase in interest and other income recognized on our seed capital portfolio.     

A $1.7 million decline in income (expense)
of the Company s consolidated CLO entities.    

A decrease in income taxes of $43.5 million,
or 23 percent, reflecting an increase in the Company s income before taxes.     

A decrease in equity in net income of affiliates,
net of tax, of $4.7 million, reflecting a decrease in the Company s net interest in the earnings of sponsored funds accounted
for under the equity method.    

A decrease in net income attributable to
non-controlling interests of $9.0 million, reflecting a decrease in the annual adjustments made to the estimated redemption value
of non-controlling interests in the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries redeemable at other than fair value, an increase
in net losses recognized by the Company s consolidated CLO entities that are borne by other beneficial interests and an increase
in net losses attributable to non-controlling interest holders in the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries, offset by an
increase in net income attributable to non-controlling interest holders in the Company s consolidated sponsored funds.    

Weighted average diluted shares outstanding
decreased by 3.4 million shares, or 3 percent, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. The change reflects the impact of shares
repurchased over the course of the fiscal year, partially offset by the impact of employee stock option exercises and the annual
vesting of restricted stock. 

Revenue 

Our revenue declined by 4 percent in fiscal
2016, reflecting lower investment advisory and administrative fees, distribution and underwriter fees, service fees and other revenue.
Fee revenue declined despite a 6 percent increase in average consolidated assets under management, as the revenue impact of growth
in lower fee-rate exposure management, portfolio implementation and fixed income mandates was more than offset by lower average
managed assets in higher fee-rate floating-rate income, alternative and equity mandates. 

The following table shows our investment advisory
and administrative fees, distribution and underwriter fees, service fees and other revenue for the fiscal years ended October 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Investment advisory and administrative
fees  

 The decrease in investment advisory and administrative
fees of 4 percent in fiscal 2016 and 3 percent in fiscal 2015 can be attributed primarily to the loss of assets in higher-fee investment
mandates. Our average annualized effective investment advisory and administrative fee rate, excluding performance-based fees, declined
to 35.8 basis points in fiscal 2016 from 39.3 basis points in fiscal 2015 and 42.4 basis points in fiscal 2014. 

Average annualized effective investment advisory
and administrative fee rates, excluding performance-based fees, for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 by investment
mandate were as follows: 

Average assets under management by investment
mandate to which these fee rates apply can be found in the table  Consolidated Average Assets Under Management by Investment
Mandate  on page 36. 

Performance-based fees were $3.4 million,
$3.7 million and $8.3 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Distribution and underwriter fees  

 Distribution fees, which are earned under
contractual agreements with certain sponsored funds, are calculated as a percentage of, and fluctuate with, average assets under
management of the applicable funds and fund share classes. Underwriter fees and other distribution income includes underwriter
commissions earned on sales of fund share classes subject to those fees, contingent deferred sales charges received on certain
Class A redemptions, unit investment trust sales charges and fundraising and servicing fees associated with The U.S. Charitable
Gift Trust. 

Distribution fees, underwriter fees and other
distribution income for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

Service fees  

 Service fees, which are paid to EVD pursuant
to distribution or service plans adopted by our sponsored mutual funds, are calculated as a percent of, and fluctuate with, average
assets under management in specific mutual fund share classes (principally Classes A, B, C, N and R). Certain private funds also
make service fee payments to EVD. 

Service fee revenue decreased 8 percent and
7 percent in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily reflecting a decrease in average assets under management in certain
classes of funds subject to service fees. 

Other revenue  

 Other revenue, which consists primarily of
sub-transfer agent fees, miscellaneous dealer income, custody fees, Hexavest-related distribution and service revenue and sub-lease
income, decreased 3 percent in fiscal 2016, primarily reflecting lower sub-lease revenue. Other revenue increased 20 percent in
fiscal 2015, primarily reflecting an increase in Hexavest-related distribution and service revenue. 

Expenses   

Operating expenses decreased 7 percent in
fiscal 2016 from fiscal 2015, reflecting lower distribution expenses, partially offset by increases in compensation costs, amortization
of deferred sales commissions and other expenses. Included in distribution expense for fiscal 2015 is a one-time payment of $73.0
million to terminate certain closed-end fund service and additional compensation arrangements with a distribution partner. Expenses
in connection with the Company s NextShares initiative totaled approximately $8.0 million in fiscal 2016, an increase of
8 percent from $7.4 million in fiscal 2015. 

The following table shows our operating expenses for the fiscal
years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Compensation and related costs  

 The following table shows our compensation
and related costs for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

The increase in base salaries and employee
benefits in fiscal 2016 reflects a 4 percent increase in headcount, annual merit increases and a corresponding increase in employee
benefits. The decrease in operating income-based incentives in fiscal 2016 reflects lower pre-bonus adjusted operating income (as
described in more detail in  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  in Item 11 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
The decrease in sales incentives in fiscal 2016 reflects a decrease in compensation-eligible sales. Other compensation expense
increased due to compensation expense associated with employee recruiting and terminations. The increase in stock-based compensation
in fiscal 2016 primarily reflects the increase in annual stock-based compensation awards associated with the increase in headcount. 

The increase in base salaries and employee
benefits in fiscal 2015 primarily reflects a 4 percent increase in headcount and annual merit increases. The decrease in operating
income-based incentives in fiscal 2015 reflects lower pre-bonus adjusted operating income. The increase in sales incentives in
fiscal 2015 reflects an 

increase in compensation-eligible sales. Other
compensation expense increased due to higher severance costs, primarily associated with closing our New Jersey-based affiliate
Fox Asset Management LLC ( Fox Asset Management ), as well as additional compensation expense associated with the expansion
of our global investment teams in London. The increase in stock-based compensation in fiscal 2015 reflects the increase in annual
stock-based compensation awards associated with the increase in headcount and the impact of certain employee retirements and terminations. 

Distribution expense   

 Distribution expense consists primarily of commissions paid
to broker-dealers on the sale of Class A shares at net asset value, ongoing asset-based payments made to distribution partners
pursuant to third-party distribution arrangements for Class C shares and certain closed-end funds, marketing support arrangements
to distribution partners and other discretionary marketing expenses. 

The following table shows our distribution
expense for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Class A share commissions decreased in fiscal 2016 and fiscal
2015, in both cases reflecting a decrease in Class A sales on which we pay commissions. Class C share distribution fees also decreased
in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, reflecting declines in Class C share assets held more than one year. Closed-end fund structuring
fees in fiscal 2016 reflect payments made in conjunction with the May 2016 initial public offering of the Eaton Vance High Income
2021 Target Term Trust. Expenses for fiscal 2015 include a one-time payment of $73.0 million in fiscal 2015 to terminate certain
closed-end fund service and additional compensation arrangements with a distribution partner pursuant to which we were obligated
to make recurring payments over time based on the assets of the closed-end funds covered by the arrangements. Closed-end fund dealer
compensation payments decreased in both fiscal 2016 and 2015, reflecting the above-described termination of fund service and additional
compensation arrangements. The decrease in intermediary marketing support payments to distribution partners in both fiscal 2016
and 2015 reflects lower average assets subject to those arrangements. The decrease in discretionary marketing expenses in fiscal
2016 reflects lower spending on advertising and marketing communications; the increase in fiscal 2015 reflects an increase in the
use of outside agencies in support of NextShares and other strategic initiatives. 

Service fee expense  

 Service fees we receive from sponsored funds are generally retained
in the first year and paid to broker-dealers thereafter pursuant to third-party selling agreements. These fees are calculated as
a percent of average assets under management in certain share classes of our mutual funds (principally Classes A, B, C, N and R),
as well as certain private funds. Service fee expense decreased by 8 percent in fiscal 2016 and 9 percent in fiscal 2015, reflecting
lower average fund assets retained more than one year in funds and share classes that are subject to service fees. 

Amortization of deferred sales commissions  

 Amortization expense is affected by ongoing sales and redemptions
of mutual fund Class C shares and certain private funds and redemptions of Class B shares. Amortization expense increased 3 percent
in fiscal 2016, reflecting an increase in deferred sales commissions related to privately offered equity funds, partially offset
by a decrease in average Class B shares and Class C shares deferred sales commissions. Amortization expense decreased 15 percent
in fiscal 2015, as lower average Class B shares and Class C shares deferred sales commissions more than offset an increase in deferred
sales commissions related to privately offered equity funds. In fiscal 2016, 4 percent of total amortization expense related to
Class B shares, 61 percent to Class C shares and 35 percent to privately offered equity funds. In fiscal 2015, 8 percent of total
amortization expense related to Class B shares, 70 percent to Class C shares and 22 percent to privately offered equity funds. 

Fund-related expenses   

 Fund-related expenses consist primarily of fees paid to sub-advisers,
compliance costs and other fund-related expenses we incur. Fund-related expenses were substantially unchanged in fiscal 2016 and
increased 1 percent in fiscal 2015, primarily reflecting an increase in other fund-related expenses borne by the Company on funds
in which it earns an all-in fee, partially offset by decreases in sub-advisory expenses and fund subsidies. 

Other expenses  

 The following table shows our other expense
for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

The
increase in information technology expense in fiscal 2016 can be attributed primarily to increases in project-related consulting
and software maintenance fees. The increase in travel expense relates to an increase in travel activity. The decrease in professional
services expense can be attributed primarily to a decrease in corporate consulting engagements and external legal costs. The decrease
in communications reflects a reduction in expenses primarily related to shareholder communications. The increase in other corporate
expenses primarily reflects an increase in other corporate taxes.   

The
increase in information technology expense in fiscal 2015 can be attributed primarily to increases in software maintenance fees,
market data costs and project-related consulting associated with budgeted technology projects. The increase in facilities-related
expenses can be attributed primarily to an increase in rent and depreciation expense. The decrease in travel expense relates to
a decrease in travel activity. The increase in professional services expense can be attributed primarily to an increase in corporate
consulting engagements (including engagements related to our NextShares initiative) and external legal costs. The decrease in other
corporate expenses reflects a decrease in other corporate taxes offset by increases in amortization of intangible assets related
to closing Fox Asset Management, and higher corporate membership and professional development expenses.  

Non-operating Income (Expense)   

The main categories of non-operating income (expense) for the
fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

Gains (losses) and other investment income, net, improved by
$12.4 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, reflecting increases in net investment gains, interest income and foreign
currency gains of $9.0 million, $2.2 million and $1.2 million, respectively. In fiscal 2016, we recognized $0.1 million of net
losses related to our seed investments and associated hedges, compared to $9.2 million of net losses in fiscal 2015. 

Gains (losses) and other investment income, net, declined by
$1.2 million in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, primarily reflecting increases in net investment and foreign currency losses
of $2.2 million and $0.1 million, respectively, offset by an increase of $1.2 million in interest income earned. In fiscal 2015
we recognized $9.2 million of net losses related to our seed investments and associated hedges, compared to $6.9 million of net
losses in fiscal 2014. 

Interest expense was substantially unchanged in fiscal 2016
compared to fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014. 

Net gains (losses) of consolidated CLO entities were $10.6 million,
$(1.7 million) and $(0.3 million) in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Approximately $9.8 million, $(5.8 million) and $(4.1
million) of consolidated CLO entities  gains (losses) were included in net income attributable to non-controlling and other
beneficial interests during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, reflecting third-party note holders  proportionate
interests in the net income (loss) of each consolidated CLO entity. Net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders included
$0.8 million, $4.1 million and $3.8 million of income associated with the 

consolidated CLO entities for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively,
representing management fees earned by the Company offset by the Company s proportionate interest in net gains (losses) of
the consolidated CLO entities. 

Income Taxes 

Our effective tax rate, calculated as income taxes as a percentage
of income before income taxes and equity in net income of affiliates, was 37.6 percent, 38.8 percent and 38.0 percent in fiscal
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Our policy for accounting for income taxes includes monitoring
our business activities and tax policies for compliance with federal, state and foreign tax laws. In the ordinary course of business,
various taxing authorities may not agree with certain tax positions we have taken, or applicable law may not be clear. We periodically
review these tax positions and provide for and adjust as necessary estimated liabilities relating to such positions as part of
our overall tax provision. 

Equity in Net Income of Affiliates, Net of Tax   

Equity in net income of affiliates, net of tax, primarily reflects
our 49 percent equity interest in Hexavest, our seven percent minority equity interest in a private equity partnership managed
by a third party and equity interests in certain funds we sponsor or manage. 

The following table summarizes the components of equity in net
income of affiliates, net of tax, for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Net Income Attributable to Non-controlling and Other Beneficial
Interests   

The following table summarizes the components of net income
attributable to non-controlling and other beneficial interests for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

(1)     Relates to non-controlling interests redeemable at other
than fair value.  

Net income attributable to non-controlling and other beneficial
interests is not adjusted for taxes due to the underlying tax status of our consolidated subsidiaries, which are treated as partnerships
or other pass-through entities for tax purposes. Funds and the CLO entities we consolidate are registered investment companies
or private funds that are treated as pass-through entities for tax purposes. 

In fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, non-controlling interest value
adjustments reflect changes in the estimated redemption value of non-controlling interests in Atlanta Capital. 

In fiscal 2014, increases in the estimated redemption value
of non-controlling interests in Parametric Risk Advisors and Atlanta Capital redeemable at other than fair value were $1.3 million
and $4.0 million, respectively. 

Changes
in Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The assets and liabilities of our consolidated CLO entities
do not affect our liquidity or capital resources. The collateral assets of our consolidated CLO entities are held solely to satisfy
the obligations of these entities and we have no right to these assets beyond our direct investment in, and management fees generated
from, these entities. The note holders of these entities have no recourse to the general credit of the Company. As a result, the
assets and liabilities of our consolidated CLO entities are excluded from the discussion of liquidity and capital resources below. 

The following table summarizes certain key financial data relating
to our liquidity and capital resources on October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and uses of cash for the years then ended: 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Liquid assets consist of cash and cash equivalents and investment
advisory fees and other receivables. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term, highly liquid investments that are
readily convertible to cash. Investment advisory fees and other receivables primarily represent receivables due from sponsored
funds and separately managed accounts for investment advisory and distribution services provided. Liquid assets represented 35
percent and 40 percent of total assets on October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, excluding those assets identified as assets
of consolidated CLO entities. Not included in the liquid asset amounts are $85.8 million and $77.4 million of highly liquid short-term
debt securities with remaining maturities between three and 12 months held as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which
are included within investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our seed investments in consolidated funds and separate accounts
are not treated as liquid assets because they may be longer term in nature. 

The $43.0 million decrease in liquid assets in fiscal 2016 primarily
reflects the repurchase of $253.0 million of Non-Voting Common Stock, the payment of $118.6 million of dividends to shareholders,
$82.6 million from the investing and financing activities of consolidated CLO entities, the payment of $15.7 million to acquire
additional interests in Atlanta Capital and Parametric, a $10.1 million contingent payment related to the Company s acquisition
of the Tax Advantaged Bond Strategies ( TABS ) business, the addition of $10.7 million in equipment and leasehold improvements
and the issuance of a $5.0 million note receivable to our affiliate Hexavest, offset by net cash provided by operating activities
of $340.6 million, proceeds from the issuance of Non-Voting Common Stock of $110.4 million in connection with the exercise of employee
stock options and other employee stock purchases, and excess tax benefits of $2.9 million associated with stock option exercises. 

The $81.8 million increase in liquid assets in fiscal 2015 primarily
reflects net cash provided by operating activities of $219.9 million, net proceeds from sales and purchases of available-for-sale
securities of $59.4 million, proceeds from the issuance of Non-Voting Common Stock of $89.7 million in connection with the exercise
of employee stock options and other employee stock purchases, excess tax benefits of $10.0 million associated with stock option
exercises and $149.2 million from the investing and financing activities of consolidated CLO entities, offset by the payment of
$116.0 million of dividends to shareholders, the repurchase of $283.4 million of Non-Voting Common Stock, the payment of $20.0
million to acquire additional interests in Atlanta Capital and Parametric, a $9.1 million contingent payment related to the Company s
acquisition of the TABS business and the addition of $11.5 million in equipment and leasehold improvements. 

Our debt consists of $250 million in aggregate principal amount
of 6.5 percent Senior Notes due in October 2017 and $325 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.625 percent Senior Notes due
in June 2023. The Company currently intends to seek refinancing of the $250 million in senior notes due in October 2017 prior to
maturity of those notes. In the event that the notes are not refinanced, it is the Company s intent to retire the notes using
existing liquid assets. 

We maintain a $300 million unsecured revolving credit facility
with several banks that expires on October 21, 2019. The facility provides that we may borrow at LIBOR-based rates of interest
that vary depending on the level of usage of the facility and our credit ratings. The agreement contains financial covenants with
respect to leverage and interest coverage and requires us to pay an annual facility fee on any unused portion. We had no borrowings
under our revolving credit facility at October 31, 2016 or at any point during the fiscal year. We were in compliance with all
debt covenants as of October 31, 2016. 

We continue to monitor our liquidity daily. We remain committed
to growing our business and returning capital to shareholders. We expect that our main uses of cash will be paying dividends, acquiring
shares of our Non-Voting Common Stock, making seed investments in new products and strategic acquisitions, enhancing our technology
infrastructure and paying the operating expenses of our business, which are largely variable in nature and fluctuate with revenue
and assets under management. We believe that our existing liquid assets, cash flows from operations and borrowing capacity under
our existing credit facility are sufficient to meet our current and forecasted operating cash needs. The risk exists, however,
that if we need to raise additional capital or refinance existing debt in the future, resources may not be available to us in sufficient
amounts or on acceptable terms. Our ability to enter the capital markets in a timely manner depends on a number of factors, including
the state of global credit and equity markets, interest rates, credit spreads and our credit ratings. If we are unable to access
capital markets to issue new debt, refinance existing debt or sell shares of our Non-Voting Common Stock as needed, or if we are
unable to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, our business could be adversely affected. 

Recoverability of our Investments    

Our $589.8 million of investments as of October 31, 2016 consisted
of our 49 percent equity interest in Hexavest, positions in Company-sponsored funds and separate accounts entered into for investment
and business development purposes, and certain other investments held directly by the Company. Investments in Company-sponsored
funds and separate accounts and direct investments by the Company are generally in liquid debt or equity securities and are carried
at fair market value. We test our investments, other than equity method investments, for impairment on a quarterly basis. We evaluate
our investments in non-consolidated CLO entities and investments classified as available-for-sale for impairment using quantitative
factors, including how long the investment has been in a net unrealized loss position, and qualitative factors, including the credit
quality of the underlying issuer and our ability and intent to continue holding the 

investment. If markets deteriorate in the quarters ahead, our
assessment of impairment on a quantitative basis may lead us to impair investments in future quarters that were in an unrealized
loss position at October 31, 2016. 

We test our investments in equity method investees, goodwill
and indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or as facts and circumstances indicate that additional
analysis is warranted. There have been no significant changes in financial condition in fiscal 2016 that would indicate that an
impairment loss exists at October 31, 2016. 

We periodically review our deferred sales commissions and identifiable
intangible assets for impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not
be recoverable. There have been no significant changes in financial condition in fiscal 2016 that would indicate that an impairment
loss exists at October 31, 2016. 

Operating Cash Flows   

Our operating cash flows are calculated by
adjusting net income to reflect other significant sources and uses of cash, certain significant non-cash items and timing differences
in the cash settlement of other assets and liabilities. Significant sources and uses of cash that are not reflected in either revenue
or expenses include net cash flows associated with our deferred sales commission assets (capitalized sales commissions paid net
of contingent deferred sales charges received), as well as net cash flows associated with the purchase and sale of investments
within the portfolios of our consolidated sponsored funds and separate accounts (proceeds received from the sale of trading investments
net of cash outflows associated with the purchase of trading investments). Significant non-cash items include the amortization
of deferred sales commissions and intangible assets, depreciation, stock-based compensation and net change in deferred income taxes. 

Cash provided by operating activities totaled $340.5 million
in fiscal 2016, an increase of $120.7 million from $219.9 million in fiscal 2015. The increase in net cash provided by operating
activities primarily reflects an increase in the cash provided by the operating activities of our consolidated CLO entities and
increases in the timing differences in the cash settlement of other assets and liabilities, offset by an increase in net purchases
of trading securities. 

Cash provided by operating activities totaled $219.9 million
in fiscal 2015, an increase of $121.1 million from $98.8 million in fiscal 2014. The increase in net cash provided by operating
activities primarily reflects an increase in the net sales of trading securities and an increase in the timing differences in the
cash settlement of other assets and liabilities, offset by an increase in the net cash used in the operating activities of our
consolidated CLO entities. 

Investing Cash Flows   

Cash flows from investing activities consist primarily of the
purchase of equipment and leasehold improvements, cash paid in acquisitions and the purchase and sale of available-for-sale investments
in sponsored funds that we do not consolidate. 

Cash used for investing activities totaled $108.3 million in
fiscal 2016 compared to cash provided by investing activities of $84.3 million in fiscal 2015. The change in cash provided by (used
for) investing activities can be attributed primarily to a decrease of $128.1 million in the net proceeds from the sales of consolidated
CLO entity investments, a decrease of $59.2 million in the net proceeds from the sales and purchases of available- 

for-sale securities, the issuance of a $5.0 million note receivable
to Hexavest and an increase of $1.0 million in payment to sellers of the TABS business in fiscal 2016. 

Cash provided by investing activities totaled $84.3 million in fiscal
2015 compared to $185.5 million in fiscal 2014. The decrease in cash provided by investing activities can be attributed primarily
to a $9.1 million payment to sellers of the TABS business in fiscal 2015, offset by a decrease of $8.6 million in the net proceeds
from the sales and purchases of available-for-sale securities and a decrease of $79.6 million in the net proceeds from the sales
of consolidated CLO entity investments. 

Financing Cash Flows   

Financing cash flows primarily reflect distributions
to non-controlling interest holders of our majority-owned subsidiaries and consolidated funds, the purchase of additional non-controlling
interests in our majority-owned subsidiaries, the issuance and repurchase of our Non-Voting Common Stock, excess tax benefits associated
with stock option exercises, the payment of dividends to our shareholders and the proceeds and payments associated with the Company s
debt. Financing cash flows also include proceeds from the issuance of capital stock by consolidated funds and cash paid to meet
redemptions by non-controlling interest holders of these funds. 

Cash used for financing activities totaled $270.2
million, $221.4 million and $359.4 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In fiscal 2016, we paid $15.7 million to
acquire additional interests in Atlanta Capital and Parametric, repurchased and retired approximately 7.3 million shares of our
Non-Voting Common Stock for $253.0 million under our authorized repurchase programs and issued 5.4 million shares of our Non-Voting
Common Stock in connection with the grant of restricted share awards, the exercise of stock options and other employee stock purchases
for total proceeds of $110.4 million. As of October 31, 2016, we have authorization to purchase an additional 2.9 million shares
under our current share repurchase authorization and anticipate that future repurchases will continue to be an ongoing use of cash.
Our dividends declared per share were $1.075 in fiscal 2016, $1.015 in fiscal 2015 and $0.91 in fiscal 2014. We currently expect
to declare and pay quarterly dividends on our Voting and Non-Voting Common Stock comparable to the dividend declared in the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2016. 

In fiscal 2015, cash used for financing activities included $381.5
million in principal payments made on senior notes, lines of credit and redeemable preferred shares of consolidated CLO entities,
as well as $485.2 million related to the proceeds from the line of credit and the issuance of new senior notes and redeemable preferred
shares of those entities. In fiscal 2014, cash used for financing activities included $436.2 million in principal payments made
on senior notes, lines of credit, and redeemable preferred shares of consolidated CLO entities, as well as $429.6 million related
to the issuance of new senior notes and redeemable preferred shares of those entities. 

Contractual Obligations  

The following table details our contractual obligations as of October
31, 2016: 

(1)       Minimum payments have
not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $0.1 million to be received in the future under non-cancelable subleases.   

(2   )    This amount includes unrecognized tax benefits along
with accrued interest and penalties.  

Interests held by non-controlling interest holders
of Atlanta Capital and Parametric are not subject to mandatory redemption. The purchase of non-controlling interests is predicated
on the exercise of a series of puts held by non-controlling interest holders and calls held by us. The puts provide the non-controlling
interest holders the right to require us to purchase these retained interests at specific intervals over time, while the calls
provide us with the right to require the non-controlling interest holders to sell their retained equity interests to us at specified
intervals over time, as well as upon the occurrence of certain events such as death or permanent disability. As a result, there
is significant uncertainty as to the timing of any non-controlling interest purchase in the future. Non-controlling interests are
redeemable at fair value or based on a multiple of earnings before interest and taxes of the subsidiary, which is a measure that
is intended to represent fair value. As a result, there is significant uncertainty as to the amount of any non-controlling interest
purchase in the future. Accordingly, future payments to be made to purchase non-controlling interests have been excluded from the
above table, unless a put or call option has been exercised and a mandatory firm commitment exists for us to purchase such non-controlling
interests. Although the timing and amounts of these purchases cannot be predicted with certainty, we anticipate that the purchase
of non-controlling interests in our consolidated subsidiaries may be a significant use of cash in future years. 

We have presented all redeemable non-controlling
interests at redemption value on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of October 31, 2016. We have recorded the current year change
in the estimated redemption value of non-controlling interests redeemable at fair value as a component of additional paid-in capital
and have recorded the current year change in the estimated redemption value of non-controlling interests redeemable at other than
fair value (non-controlling interests redeemable based on a multiple of earnings before interest and taxes of the subsidiary) as
a component of net income attributable to non-controlling and other beneficial interests. Based on our calculations, the estimated
redemption value of our non-controlling interests, redeemable at either fair value or other than fair value, totaled $109.0 million
on October 31, 2016 compared to $88.9 million on October 31, 2015. 

Redeemable non-controlling interests as of October
31, 2016 consisted of third-party investors  ownership in consolidated investment funds of $24.5 million, non-controlling
interests in Parametric issued in conjunction with the Clifton acquisition of $13.9 million, non-controlling interests in Parametric
issued in conjunction with the Parametric Risk Advisors final put option of $12.1 million and profit interests granted under the
long-term incentive plans of Parametric and Atlanta Capital of $36.4 million and $19.6 million, respectively, all of which are
redeemable at fair value. Redeemable non-controlling interests as of October 31, 2016 also included non-controlling interests in
Atlanta Capital redeemable at other than fair value of $2.6 million. Redeemable non-controlling interests as of October 31, 2015
consisted of third-party investors  ownership in consolidated investment funds of $11.9 million, non-controlling interests
in Parametric issued in conjunction with the Clifton acquisition of $18.6 million, non-controlling interests in Parametric issued
in conjunction with the Parametric Risk Advisors final put option of $10.8 million and profit interests granted under the long-term
incentive plans of Parametric and Atlanta Capital of $28.5 million and $16.4 million, respectively, all of which are redeemable
at fair value. Redeemable non-controlling interests as of October 31, 2015 also included non-controlling interests in Atlanta Capital
redeemable at other than fair value of $2.7 million. 

We have included in the table above $0.6 million
and $1.9 million related to the execution of termination call options by the Company related to indirect profit interests granted
under the long-term incentive plans of Parametric and Atlanta Capital, respectively, which were held by employees whose employment
terminated in fiscal 2016. These transactions settled in November 2016. 

We are obligated to make a contingent payment
related to our acquisition of the TABS business based on a prescribed multiple of TABS s revenue for the twelve months ending
December 31, 2016. Because there is no defined floor or ceiling, significant uncertainty exists as to the amount of payment. Accordingly,
an estimate cannot be reasonably made and this future payment has been excluded from the above table. 

We hold an option, exercisable in fiscal 2017,
to acquire an additional 26 percent interest in Hexavest. Because there is no defined floor or ceiling, significant uncertainty
exists as to the amount of payment. Accordingly, any payment to be made has been excluded from the above table. Although the amounts
of this payment cannot be predicted with certainty, it may represent a significant use of cash in fiscal 2018. 

In November 2010, we acquired patents and other
intellectual property from Managed ETFs LLC, a developer of intellectual property in the field of exchange-traded funds. This intellectual
property is the foundation of the Company s NextShares  exchange-traded managed funds initiative. The terms of the
acquisition of the patents and other intellectual property of Managed ETFs LLC include approximately $9.0 million in aggregate
contingent milestone payments that are based on specific events representing key developments in the commercialization of NextShares.
There is no defined timing on these payments, resulting in significant uncertainty as to when the amount of any payment is due
in the future. Accordingly, future payments to be made have been excluded from the above table until such time as the uncertainty
has been resolved. If and when the milestones are reached, Managed ETFs LLC is also entitled to revenue-sharing payments that are
calculated as a percentage of licensing revenue that we receive for use of the acquired intellectual property. 

Foreign Subsidiaries  

We consider the undistributed earnings of certain
of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations as of October 31, 2016. Accordingly, no U.S. income
taxes have been provided thereon. As of October 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $47.7 million of undistributed earnings
in certain Canadian, UK and Australian foreign subsidiaries that is not available to fund domestic operations or to distribute
to shareholders unless repatriated. Repatriation would require the Company to accrue and pay U.S. 

corporate income taxes. The unrecognized deferred
income tax liability on these un-repatriated funds, or temporary difference, is estimated to be $5.8 million. The Company does
not intend to repatriate these funds, has not previously repatriated funds from these entities, and has the financial liquidity
to permanently leave these funds offshore. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not invest in any off-balance sheet vehicles that provide
financing, liquidity, market or credit risk support or engage in any leasing activities that expose us to any liability that is
not reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies  

We believe the following critical accounting policies reflect our
accounting policies that require significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Consolidation
of Variable Interest Entities  

 Accounting guidance provides a framework for determining whether
an entity should be considered a variable interest entity ( VIE ), and, if so, whether our involvement with the entity
results in a variable interest in the entity. If we determine that we do have a variable interest in the entity, we must then perform
an analysis to determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of the VIE. If we determine that we are the primary beneficiary
of the VIE, we are required to consolidate the assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows of the VIE into the Consolidated
Financial Statements of the Company. 

A company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE if it has a controlling
financial interest in the VIE. A company is deemed to have a controlling financial interest in a VIE if it has both (i) the power
to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (ii) the obligation
to absorb the losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE
that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 

Our evaluation of whether we qualify as the primary beneficiary
of a VIE is highly complex. In our analysis, we must make significant estimates and assumptions regarding future cash flows of
the VIE. These estimates and assumptions relate primarily to market interest rates, credit default rates, pre-payment rates, discount
rates, the marketability of certain securities and the probability of certain outcomes. There is also judgment involved in assessing
whether we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and the
obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the entity. 

While we believe that our evaluation is appropriate, future changes
in estimates, judgments, assumptions and/or in the ownership interests of the Company in a VIE may affect the determination of
the primary beneficiary status and the resulting consolidation or de-consolidation of the assets, liabilities and results of operations
of the VIE in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Fair
Value Measurements  

 Accounting standards define fair value as the price that would be
received for an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy established in these standards 

prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques and gives the highest
priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. 

Assets and liabilities measured and reported at fair value are classified
and disclosed in one of the following categories based on the nature of the inputs that are significant to the fair value measurements
in their entirety. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value measurement
hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s classification within the fair value measurement hierarchy is based on the lowest
level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Level 1  Unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities at the reporting date. 

Level 2  Observable inputs other than Level 1 unadjusted quoted
market prices, such as quoted market prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or
similar assets or liabilities that are not active, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable or corroborated by
observable market data. 

Level 3  Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no
market activity. 

Goodwill    

 Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of our investment in
the net assets of acquired companies over the fair value of the underlying identifiable net assets at the dates of acquisition.
We attribute all goodwill associated with the acquisitions of Atlanta Capital, Parametric and its wholly owned subsidiaries, which
share similar economic characteristics, to a single reporting unit. Management believes that the inclusion of these entities in
a single reporting unit for the purposes of goodwill impairment testing most accurately reflects the synergies achieved in acquiring
these entities, namely centralized distribution of similar products and services to similar clients. We attribute all goodwill
associated with the acquisition of the TABS business and other acquisitions to a second reporting unit. 

Goodwill is not amortized but is tested annually for impairment
in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year by comparing the fair value of the reporting units to the carrying amounts, including
goodwill. We establish fair value for the purpose of impairment testing by averaging fair value established using an income approach
and fair value established using a market approach for each reporting unit. 

The income approach employs a discounted cash flow model that takes
into account (1) assumptions that marketplace participants would use in their estimates of fair value, (2) current period actual
results, and (3) budget projections for future periods that have been vetted by senior management at the reporting unit level.
Budget projections for future periods are most significantly impacted by assumptions made as to the growth in assets under management,
future revenue run rates and future operating margins. The discounted cash flow model incorporates the same fundamental pricing
concepts used to calculate fair value in the acquisition due diligence process and a discount rate that takes into consideration
our estimated cost of capital adjusted for the uncertainty inherent in the acquisition. 

The market approach employs market multiples for comparable transactions
in the financial services industry obtained from industry sources, taking into consideration the nature, scope and size of the
acquired reporting unit. Estimates of fair value are established using historical and forward multiples of both revenue and earnings
before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) adjusted for size, growth rate and margin relative to
peer companies. 

To evaluate the sensitivity of the goodwill impairment testing to
the calculation of fair value, we apply a hypothetical 10 percent and 20 percent decrease to the fair value of each reporting unit.
If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its calculated fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test
will be performed to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any. 

Intangible Assets  

 Amortized identifiable intangible assets generally represent the
cost of client relationships and management contracts acquired. In valuing these assets, we make assumptions regarding useful lives
and projected growth rates, and significant judgment is required. We periodically review identifiable intangibles for impairment
as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If the carrying
amounts of the assets exceed their respective fair values, additional impairment tests are performed to measure the amount of the
impairment loss, if any. 

Non-amortizing intangible assets generally represent the cost of
mutual fund management contracts acquired. Non-amortizing intangible assets are tested for impairment in the fourth quarter of
each fiscal year by comparing the fair value of the management contracts acquired to their carrying values. The Company establishes
fair value for purposes of impairment testing using the income approach. If the carrying value of a management contract acquired
exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to that excess. 

Accounting for Income Taxes   

 Our effective tax rate reflects the statutory tax rates of the many
jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our
tax positions. In the ordinary course of business, many transactions occur for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain, and
we adjust our income tax provision in the period in which we determine that actual outcomes will likely be different from our estimates.
Accounting standards require that the tax effects of a position be recognized only if it is more likely than not to be sustained
based solely on its technical merits as of the reporting date. The more-likely-than-not threshold must continue to be met in each
reporting period to support continued recognition of a benefit. Unrecognized tax benefits, as well as the related interest, are
adjusted regularly to reflect changing facts and circumstances. While we have considered future taxable income and ongoing tax
planning in assessing our taxes, changes in tax laws may result in a change to our tax position and effective tax rate. We classify
any interest or penalties incurred as a component of income tax expense. 

Management is required to estimate the timing of the recognition
of deferred tax assets and liabilities and to make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred tax assets. We assess
whether a valuation allowance should be established against our deferred tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence,
using a more-likely-than-not standard. This assessment takes into account our forecast of future profitability, the duration of
statutory carryback and carry-forward periods, our experience with the tax attributes expiring unused, tax planning alternatives
and other tax considerations. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

 Stock-based compensation expense reflects the fair value of stock-based
awards measured at grant date, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the relevant service period (generally five years),
and is adjusted each period for anticipated forfeitures. 

The fair value of option awards granted is estimated on the date
of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The Black-Scholes option valuation model incorporates assumptions as to
dividend yield, volatility, an appropriate risk-free interest rate and the expected life of the option. Many of these assumptions 

require management s judgment but are not subject to significant
variability. Management must also apply judgment in developing an expectation of awards that may be forfeited. If actual experience
differs significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be materially
affected. 

The fair value of profit interests granted under subsidiary long-term
equity plans is estimated on the date of grant by averaging fair value established using an income approach and fair value established
using a market approach for each subsidiary. 

The income and fair value approaches used to establish fair value
of subsidiary profit interests mirror those described in our significant accounting policy for Goodwill as described above. 

Non-controlling interests  

 Certain interests in our majority-owned subsidiaries are puttable
at established multiples of earnings before interest and taxes and, as such, are considered redeemable at other than fair value.
The Company s non-controlling interests redeemable at other than fair value are recorded in temporary equity at estimated
redemption value and changes in estimated redemption value are recorded in earnings. As a result, net income attributable to Eaton
Vance Corp. shareholders and earnings per basic and diluted share are impacted by changes in the estimated redemption values of
such redeemable non-controlling interests. 

Accounting Developments  

See Note 2,  New Accounting Standards Not
Yet Adopted,  in Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

In the normal course of business, our financial position is subject
to different types of risk, including market risk. Market risk is the risk that we will incur losses due to adverse changes in
equity and bond prices, interest rates, credit events or currency exchange rates. Management is responsible for identifying, assessing
and managing market and other risks. 

In evaluating market risk, it is important to note that most of
our revenue is based on the market value of assets under management. As noted in  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, declines of financial market values negatively impact our revenue and net income. 

Our primary direct exposure to equity price risk
arises from investments in equity securities made by consolidated sponsored funds, investments in equity securities held in separately
managed accounts seeded for new product development purposes and our investments in sponsored equity funds that are not consolidated.
Equity price risk as it relates to these investments represents the potential future loss of value that would result from a decline
in the fair values of the fund shares or underlying equity securities. 

The following is a summary of the effect that
a 10 percent increase or decrease in equity prices would have on our investments subject to equity price fluctuations at October
31, 2016: 

At October 31, 2016, we were exposed to interest
rate risk and credit spread risk as a result of approximately $278.0 million in investments in fixed and floating-rate income funds
sponsored or managed by us, debt securities held by sponsored funds we consolidate, debt securities held in separately managed
accounts seeded for new product development purposes and short-term debt securities held directly by us. Management considered
a hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates and determined that an increase of such magnitude would result in a decrease
of approximately $2.8 million in the carrying amount of our debt investments and that a decrease of 100 basis points would increase
the carrying amount of such investments by approximately $2.8 million. 

Currently we have a corporate hedging program
in place to hedge currency risk, interest rate risk and market price exposures on certain investments in consolidated sponsored
funds and separately managed accounts seeded for new product development purposes. As part of this program, we enter into forwards,
futures and swap contracts to hedge certain exposures held within the portfolios of these consolidated sponsored funds and separately
managed accounts. The contracts negotiated are short term in nature. We do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative
purposes. 

At October 31, 2016, we had outstanding foreign
currency forward contracts, stock index futures contracts and total return swap contracts with aggregate notional values of approximately
$18.6 million, $125.4 million and $40 million, respectively. We estimate that a 10 percent adverse change in market prices would
result in a decrease of approximately $8,000, $200,000 and $42,000, respectively, in the fair value of open currency, equity and
swap derivative contracts held at October 31, 2016. 

We are required to maintain cash collateral for margin accounts
established to support certain derivative positions. Our initial margin requirements are currently equal to five percent of the
initial underlying value of the stock index futures contracts. Additional margin requirements include daily posting of variation
margin equal to the daily change in the position value. We do not have a collateral requirement related to foreign currency forward
contracts or total return swap contracts. Cash collateral supporting margin requirements is classified as restricted cash and is
included as a component of other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. At October 31, 2016, cash collateral included in other
assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets totaled $8.1 million. 

Direct exposure to credit risk arises from our
interests in non-consolidated CLO entities that are included in investments in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as well as our
interests in consolidated CLO entities that are eliminated in consolidation. Our CLO entity investments entitle us only to a residual
interest in the CLO entity, making these investments highly sensitive to the default and recovery experiences of the underlying
instruments held by the CLO entity. Our CLO investments are subject to an impairment loss in the event that the cash flows 

generated by the collateral securities are not
sufficient to allow equity holders to recover their investments. If there is deterioration in the credit quality of collateral
and reference securities and a corresponding increase in defaults, CLO entity cash flows may be adversely impacted and we may be
unable to recover our investment. Our total investments in non-consolidated CLO entities was $3.8 million as of October 31, 2016,
representing our total value at risk with respect to such entities as of October 31, 2016. The Company did not hold any interests
in consolidated CLO entities as of October 31, 2016. 

We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk through our international
operations. While we operate primarily in the United States and, accordingly, most of our consolidated revenue and associated expenses
are denominated in U.S. dollars, we also provide services and earn revenue outside of the United States. Revenue and expenses denominated
in foreign currencies may be impacted by movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The exposure to foreign currency exchange
risk in our Consolidated Balance Sheets relates primarily to an equity method investment and cash and cash equivalents that are
denominated in foreign currencies, principally Canadian dollars. This risk will likely increase as our business outside of the
United States grows. We generally do not use derivative financial instruments to manage the foreign currency exchange risk exposure
we assume in connection with investments in international operations. As a result, both positive and negative currency fluctuations
against the U.S. dollar may affect our results of operations and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We do not enter
into foreign currency transactions for speculative purposes.   

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data  

  For the Fiscal Years Ended October
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014   

Contents   
       
       Page   
  number   
  reference    

Consolidated Financial Statements of Eaton Vance Corp.:  

Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016   

61   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016   

62   
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2016 and 2015   
       
      63   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016   

64   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016   

67   
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
      69   
 
       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
       
      121   

All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, are not applicable or the information is otherwise shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.   

Consolidated Statements of Income  

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity  

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (continued)  

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity (continued)  

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued)  

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

1.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

Business and organization   

Eaton Vance Corp. and its subsidiaries
(the  Company ) manage investment funds and provide investment management and advisory services to high-net-worth individuals
and institutions in the United States, Europe and certain other international markets. The Company distributes its funds and retail
managed accounts principally through financial intermediaries. The Company also commits significant resources to serving institutional
and high-net-worth clients who access investment management services on a direct basis. 

Revenue is largely dependent on the
total value and composition of assets under management, which include sponsored funds and separate accounts. Accordingly, fluctuations
in financial markets and changes in the composition of assets under management impact revenue and the results of operations. 

Basis of presentation   

The preparation of the Company s Consolidated Financial
Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires
management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements
and related notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. However, due to the inherent uncertainties in making estimates, actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

During the first quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company
made a one-time payment of $73.0 million to terminate certain closed-end fund service and additional compensation arrangements
with a distribution partner. The payment was included as a component of distribution expense in the Company s Consolidated
Statement of Income for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015. 

Principles of consolidation   

The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts
of the Company and its controlled affiliates. The Company consolidates any voting interest entity in which the Company s
voting ownership exceeds 50 percent or where the Company has control. In addition, the Company consolidates any variable interest
entity ( VIE ) for which the Company is considered the primary beneficiary. The Company recognizes non-controlling
and other beneficial interests in consolidated affiliates in which the Company s ownership is less than 100 percent. All
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The Company may be considered the primary beneficiary
of certain collateralized loan obligation ( CLO ) entities for which it acts as collateral manager. In these instances,
the Company consolidates the assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows of such entities in the Company s
Consolidated Financial Statements. The assets of consolidated CLO entities cannot be used by the Company, and senior and subordinated
interest holders of the CLO entities have no recourse to the general credit or assets of the Company. 

The Company may maintain a controlling interest in an
open-end registered investment company that it sponsors (a  sponsored fund ). Under the accounting guidance for investment
companies, underlying investments held by consolidated sponsored funds are carried at fair value, with corresponding changes in 

fair value reflected in gains (losses) and other investment
income, net, in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. Upon consolidation, the Company retains the specialized
accounting treatment of the sponsored fund. 

With limited exceptions, each of the Company s
sponsored mutual funds is organized as a separately managed component (or  series ) of a series trust. The trusts qualify
for the deferral of accounting guidance that requires separate evaluation for investment company VIEs and other VIEs (see  Consolidation
of VIEs  below). All assets of a series irrevocably belong to that series and are subject to the liabilities of that series;
under no circumstances are the liabilities of one series payable by another series. Series trusts themselves have no equity investment
at risk, but decisions regarding the trustees of the trust and certain key activities of each sponsored fund within the trust,
such as appointment of each sponsored fund s investment adviser, typically reside at the trust level. As a result, shareholders
of a sponsored fund that is organized as a series of a series trust lack the ability to control the key decision-making processes
that most directly affect the performance of the sponsored fund. Accordingly, the Company believes that each trust is a VIE and
each sponsored fund is a silo of a VIE that also meets the definition of a VIE. Having concluded that each silo is a VIE, the primary
beneficiary evaluation is focused on an analysis of economic interest. The Company may hold the majority of the shares of a sponsored
fund corresponding to a majority economic interest during the seed investment stage when the sponsored fund s investment
track record is being established or when the fund is in the early stages of soliciting outside investors. The Company consolidates
the fund as primary beneficiary during this period. Fee revenue earned on sponsored funds is eliminated in consolidation. 

The Company regularly seeds new sponsored funds and therefore
may consolidate a variety of sponsored funds during a given reporting period. Due to the similarity of risks related to the Company s
involvement with each sponsored fund, disclosures required under the VIE model are aggregated, such as those disclosures regarding
the carrying amount and classification of assets of the sponsored funds and the gains and losses that the Company recognizes from
the sponsored funds. 

When the Company is no longer deemed to hold a controlling
financial interest in a sponsored fund, which occurs when either the Company redeems its shares or shares held by third parties
exceed the number of shares held by the Company, the Company deconsolidates the sponsored fund and removes the related assets,
liabilities and non-controlling interests from its balance sheet and classifies the Company s remaining investment as either
an equity method investment or as available-for-sale, as applicable. Because consolidated sponsored funds utilize fair value measurements,
there is no incremental gain or loss recognized upon de-consolidation. 

The extent of the Company s exposure to loss with
respect to a consolidated sponsored fund is the amount of the Company s investment in the sponsored fund. The Company is
not obligated to provide financial support to sponsored funds. Only the assets of a sponsored fund are available to settle its
obligations. Beneficial interest holders of sponsored funds do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company. 

Consolidation of VIEs   

Accounting guidance provides a framework for determining
whether an entity should be considered a VIE and, if so, whether a company s involvement with the entity results in a variable
interest in the entity. If the Company determines that it does have a variable interest in an entity, it must perform an analysis
to determine whether it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. If the Company determines it is the primary 

beneficiary of the VIE, it is required to consolidate
the assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows of the VIE into the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company. 

The Company s evaluation of whether it qualifies
as the primary beneficiary of a VIE is highly complex. With the exception of entities described in the next paragraph, the Company
is the primary beneficiary of a VIE if it has a controlling financial interest in the VIE. A company is deemed to have a controlling
financial interest in a VIE if it has both (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the
VIE s economic performance, and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to
the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 

For investments in VIEs that qualify for the deferral
of accounting guidance that requires separate evaluation for investment company VIEs and other VIEs (the  Investment Company
deferral ), the Company must make significant estimates and assumptions regarding future cash flows of each VIE to determine
whether it has the majority of the risks and rewards of ownership and thus is the primary beneficiary of these VIEs. 

For CLO entities, the Company has concluded that it does
not qualify for the Investment Company deferral and therefore the Company must evaluate estimates and assumptions relating primarily
to market interest rates, credit default rates, pre-payment rates, discount rates, the marketability of certain securities and
the probability of certain outcomes. There is also judgment involved in assessing whether the Company has the power to direct the
activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of or the right
to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the entity. 

While the Company believes its overall evaluation of
VIEs is appropriate, future changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions, changes in the ownership interests of the Company
in a VIE, and/or future accounting pronouncements may affect the resulting consolidation, or de-consolidation, of the assets, liabilities,
results of operations and cash flows of a VIE. 

Segment information   

Management has determined that the Company operates in
one segment, namely as an investment adviser managing funds and separate accounts. The Company s determination that it operates
in one business segment is based on the fact that the Company s Chief Executive Officer reviews the Company s financial
performance at an aggregate level. All of the products and services provided by the Company relate to investment management and
are subject to similar regulatory frameworks. Investment management teams at the Company are generally not aligned with specific
product lines or distribution channels; in many instances, the investment professionals who manage the Company s sponsored
funds are the same investment professionals who manage the Company s separately managed accounts. 

Cash and cash equivalents    

Cash and cash equivalents consist principally of cash
and short-term, highly liquid investments in money market funds, commercial paper, certificates of deposit and holdings of Treasury
and government agency securities, which are readily convertible to cash. Cash equivalents have maturities of less than three months
on the date of acquisition and are stated at fair value or cost, which approximates fair value due to the short-term maturities
of the underlying investments. 

Restricted cash   

Restricted cash consists principally of cash collateral
required for margin accounts established to support derivative positions, and is included as a component of other assets on the
Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such derivatives are used to hedge certain investments in consolidated sponsored funds
and separately managed accounts seeded for product development purposes ( consolidated seed investments ). Because
the accounts are used to support trading activities, changes in restricted cash balances are reflected as operating cash flows
in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Investments   

Investment securities, trading  

 Marketable securities classified as trading securities
consist of investments in debt and equity securities held in the portfolios of consolidated seed investments, bank obligations,
certificates of deposit, commercial paper and corporate debt securities with remaining maturities (upon purchase by the Company)
ranging from three months to 12 months. 

Investment securities held in the portfolios of consolidated
seed investments and/or held directly by the Company are carried at fair value based on quoted market prices. Net realized and
unrealized gains or losses are reflected as a component of gains (losses) and other investment income. The specific identified
cost method is used to determine the realized gains or losses on all trading securities sold. 

Investment securities, available-for-sale  

 Marketable securities classified as available-for-sale
consist primarily of investments in shares of sponsored funds and are carried at fair value based on quoted market prices. Unrealized
holding gains or losses (to the extent such losses are considered temporary) are reported net of deferred tax as a separate component
of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains or losses are reflected as a component of gains
(losses) and other investment income. The specific identified cost method is used to determine the realized gains or losses on
the sale of shares of sponsored funds. 

The Company evaluates the carrying value of marketable
securities classified as available-for-sale for impairment on a quarterly basis. In its impairment analysis, the Company takes
into consideration numerous criteria, including the duration and extent of any decline in fair value and the Company s intent
with respect to a given security. If the decline in value is determined to be other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the security
is written down to fair value through earnings. 

Investments in non-consolidated CLO entities  

 Investments in non-consolidated CLO entities are carried
at amortized cost unless impaired. The excess of actual and anticipated future cash flows over the initial investment at the date
of purchase is recognized in gains (losses) and other investment income, net, over the life of the investment using the effective
yield method. The Company reviews cash flow estimates throughout the life of each non-consolidated CLO entity. If the updated estimate
of future cash flows (taking into account both timing and amounts) is less than the last revised estimate, an impairment loss is
recognized to the extent the carrying amount of the investment exceeds its fair value. 

Investments in equity method investees  

 Investments in non-controlled affiliates in which the
Company s ownership ranges from 20 to 50 percent, or in instances in which the Company is able to exercise significant influence
but not control, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting, the Company s
share of the investee s underlying net income or loss is recorded as equity in net income of affiliates, net of tax. Distributions
received from investees reduce the Company s investment balance. Investments in equity method investees are evaluated for
impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If the
carrying amounts of the assets exceed their respective fair values, additional impairment tests are performed to measure the amounts
of the impairment losses, if any. 

Investments, other  

 Certain investments are carried at cost. The fair values
of cost-method investments are not estimated if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant
adverse effect on the fair values of the investments. 

Fair value measurements  

The accounting standards for fair value measurement provide
a framework for measuring fair value and require expanded disclosures regarding fair value measurements. Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received for an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal
or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The accounting standards
establish a fair value measurement hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs where available.
This fair value measurement hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. 

The Company utilizes third-party pricing services to
value investments in various asset classes, including interests in senior floating-rate loans and other debt obligations, derivatives
and certain foreign equity securities, as further discussed below. Valuations provided by the pricing services are subject to exception
reporting that identifies securities with significant movements in valuation, as well as investments with no movements in valuation.
These exceptions are reviewed by the Company on a daily basis. The Company compares the price of trades executed by the Company
to the valuations provided by the third-party pricing services to identify and research significant variances. The Company periodically
compares the pricing service valuations to valuations provided by a secondary independent source when available. Market data provided
by the pricing services and other market participants, such as the Loan Syndication and Trading Association ( LSTA )
trade study, is reviewed by the Company to assess the reliability of the provided data. The Company s Valuation Committee
reviews the general assumptions underlying the methodologies used by the pricing services to value various asset classes at least
annually. Throughout the year, members of the Company s Valuation Committee or its designees meet with the service providers
to discuss any significant changes to the service providers  valuation methodologies or operational processes. 

Assets and liabilities measured and reported at fair
value are classified and disclosed in one of the following categories based on the nature of the inputs that are significant to
the fair value measurements in their entirety. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different
levels of the fair value measurement hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s classification within the fair value measurement
hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Level 1  Unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities at the reporting date. 

Level 2  Observable inputs other than Level 1 unadjusted quoted
market prices, such as quoted market prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or
similar assets or liabilities that are not active, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable or corroborated by
observable market data. 

Level 3  Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no
market activity. 

The Company recognizes any transfers between levels at
the end of each quarter. 

Derivative financial instruments   

The Company may utilize derivative financial instruments
to hedge market, commodity and currency risks associated with its investments in separate accounts and certain consolidated sponsored
funds seeded for new product development purposes, exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates associated with
investments denominated in foreign currencies and interest rate risk inherent in debt offerings. These derivative financial instruments
may or may not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. In addition, certain consolidated seed investments may enter into derivative
financial instruments within their portfolios to achieve stated investment objectives. The Company does not use derivative financial
instruments for speculative purposes. 

The Company records all derivative financial instruments
as either assets or liabilities on its Consolidated Balance Sheets and measures these instruments at fair value. Derivative transactions
are presented on a gross basis in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. For a derivative financial instrument that is
designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of the derivative s gain or loss is initially reported
as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified into earnings over the life of the hedge. The
ineffective portion of the gain or loss is reported in earnings immediately. Changes in the fair value of the Company s other
derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings in the current period. 

Deferred sales commissions   

Sales commissions paid to broker-dealers in connection
with the sale of certain classes of shares of sponsored open-end and private funds are generally deferred and amortized over the
period during which redemptions by the purchasing shareholder are subject to a contingent deferred sales charge, which does not
exceed six years from purchase. Distribution plan payments received from these funds are recorded in revenue as earned. Contingent
deferred sales charges and early withdrawal charges received from redeeming shareholders of these sponsored funds are generally
applied to reduce the Company s unamortized deferred sales commission assets. Should the Company lose its ability to recover
such sales commissions through distribution plan payments and contingent deferred sales charges, the value of its deferred sales
commission asset would immediately decline, as would related future cash flows. 

The Company evaluates the carrying value of its deferred
sales commission asset for impairment on a quarterly basis. In its impairment analysis, the Company compares the carrying value
of the deferred sales commission asset to the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset in the form of 

distribution fees over its remaining useful life to determine
whether impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, the asset is written down
to fair value based on discounted cash flows. Impairment adjustments are recognized in operating income as a component of amortization
of deferred sales commissions. 

Income taxes   

Deferred income taxes reflect the expected future tax
consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax bases of the Company s assets and liabilities
measured using rates expected to be in effect when such differences reverse. To the extent that deferred tax assets are considered
more likely than not to be unrealizable, valuation allowances are provided. 

The Company s effective tax rate reflects the statutory
tax rates of the many jurisdictions in which it operates. Significant judgment is required in evaluating its tax positions. In
the ordinary course of business, many transactions occur for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Accounting standards
governing the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes for a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return require
that the tax effects of a position be recognized only if it is more likely than not to be sustained based solely on its technical
merits as of the reporting date. The more-likely-than-not threshold must be met in each reporting period to support continued recognition
of the benefit. The difference between the tax benefit recognized in the financial statements for a tax position and the tax benefit
claimed in the income tax return is referred to as an unrecognized tax benefit. Unrecognized tax benefits, as well as the related
interest and penalties, are adjusted regularly to reflect changing facts and circumstances. The Company classifies any interest
or penalties incurred as a component of income tax expense. 

Equipment and leasehold improvements   

Equipment and other fixed assets are recorded at cost
and depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from three to five years. Accelerated methods
are used for income tax purposes. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated
useful lives or the terms of the leases. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Equipment
and leasehold improvements are tested for impairment whenever changes in facts or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of an asset may not be recoverable. 

Certain internal and external costs incurred in connection
with developing or obtaining software for internal use are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter
of the estimated useful life of the software or three years, beginning when the software project is complete and the application
is put into production. These costs are included in equipment and leasehold improvements on the Company s Consolidated Balance
Sheets. 

Goodwill   

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of the Company s
investment in the net assets of acquired companies over the fair value of the underlying identifiable net assets at the dates of
acquisition. The Company attributes all goodwill associated with its acquisitions of Atlanta Capital Management Company, LLC ( Atlanta
Capital ), Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC ( Parametric ) and The Clifton Group Investment Management Company
( Clifton ), which share similar economic characteristics, to one reporting unit. The Company attributes all goodwill
associated with its acquisition of the Tax Advantaged 

Bond Strategies ( TABS ) business of M.D.
Sass Investor Services and other acquisitions to a second reporting unit. 

Goodwill is not amortized but is tested annually for
impairment in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year by comparing the fair values of identified reporting units to their respective
carrying amounts, including goodwill. The Company establishes fair value for the purpose of impairment testing for each reporting
unit by using an income approach and a market approach. 

The income approach employs a discounted cash flow model
that takes into account (1) assumptions that market participants would use in their estimates of fair value, (2) current period
actual results and (3) budget projections for future periods that have been vetted by senior management. The discounted cash flow
model incorporates the same fundamental pricing concepts used to calculate fair value in the acquisition due diligence process
and a discount rate that takes into consideration the Company s estimated cost of capital adjusted for the uncertainty inherent
in the forecasted information. 

The market approach employs market multiples based on
comparable publicly traded companies in the financial services industry, calculated with data from industry sources. Estimates
of fair value are established using current and forward multiples of both revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization ( EBITDA ), adjusted for size and performance of the reporting unit relative to peer companies. 

If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds
its calculated fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test will be performed to measure the amount of the impairment
loss, if any. 

Intangible assets   

Amortizing identifiable intangible assets generally represent
the cost of client relationships, intellectual property and management contracts acquired. In valuing these assets, the Company
makes assumptions regarding useful lives and projected growth rates, and significant judgment is required. The Company periodically
reviews its identifiable intangible assets for impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of such assets may not be recoverable. If the carrying amounts of those assets exceed their respective fair values, additional
impairment tests are performed to measure the amounts of the impairment losses, if any. 

Non-amortizing intangible assets generally represent
the cost of mutual fund management contracts acquired. Non-amortizing intangible assets are tested for impairment in the fourth
quarter of each fiscal year by comparing the fair values of the management contracts acquired to their carrying values. The Company
establishes fair value for purposes of impairment testing using the income approach. If the carrying value of a management contract
acquired exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to that excess. 

Debt issuance costs   

Deferred debt issuance costs are amortized using the
effective interest method over the related debt term and are included in other assets. The amortization of deferred debt issuance
costs is included in interest expense. 

Appropriated retained earnings
(deficit)   

The Company records appropriated retained earnings (deficit)
equal to the difference between the fair value of consolidated CLO entity assets and the fair value of consolidated CLO entity
liabilities that can be attributed to external investors. The amount is recorded as appropriated retained earnings (deficit) since
the other holders of the CLO entity s beneficial interests, not the Company, will receive the benefits or absorb the losses
associated with their proportionate share of the CLO entity s assets and liabilities. For all periods presented, the net
changes in the fair value of consolidated CLO entity assets and liabilities that can be attributed to the CLO entity s other
beneficial interest holders have been recorded as net income attributable to non-controlling and other beneficial interests and
as an adjustment to appropriated retained earnings (deficit). 

Revenue recognition   

Investment advisory and administrative fees  

 Investment advisory and administrative fees for the funds
and investment advisory fees for separate accounts managed by the Company are recorded in revenue as the services are performed.
Such fees are based primarily on predetermined percentages of the market values of the assets under management. The Company s
fund investment advisory and administrative fees are calculated principally as a percentage of average daily net assets. The Company s
separate account investment advisory fees are calculated as a percentage of either beginning, average or ending monthly or quarterly
net assets. Investment advisory and administrative fees for the funds are earned daily and paid monthly; investment advisory fees
for separate accounts are earned daily and paid either monthly or quarterly. The Company may waive certain fees for investment
and administrative services at its discretion. 

Performance fees are generated on certain fund and separate
account management contracts when specific performance hurdles are met. Such fees are recorded in investment advisory and administrative
fees as of the performance measurement date, when the outcome can be reasonably assured and measured reliably. 

The Company has contractual arrangements with third parties
to provide certain fund-related services, including sub-advisory and distribution-related services. Management s determination
of whether revenue should be reported gross based on the amount paid by the funds or net of payments to third-party service providers
is based on management s assessment of whether the Company is acting as the principal service provider or is acting as an
agent. The primary factors considered in assessing the nature of the Company s role include (1) whether the Company is responsible
for the fulfillment of the obligation, including the acceptability of the services provided; (2) whether the Company has reasonable
latitude to establish the price of the service provided; (3) whether the Company has the discretion to select the service provider;
and (4) whether the Company assumes credit risk in the arrangement. 

Pursuant to management s assessment of the criteria
described above, investment advisory and administrative fees are recorded gross of any sub-advisory payments, with the corresponding
fees paid to any sub-adviser based on the terms of those arrangements included in fund-related expenses in the Company s
Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Distribution, underwriter and service fees  

 Distribution and service fees for all share classes subject
to these fees are calculated as a percentage of average daily net assets and recorded in revenue as earned, gross of any third-party
distribution and 

service fee payments made. Distribution and service fees
are earned daily and paid monthly. The expenses associated with third-party distribution and service fee arrangements are recorded
in distribution and service fee expense, respectively, as the services are provided by the third party. These expenses are also
paid monthly. 

Underwriter commissions are earned on sales of shares
of sponsored mutual funds on which investors pay a sales charge at the time of purchase. Sales charges and underwriter commissions
are waived or reduced on shareholder purchases that exceed specified minimum amounts and on purchases by certain categories of
investors. 

Advertising and promotion   

The Company expenses all advertising and promotional
costs as incurred. Advertising costs incurred were not material to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements in the
fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 or 2014. 

Leases   

The Company leases office space under various leasing
arrangements. As leases expire, they are normally renewed or replaced in the ordinary course of business. Most lease agreements
contain renewal options, rent escalation clauses and/or other inducements provided by the landlord. Rent expense is recorded on
a straight-line basis, including escalations and inducements, over the lease term. 

Earnings per share   

Earnings per basic and diluted share
are calculated under the two-class method. Pursuant to the two-class method, the Company s unvested restricted stock awards
with non-forfeitable rights to dividends, which relate exclusively to restricted stock awards granted on or before November 1,
2012, are considered participating securities and net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders is adjusted for the
allocation of earnings to these participating securities. Earnings per diluted share is then computed on the basis of the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding during the period plus the dilutive effect of any potential common shares outstanding during
the period using the more dilutive of the treasury method or two-class method. 

Stock-based compensation   

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation expense
at fair value. Under the fair value method, stock-based compensation expense, which reflects the fair value of stock-based awards
measured at grant date, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the relevant service period (generally five years) and is adjusted
each period for anticipated forfeitures. 

The fair value of each option award granted is estimated
using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The Black-Scholes option valuation model incorporates assumptions as to dividend
yield, expected volatility, an appropriate risk-free interest rate and the expected life of the option. 

The fair value of profit interests granted under subsidiary
long-term equity plans is estimated on the grant date by averaging fair value established using an income approach and fair value
established using a 

market approach for each subsidiary. The income and fair
value approaches used in the determination of grant date fair value of profit interests are consistent with those described in
Goodwill above. 

Tax benefits realized upon the exercise of stock options
that are in excess of the expense previously recognized for financial reporting purposes are recorded in shareholders  equity
and reflected as a financing activity in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. If the tax benefit realized
is less than the expense previously recorded, the shortfall is recorded in shareholders  equity. To the extent the expense
exceeds available windfall tax benefits, it is recorded in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income and reflected
as an operating activity on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Foreign currency translation   

Substantially all of the Company s foreign subsidiaries
have a functional currency that is something other than the U.S. dollar. Assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated
into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates as of the end of each accounting period. Related revenue and expenses are translated
at average exchange rates in effect during the accounting period. Net translation exchange gains and losses are excluded from income
and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are reflected in gains
(losses) and other investment income, net, as they occur. 

Comprehensive income   

The Company reports all changes in comprehensive income
in its Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Comprehensive income includes net income, the change in unrealized gains
on certain derivatives, the amortization of net gains and losses on certain derivatives, unrealized holding gains and losses on
investment securities classified as available-for-sale and foreign currency translation adjustments, in each case net of tax. When
the Company has established an indefinite reinvestment assertion for a foreign subsidiary, deferred income taxes are not provided
on the related foreign currency translation. 

Non-controlling interests   

Non-redeemable non-controlling interests consist entirely
of unvested interests granted to employees of the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries under subsidiary-specific long-term
equity plans. These grants become subject to holder put rights upon vesting and are reclassified to temporary equity as vesting
occurs. 

Non-controlling interests redeemable at fair value consist
of interests in the Company s consolidated sponsored funds and certain vested interests held by employees of our majority-owned
subsidiaries that were granted under the subsidiaries  long-term equity plans. The Company s non-controlling interests
redeemable at fair value are recorded in temporary equity at estimated redemption value and changes in the estimated redemption
value of these interests are recognized as increases or decreases to additional paid-in capital. 

Non-controlling interests redeemable at other than fair
value consist of certain other interests in the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries. These interests are subject to holder
put rights and Company call rights at established multiples of earnings before interest and taxes and, as such, are considered 

redeemable at other than fair value. The put and call
rights are not legally detachable or separately exercisable and are deemed to be embedded in the related non-controlling interests.
Non-controlling interests redeemable at other than fair value are recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets in
temporary equity at estimated redemption value, and changes in estimated redemption value of these interests are recorded in the
Company s Consolidated Statements of Income as increases or decreases to net income attributable to non-controlling and other
beneficial interests. 

Loss contingencies   

The Company continuously reviews any investor, employee
or vendor complaints and pending or threatened litigation. The Company evaluates the likelihood that a loss contingency exists
under the criteria of applicable accounting standards through consultation with legal counsel and records a loss contingency, inclusive
of legal costs, if the contingency is probable and reasonably estimable at the date of the financial statements. There are no losses
of this nature that are currently deemed probable and reasonably estimable, and, thus, none have been recorded in the accompanying
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2.    New Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted    

Consolidation   

In February 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued an amendment to existing consolidation guidance. The amendment modifies the consolidation framework
for certain investment entities and all limited partnerships and eliminates the deferral of accounting guidance that requires separate
evaluation for investment company VIEs and other VIEs. The new guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within
those annual periods, for the Company s fiscal year that begins on November 1, 2016 and allows for either a full retrospective
or a modified retrospective adoption approach. The Company intends to adopt the guidance on a modified retrospective basis and
further anticipates that certain of its sponsored investment vehicles will be subject to consolidation at an ownership percentage
that is lower than the currently employed threshold of 50 percent. 

Financial Instruments   

In January 2016, FASB issued an amendment to its financial
instruments guidance. The amendment requires substantially all equity investments in non-consolidated entities to be measured at
fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, except for those investments accounted for using the equity method
of accounting. There will no longer be an available-for-sale classification for equity securities with readily determinable fair
values. The new guidance is effective for the Company s fiscal year that begins on November 1, 2018 and requires a modified
retrospective approach to adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements
and related disclosures. As indicated, changes in the fair value of the Company s investment securities classified as available-for-sale
will no longer be reported through other comprehensive income, but rather through earnings. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued new guidance for the accounting
for credit losses, which changes the impairment model for most financial assets. The new guidance requires the use of an  expected
loss  model for instruments measured at amortized cost and an allowance for credit loss model for available-for-sale debt
securities. The new guidance is effective for the Company s fiscal year that begins on 

November 1, 2020 and requires a modified retrospective
approach to adoption. Early adoption is permitted for the fiscal year beginning November 1, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating
the potential impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 

Debt issuance costs   

In April 2015, the FASB issued new guidance requiring
debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying
amount of that debt liability, consistent with the presentation of debt discounts and premiums. The new guidance is effective for
the Company s fiscal year that begins on November 1, 2016 and requires retrospective application for each prior period presented.
At October 31, 2016, the Company had $2.9 million of debt issuance costs in other assets on its Consolidated Balance Sheet that
meet the criteria of this amendment. 

Leases   

In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance for the
accounting for leases, which requires a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and
obligations created by those leases with a lease term of more than twelve months. Leases will continue to be classified as either
financing or operating, with classification affecting the recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows
arising from a lease. The new guidance is effective for the Company s fiscal year that begins on November 1, 2019 and requires
a modified retrospective approach to adoption. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact
on its Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 

Stock-based compensation   

In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance for the accounting
for stock-based compensation. The new guidance requires all income tax effects of stock-based compensation to be recognized as
income tax expense when the awards vest or settle, provides an election to account for forfeitures as they occur and clarifies
the classification of these transactions in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance is effective for the Company s
fiscal year that begins on November 1, 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact
on its Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 

Revenue recognition   

In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance for revenue
recognition. The new guidance seeks to improve comparability by removing inconsistencies in revenue recognition practices. The
core principle of the guidance requires companies to recognize revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be received for the goods or services. This guidance was further updated
in March 2016 to clarify how companies should evaluate the principal versus agent aspects of the previously issued revenue guidance.
The new guidance is effective for the Company s fiscal year that begins on November 1, 2018 and requires a modified retrospective
approach to adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements and related
disclosures. 

Statement of Cash Flows   

In August 2016, the FASB issued  new
guidance  that addresses  eight specific cash flow issues to reduce diversity in practice in
how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented on the Statements of Cash Flows. The new guidance is effective for the
Company s fiscal year that begins November 1, 2018 and requires a retrospective transition method. The Company is evaluating
the impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.  

3.    Consolidated Sponsored Funds    

Underlying investments held by consolidated sponsored
funds were included in investments on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and classified as trading securities at October
31, 2016 and 2015. Net investment income or (loss) related to consolidated sponsored funds was included in gains (losses) and other
investment income, net, on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for all periods presented. The impact of consolidated
sponsored funds  net income or (loss) on net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders was reduced by amounts
attributable to non-controlling interest holders, which are recorded in net income attributable to non-controlling and other beneficial
interests on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for all periods presented. The Company s risk with respect
to each investment in a consolidated sponsored fund is limited to its equity ownership and any uncollected management and performance
fees. 

The following table sets forth the balances related to
consolidated sponsored funds at October 31, 2016 and 2015, as well as the Company s net interest in these funds: 

(1)     Excludes the Company's investment in its consolidated CLO entity, which is discussed in Note 8.    

4.    Investments    

The following is a summary of investments at October
31, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)     Excludes the Company's investment in its consolidated CLO entity, which is discussed in Note 8.    

Investment securities, trading   

The following is a summary of the fair value of investments
classified as trading at October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

The Company recognized gains (losses) related to trading
securities still held at the reporting date of $11.3 million, $(14.7) million and $(6.9) million for the years ended October 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, within gains (losses) and other investment income, net, in the Company s Consolidated
Statements of Income. 

Investment securities, available-for-sale   

The following is a summary of the gross unrealized gains
(losses) included in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to securities classified as available-for-sale at October 31,
2016 and 2015: 

Net unrealized holding gains (losses)
on investment securities classified as available-for-sale included in other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company s
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income were $0.7 million, $(8,000) and $1.9 million for the years ended October 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The Company recognized $0.3 million
of other-than-temporary impairment losses related to investment securities classified as available-for-sale, which amount is included
in gains (losses) and other investment income, net, on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended
October 31, 2016. The Company did not recognize any impairment losses on investment securities classified as available-for-sale
for the years ended October 31, 2015 or 2014. 

The aggregate fair value of investments
with unrealized losses at October 31, 2016 was $0.3 million; unrealized losses related to these investments totaled $14,000. No
investment with a gross unrealized loss has been in a loss position for greater than one year. 

The following is a summary of the Company s
realized gains and losses recognized upon disposition of investments classified as available-for-sale for the years ended October
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Investments in non-consolidated
CLO entities   

The Company provides investment management services for,
and has made investments in, a number of CLO entities that it does not consolidate on its Consolidated Financial Statements. The
Company s ownership interests in non-consolidated CLO entities are carried at amortized cost unless impaired. The Company
earns investment management fees, including subordinated management fees, for managing the collateral of these CLO entities. At
October 31, 2016 and 2015, combined assets under management in the pools of non-consolidated CLO entities were $2.0 billion and
$2.1 billion, respectively. The Company s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its investments in the equity of non-consolidated
CLO entities is the carrying value of such investments, which was $3.8 million and $4.4 million at October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Investors in these CLO entities have no recourse against the Company for any losses sustained in the CLO structures. 

The Company recognized a $0.3 million impairment loss
related to the Company s investment in one of its non-consolidated CLO entities in fiscal 2016. The Company did not recognize
any impairment losses on investments in non-consolidated CLO entities for the years ended October 31, 2015 or 2014. 

Investments in equity method
investees   

The Company has a 49 percent interest in Hexavest Inc.
( Hexavest ), a Montreal, Canada-based investment adviser. The carrying value of this investment was $137.3 million
and $142.1 million at October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At October 31, 2016, the Company s investment in Hexavest
consisted of $5.3 million of equity in the net assets of Hexavest, definite-lived intangible assets of $24.5 million and goodwill
of $114.1 million, net of a deferred tax liability of $6.6 million. At October 31, 2015, the Company s investment in Hexavest
consisted of $5.5 million of equity in the net assets of Hexavest, definite-lived intangible assets of $27.0 million and goodwill
of $116.9 million, net of a deferred tax liability of $7.3 million. The investment is denominated in Canadian dollars and is subject
to foreign currency translation adjustments, which are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

The Company has an option, exercisable in fiscal 2017,
to purchase an additional 26 percent interest in Hexavest. As part of the purchase price allocation, a value of $8.3 million was
assigned to this option. The option is included in other assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 31,
2016 and 2015. 

The Company also has a seven percent equity interest
in a private equity partnership managed by a third party that invests in companies in the financial services industry. The Company s
investment in the partnership was $2.6 million and $2.0 million at October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Summarized financial information on a stand-alone basis
for the Company s equity method investees at October 31, 2016 and 2015 and for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014 is as follows: 

The Company did not recognize any impairment losses related
to its investments in equity method investees during the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 or 2014. 

During the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
the Company received dividends of $11.5 million, $15.9 million and $16.1 million, respectively, from its investments in equity
method investees. 

Investments, other   

Investments, other, consist of certain
investments carried at cost totaling $19.2 million and $2.2 million as of October 31, 2016 and 2015. 

During the fiscal year ended October
31, 2016, the Company participated as lead investor in an equity financing in SigFig, an independent San Francisco-based wealth
management technology firm. The Company s investment in SigFig was $17.0 million at October 31, 2016. 

Management believes that the carrying
value of the Company s other investments, including its investment in SigFig, approximates fair value. 

5.    Derivative Financial Instruments    

Derivative financial instruments designated as
cash flow hedges   

In fiscal 2013, the Company entered into a forward-starting
interest rate swap in connection with the offering of its 3.625 percent unsecured senior notes due June 15, 2023 ( 2023 Senior
Notes ) and recorded the unamortized gain on the swap in other comprehensive income (loss). The Company reclassified $0.2
million of the deferred gain into interest expense in each of the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and will reclassify
the remaining $1.3 million of unamortized gain at October 31, 2016 to earnings as a component of interest expense over the remaining
term of the debt. During the next twelve months, the Company expects to reclassify approximately $0.2 million of the gain into
interest expense. 

In fiscal 2007, the Company entered into a Treasury lock
transaction in connection with the offering of its 6.5 percent unsecured senior notes due October 2, 2017 ( 2017 Senior Notes )
and recorded the unamortized loss on the lock in other comprehensive income (loss). The Company reclassified $0.2 million of the
deferred loss into interest expense in each of the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and will reclassify the remaining
$0.2 million of unamortized loss at October 31, 2016 to earnings as a component of interest expense over the next twelve months,
which represents the remaining term of the debt. 

Other derivative financial instruments not designated
for hedge accounting   

The Company utilizes stock index futures contracts, total
return swap contracts, foreign exchange contracts, commodity futures contracts, interest rate futures contracts and interest rate
swap contracts to hedge the market, commodity and currency risks associated with its investments in certain consolidated sponsored
funds and separately managed accounts seeded for new product development purposes ( consolidated seed investments ). 

Excluding consolidated seed investments, the Company
was a party to the following derivative financial instruments at October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

The Company has not designated any of these derivative
contracts as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. The derivative contracts outstanding and the notional values they represent
at October 31, 2016 and 2015 are representative of derivative balances throughout each respective year. The weighted-average remaining
contract term for derivative contracts outstanding at October 31, 2016 was 2.2 months. 

The Company has not elected to offset fair value amounts
related to derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty under master netting arrangements; as a result, the Company
records all derivative financial instruments as either other assets or other liabilities, gross, on its Consolidated Balance Sheets
and measures them at fair value (see Note 1). The following tables present the fair value of derivative financial instruments,
excluding consolidated seed investments, not designated for hedge accounting, and how they are reflected in the Company s
Consolidated Financial Statements as of October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

Changes in the fair value of derivative contracts are
recognized in gains (losses) and other investment income, net (see Note 15). The Company recognized the following net gains (losses)
on derivative financial instruments for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

In addition to the derivative contracts described above,
certain consolidated sponsored funds and separately managed accounts may utilize derivative financial instruments within their
portfolios in pursuit of their stated investment objectives. See Note 3 for discussion of consolidated sponsored funds. 

In the normal course of business, the Company maintains
investments in sponsored products that are considered VIEs. These variable interests generally represent seed investments made
by the Company, as collateral manager or investment adviser, to launch or market these vehicles. The Company receives management
fees for the services it provides as collateral manager or investment adviser to these entities. These fees may also be considered
variable interests. 

Investments in VIEs that are consolidated   

Consolidated sponsored funds  

 The Company invests in investment companies that meet
the definition of a VIE. Disclosure regarding such consolidated sponsored funds is included in Note 3. 

Consolidated CLO entities  

 As of October 31, 2016, the Company was not deemed to
be the primary beneficiary of any non-recourse CLO entities. 

The assets of previously consolidated CLO entities were
held solely as collateral to satisfy the obligations of the entity. The Company had no right to the benefits from, nor did the
Company bear the risks associated with, the assets held by consolidated CLO entities beyond the Company s beneficial interest
therein and management fees generated from the entity. The note holders and other creditors of consolidated CLO entities had no
recourse to the Company s general assets. The Company was not a party to any explicit arrangements nor did it hold any implicit
variable interests that would require it to provide any ongoing financial support to these entities. 

Interest income and expense were recorded on an accrual
basis and reported as gains (losses) and other investment income, net, and as interest expense in interest and other expense, respectively,
of the consolidated CLO entities in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended October 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014. Substantially all ongoing gains (losses) related to the consolidated CLO entities  bank loans, other
investments and note obligations and redeemable preferred shares recorded in earnings for the periods presented are attributable
to changes in instrument-specific credit considerations. 

Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1  

 Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 began as a warehouse-stage CLO
in February 2015. The pricing of Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 occurred on October 6, 2015, at which time the Company assumed the power
to direct the activities that most significantly affect the financial performance of the entity. At pricing, the Company entered
into a trade commitment to acquire approximately 16.1 percent of the subordinated interests to be issued at closing on October
29, 2015, representing a controlling financial interest in the entity. As a result, the Company began consolidating Eaton Vance
CLO 2015-1 from October 6, 2015. On September 21, 2016, the Company sold its 16.1 percent subordinated interest in Eaton Vance
CLO 2015-1 to an unrelated third party, recognizing a gain on disposal of $0.1 million. Although the Company continues to serve
as collateral manager of the entity and therefore has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic
performance of the entity, the Company concluded that it was no longer the primary beneficiary of the entity upon disposition of
its 16.1 percent residual interest. As a result, the Company deconsolidated Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 effective September 21, 2016. 

The Company irrevocably elected the fair value option
for measurement of substantially all financial assets of Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 at pricing. The Company irrevocably elected the
fair value option for the senior and subordinated note obligations of Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 upon their issuance to mitigate any
accounting mismatches between the carrying value of the note obligations and the carrying value of the assets held to provide the
cash flows for those note obligations. Unrealized gains and losses on assets and liabilities for which the fair value option was
elected are reported in gains and other investment income, net, of consolidated CLO entities in the Consolidated Statements of
Income. 

The following table presents, as of October 31, 2015,
the fair value of Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 s assets and liabilities that were subject to fair value accounting: 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015, the Company
recorded approximately $2.4 million of organizational and structuring costs and other expenses associated with the closing of Eaton
Vance CLO 2015-1 in interest and other expense of consolidated CLO entities in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. 

Changes in the fair values of Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 s
bank loans and other investments resulted in net gains (losses) of $2.4 million and $(28,550) for the fiscal years ended October
31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, while changes in the fair value of Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 s note obligations resulted in
net gains (losses) of $3.7 million for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016. The combined net gains (losses) of $6.1 million
and $(28,550), respectively, for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 were recorded in gains and other investment income,
net, of consolidated CLO entities in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for these periods. 

For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015,
the Company recorded net gains (losses) of $10.6 million (including a gain on disposal of its subordinated interest of $0.1 million
during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016) and $(4.2) million, respectively, related to Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1. The Company
recorded net gains (losses) attributable to other beneficial interests of $9.8 million and $(4.4) million for the fiscal years
ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders was $0.8 million and $0.2
million for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities related
to Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 are separately identified on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet at October 31, 2015. The
Company s subordinated interest in Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 of $4.6 million at October 31, 2015 was eliminated in consolidation. 

Eaton Vance CLO IX  

 The Company irrevocably elected the fair value option
for all financial assets and liabilities of Eaton Vance CLO IX upon its initial consolidation on November 1, 2010. Unrealized gains
and losses on assets and liabilities carried at fair value were reported in gains and other investment income, net, of consolidated
CLO entities in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. On November 13, 2014, the Company sold its 8 percent residual
interest in Eaton Vance CLO IX to an unrelated third party and recognized a loss on disposal of $0.3 million. During the third
quarter of fiscal 2015, a majority of the holders of the subordinated notes elected to liquidate Eaton Vance CLO IX, with redemption
occurring nearly in full on the scheduled July 20, 2015 payment date. The Company will remain the collateral manager of Eaton Vance
CLO IX through resolution of the disposal of all remaining collateral assets. The Company made the decision to deconsolidate Eaton
Vance CLO IX in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, as the remaining net assets of Eaton Vance CLO IX of $4.9 million were not material
to the Company s financial position. 

Changes in the fair values of Eaton Vance CLO IX s
bank loans and other investments resulted in net losses of $3.2 million and $2.4 million for the fiscal years ended October 31,
2015 and 2014, respectively, while changes in the fair value of Eaton Vance CLO IX s note obligations resulted in net gains
(losses) of $5.1 million and $(1.2) million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2015 and 2014. The combined net
gains (losses) of $1.9 million and $(3.6) million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2015 and 2014 were recorded
in gains and other investment income, net, of consolidated CLO entities on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income
for these periods. 

During the fiscal years ended October 31, 2015 and 2014,
$144.2 million and $128.4 million, respectively, of prepayments were used to pay down the entity s note obligations. The
entity s senior notes were paid down in full as a result of a majority of the holders of the subordinated notes electing
to liquidate Eaton Vance CLO IX during the third quarter of fiscal 2015. 

For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2015 and 2014,
the Company recorded net gains (losses) of $2.0 million (including the loss on disposal of its subordinated interest of $(0.3)
million) and $(2.2) million, respectively, related to Eaton Vance CLO IX. The Company recorded net losses attributable to other
beneficial interests of $1.4 million and $5.1 million for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Net income
attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders was $3.4 million and $2.9 million for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively. 

Eaton Vance CLO 2013-1  

 The Company irrevocably elected the fair value option
for measurement of substantially all financial assets of Eaton Vance CLO 2013-1 upon its initial consolidation on October 11, 2013,
when the senior note obligations and redeemable preferred shares of the CLO were priced. At pricing, the Company entered into a
trade commitment to acquire 20 percent of the redeemable preferred shares of the entity to be issued at closing on November 13,
2013, representing a variable, although not beneficial, interest in the entity. The Company irrevocably elected the fair value
option for the senior note obligations and redeemable preferred shares of Eaton Vance CLO 2013-1 upon their issuance. On May 1,
2014, the Company sold its 20 percent residual interest in Eaton Vance CLO 2013-1. Although the Company continues to serve as collateral
manager of the entity and therefore has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance
of the entity, the Company concluded that it was no longer the primary beneficiary of the entity upon disposition of its 20 percent
residual interest, at which time the Company deconsolidated the entity. The Company continues to hold a $1.4 million beneficial
interest in the form of note obligations issued by Eaton Vance CLO 2013-1, which is carried at amortized cost. 

Unrealized gains and losses on assets and liabilities
for which the fair value option was elected are reported in gains and other investment income, net, of the consolidated CLO entities
in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014, approximately
$4.8 million of organizational and structuring costs associated with the closing of Eaton Vance CLO 2013-1 were recorded in interest
and other expense of consolidated CLO entities in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income. 

Changes in the fair values of Eaton Vance CLO 2013-1 s
bank loans and other investments resulted in a net loss of $39,000 during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014, while changes
in the fair value of Eaton Vance CLO 2013-1 s note obligations resulted in a net gain of $2.4 million during the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2014. The combined net gain of $2.4 million for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014 was recorded in gains
and other investment income, net, of consolidated CLO entities on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income for that
period. 

For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014 the Company
recorded net income of $2.0 million related to Eaton Vance CLO 2013-1. The Company recorded net income attributable to other beneficial
interests of $1.1 million for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014. Net income attributable to Eaton Vance Corp. shareholders
was $0.9 million during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014. 

Investments in VIEs that are not consolidated   

Sponsored funds  

 The Company classifies its investments in certain sponsored
funds that are considered VIEs as either equity method investments (generally when the Company owns more than 20 percent but less
than 50 percent of the fund) or as available-for-sale investments (generally when the Company owns less than 20 percent of the
fund) when it is not considered the primary beneficiary of these VIEs. The Company provides aggregated disclosures with respect
to these non-consolidated sponsored fund VIEs in Note 4. 

Non-consolidated CLO entities  

 The Company is not deemed the primary beneficiary of
several CLO entities in which it holds variable interests. In its role as collateral manager, the Company often has the power to
direct the activities of the CLO entities that most significantly impact the economic performance of these entities. In developing
its conclusion that it is not the primary beneficiary of these entities, the Company determined that, for certain of these entities,
although it has variable interests in each by virtue of its residual interests therein and the collateral management fees it receives,
its variable interests neither individually nor in the aggregate represent an obligation to absorb losses of, or a right to receive
benefits from, any such entity that could potentially be significant to that entity. Quantitative factors supporting the Company s
qualitative conclusion in each case included the relative size of the Company s residual interest and the overall magnitude
and design of the collateral management fees within each structure. 

Non-consolidated CLO entities had total assets of $2.0
billion and $2.1 billion as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company s variable interests in these entities
consist of the Company s direct ownership in these entities and any subordinated management fees earned but uncollected.
The Company s investment in these entities totaled $3.8 million and $4.4 million as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Collateral management fees receivable for these entities totaled $1.4 million and $1.8 million on October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The Company did not provide any financial or other support to these entities that it was not previously contractually required
to provide in any of the fiscal 

years presented. The Company s risk of loss with
respect to these managed CLO entities is limited to the carrying value of its investments in, and collateral management fees receivable
from, these entities as of October 31, 2016. 

The Company s investment in non-consolidated CLO
entities is carried at amortized cost and is disclosed as a component of investments in Note 4. Income from these entities is recorded
as a component of gains and other investment income, net, in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income, based upon
projected investment yields. 

Other entities  

 The Company holds variable interests in, but is not deemed
to be the primary beneficiary of, certain sponsored privately offered equity funds with total assets of $13.5 billion and $12.7
billion as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company has determined that these entities qualify for the deferral
of accounting guidance that requires separate evaluation for investment company VIEs and other VIEs, and thus assesses whether
it is the primary beneficiary of these entities based on the Company s exposure to the expected losses and expected residual
returns of the entity. The Company s variable interests in these entities consist of the Company s direct ownership
therein, which in each case is insignificant relative to the total ownership of the fund, and any investment advisory fees earned
but uncollected. The Company held investments in these entities totaling $2.2 million on both October 31, 2016 and 2015, and investment
advisory fees receivable totaling $0.8 million and $0.7 million on October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company did not
provide any financial or other support to these entities that it was not contractually required to provide in any of the fiscal
years presented. The Company s risk of loss with respect to these managed entities is limited to the carrying value of its
investments in, and investment advisory fees receivable from, the entities as of October 31, 2016. The Company does not consolidate
these VIEs because it does not hold the majority of the risks and rewards of ownership. 

The Company s investments in privately offered
equity funds are carried at fair value and included in investment securities, available-for-sale, which are disclosed as a component
of investments in Note 4. The Company records any change in fair value, net of income tax, in other comprehensive income (loss). 

7.    Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis     

The following tables summarize financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and their assigned levels within the valuation hierarchy at October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)     The Company s investments in these CLO entities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis using Level 3
inputs. The investments are carried at amortized cost unless facts and circumstances indicate that the investments have been impaired,
at which time the investments are written down to fair value. During fiscal 2016, the Company recognized $0.3 million of other-than-temporary
impairment losses related to its investment in one non-consolidated CLO entity. The Company did not recognize any impairment losses
on investments in CLO entities during fiscal 2015 or 2014.    

(2)       Investments in equity method investees are not measured at fair value in accordance with GAAP.     

(3)     Investments, other, include investments carried at cost that are not measured at fair value in accordance with GAAP.    

Valuation methodologies   

Cash equivalents  

 Cash equivalents include investments in money market
funds, government agency securities, certificates of deposit and commercial paper with original maturities of less than three months.
Cash investments in actively traded money market funds are valued using published net asset values and are classified as Level
1 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. Government agency securities are valued based upon quoted market prices for similar
assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets that 

are not active and inputs other than quoted prices that
are observable or corroborated by observable market data. The carrying amounts of certificates of deposit and commercial paper
are measured at amortized cost, which approximates fair value due to the short time between the purchase and expected maturity
of the investments. Depending on the nature of the inputs, these assets are generally classified as Level 1 or 2 within the fair
value measurement hierarchy. 

Investment securities, trading   
 short-term debt  

 Short-term debt securities include certificates of deposit,
commercial paper and corporate debt obligations with remaining maturities from three months to 12 months. Short-term debt securities
held are generally valued on the basis of valuations provided by third-party pricing services, as derived from such services 
pricing models. Inputs to the models may include, but are not limited to, reported trades, executable bid and ask prices, broker-dealer
quotations, prices or yields of securities with similar characteristics, benchmark curves or information pertaining to the issuer,
as well as industry and economic events. The pricing services may use a matrix approach, which considers information regarding
securities with similar characteristics to determine the valuation for a security. Depending on the nature of the inputs, these
assets are generally classified as Level 1 or 2 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. 

Investment securities, trading   
 other debt  

 Other debt securities classified as trading include debt
obligations held in the portfolios of consolidated sponsored funds and separately managed accounts. Other debt securities held
are generally valued on the basis of valuations provided by third-party pricing services as described above for investment securities,
trading   short-term debt. Other debt securities purchased with a remaining maturity of 60 days or less (excluding those
that are non-U.S. denominated, which typically are valued by a third-party pricing service or dealer quotes) are generally valued
at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. Depending upon the nature of the inputs, these assets are generally classified
as Level 1 or 2 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. 

Investment securities, trading   
 equity  

 Equity securities classified as trading include foreign
and domestic equity securities held in the portfolios of consolidated sponsored funds and separately managed accounts. Equity securities
are valued at the last sale, official close or, if there are no reported sales on the valuation date, at the mean between the latest
available bid and ask prices on the primary exchange on which they are traded. When valuing foreign equity securities that meet
certain criteria, the portfolios use a fair value service that values such securities to reflect market trading that occurs after
the close of the applicable foreign markets of comparable securities or other instruments that have a strong correlation to the
fair-valued securities. In addition, the Company performs its own independent back test review of fair values versus the subsequent
local market opening prices when available. Depending upon the nature of the inputs, these assets generally are classified as Level
1 or 2 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. 

Investment securities, available-for-sale  

 Investment securities classified as available-for-sale
include investments in sponsored mutual funds and privately offered equity funds. Sponsored mutual funds are valued using published
net asset values and are classified as Level 1 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. Investments in sponsored privately
offered equity funds that are not listed on an active exchange but have net asset values that are comparable to mutual funds and
have no redemption restrictions are classified as Level 2 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. 

Derivative instruments  

 Derivative instruments, which include stock index futures
contracts, foreign exchange contracts, total return swap contracts and commodity futures contracts, are recorded as either other
assets or other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Stock index futures contracts, total return swap
contracts and commodity futures contracts are valued using a third-party pricing service that determines fair value based on bid
and ask prices. Foreign exchange contracts are valued by interpolating a value using the spot foreign exchange rate and forward
points, which are based on spot rate and currency interest rate differentials. Derivative instruments generally are classified
as Level 2 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. 

Assets of consolidated CLO entity  

 Consolidated CLO entity assets include investments in
bank loans. Fair value is determined utilizing unadjusted quoted market prices when available. Interests in senior floating-rate
loans for which reliable market quotations are readily available are valued generally at the average mid-point of bid and ask quotations
obtained from a third-party pricing service. Fair value may also be based upon valuations obtained from independent third-party
brokers or dealers utilizing matrix pricing models that consider information regarding securities with similar characteristics.
In certain instances, fair value has been determined utilizing discounted cash flow analyses or single broker non-binding quotes.
Depending on the nature of the inputs, these assets are classified as Level 2 or 3 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. 

Securities sold, not yet purchased  

 Securities sold, not yet purchased, are recorded as other
liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and are valued by a third-party pricing service that determines
fair value based on bid and ask prices. Securities sold, not yet purchased, generally are classified as Level 2 within the fair
value measurement hierarchy. 

Liabilities of consolidated CLO entity  

 Consolidated CLO entity liabilities include senior and
subordinated note obligations. Senior and subordinated notes generally are valued utilizing an income-approach model in which one
or more significant inputs are unobservable in the market. Depending on the nature of the inputs, these liabilities are classified
as Level 2 or 3 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. 

Transfers in and out of Levels   

The following table summarizes fair value transfers between
Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value measurement hierarchy for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)     Transfers from Level 1 into Level 2 primarily represent debt and equity securities for which unadjusted quoted market prices
in active markets became unavailable in the current period.    

(2)     Transfers from Level 2 into Level 1 primarily represent debt and equity securities for which unadjusted quoted market prices
in active markets became available in the current period.    

Level 3 assets and liabilities   

The following table shows a reconciliation of the beginning
and ending fair value measurements of assets and liabilities valued on a recurring basis and classified as Level 3 within the fair
value measurement hierarchy for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)     Substantially all net gains (losses) on investments and note obligations attributable to the assets and borrowings of the
Company's consolidated CLO entities are allocated to non-controlling and other beneficial interests on the Company's Consolidated
Statements of Income.    

(2)     Represents the Company's subordinated interest, which was previously eliminated in consolidation. The Company sold its interest
in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. Refer to Note 6.    

(3)     Transfers into Level 3 were the result of a reduction in the availability of significant observable inputs used in determining
the fair value of certain instruments.    

(4)     Transfers out of Level 3 were due to an increase in the observability of the inputs used in determining the fair value of
certain instruments.    

As discussed more fully in Note 6, the Company deconsolidated
Eaton Vance CLO 2015-1 and Eaton Vance CLO IX on September 21, 2016 and August 1, 2015, respectively. 

8.    Fair Value Measurements of Other Financial Instruments    

Certain financial instruments are not carried at fair
value, but their fair value is required to be disclosed. The following is a summary of the carrying amounts and estimated fair
values of these financial instruments at October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

As discussed in Note 21, on December
23, 2015, Eaton Vance Management Canada Ltd. ( EVMC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, loaned $5.0 million
to Hexavest under a term loan agreement to seed a new investment strategy. The carrying value of the loan approximates fair value.
The fair value is determined annually using a cash flow model that projects future cash flows based upon contractual obligations,
to which the Company then applies an appropriate discount rate. 

Included in investments, other, is
a non-controlling capital interest in SigFig carried at $17 million at October 31, 2016 (see Note 4). The carrying value of this
investment approximates fair value. 

Included in other assets at October
31, 2016 and 2015 is an option exercisable in fiscal 2017 to acquire an additional 26 percent interest in Hexavest carried at $6.2
million and $6.3 million, respectively. The fair value of this option is determined using a Monte Carlo model, which simulates
potential future market multiples of earnings before interest and taxes ( EBIT ) and compares this to the contractually
fixed multiple of Hexavest s EBIT at which the option can be exercised. The Monte Carlo model uses this array of simulated
multiples and their difference from the contractual multiple times the projected EBIT for Hexavest to estimate the future exercise
value of the option, which is then adjusted to present value. 

The fair value of the Company s
debt has been determined based on quoted prices in inactive markets. 

9.    Equipment and Leasehold Improvements     

The following is a summary of equipment
and leasehold improvements at October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

Depreciation and amortization expense
was $10.9 million, $11.4 million and $10.9 million for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

10.    Acquisitions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets    

Atlanta Capital Management Company, LLC ( Atlanta
Capital )   

In fiscal 2016 and 2015, the Company purchased an additional
0.9 percent and 0.4 percent profit interest in Atlanta Capital for $1.9 million and $0.5 million, respectively, pursuant to the
put and call provisions of the Atlanta Capital Plan. Please see Note 12 for additional information related to the Atlanta Capital
Plan. 

In fiscal 2016 and 2015, the Company purchased an additional
0.02 percent and 1.4 percent profit interest in Atlanta Capital for $0.1 million and $6.8 million, respectively, pursuant to the
terms of the original acquisition agreement, as amended. The purchase price in each instance was based on a multiple of Atlanta
Capital s earnings before taxes for the relevant fiscal period. 

As of October 31, 2016, non-controlling interest holders
of Atlanta Capital retained a 0.5 percent profit interest in Atlanta Capital associated with the original acquisition. Pursuant
to the terms of the original acquisition agreement, as amended, the non-controlling interest holders of Atlanta Capital have the
right to sell an additional 0.1 percent profit interest in Atlanta Capital to the Company at a multiple of Atlanta Capital s
earnings before taxes for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2017. To the extent that the put is not fully exercised based on fiscal
2017 results, non-controlling interest holders have the opportunity to sell the 0.1 percent profit interest, less any portion sold
in prior years, based on the financial results of Atlanta Capital for each fiscal year thereafter. Also pursuant to the terms of
the original acquisition agreement, as amended, the Company has the right to purchase 100 percent of the profit interests related
to the original acquisition retained by non-controlling interest holders as of October 31, 2017 and annually thereafter, at prices
based on the financial results of Atlanta Capital for those fiscal years. Neither the exercise of the puts nor the exercise of
the calls is contingent upon the non-controlling interest holders of Atlanta Capital remaining employees. 

Total profit interests in Atlanta Capital held by non-controlling
interest holders, including direct profit interests related to the original acquisition as well as indirect profit interests issued
pursuant to the Atlanta Capital Plan, decreased to 13.0 percent on October 31, 2016 from 13.1 percent on October 31, 2015, reflecting
the exercise of puts and calls as described above, as well as the grant of an additional 1.4 percent profit interest to employees
of Atlanta Capital pursuant to the terms of the Atlanta Capital Plan in fiscal 2016. Non-controlling interest holders did not hold
any capital interests in Atlanta Capital as of October 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Parametric Portfolio Associates
LLC ( Parametric )   

In November 2013, the non-controlling interest holders
of Parametric Risk Advisors entered into a Unit Acquisition Agreement with Parametric to exchange their remaining ownership interests
in Parametric Risk Advisors (representing a 20 percent ownership interest in the entity) for additional ownership interests in
Parametric Portfolio LP ( Parametric LP ), whose sole asset is ownership interests in Parametric. The Parametric LP
ownership interests issued in the exchange, representing a 0.8 percent profit interest and a 0.8 percent capital interest, contain
put and call features that become exercisable over a four-year period starting in fiscal 2018. As a result of this exchange, Parametric
Risk Advisors became a wholly owned subsidiary of Parametric. 

In December 2012, Parametric acquired Clifton. As part
of the transaction, the Company issued indirect ownership interests in Parametric LP to certain former Clifton employees. These
indirect interests, 

representing a 1.9 percent profit interest and a 1.9
percent capital interest, are subject to certain put and call features that are exercisable over a four-year period that began
at closing. In fiscal 2015, the associated holders exercised a put option and the Company exercised a call option with respect
to the Parametric LP ownership interests issued in conjunction with the Clifton acquisition, resulting in the Company s acquisition
of an indirect 0.5 percent profit interest and a 0.5 percent capital interest in Parametric for a total of $6.7 million. In fiscal
2016, the associated holders exercised a put option and the Company exercised a call option with respect to the Parametric LP ownership
interests issued in conjunction with the Clifton acquisition, resulting in the Company s acquisition of an indirect 0.5 percent
profit interest and a 0.5 percent capital interest in Parametric for a total of $6.2 million. 

In fiscal 2016 and 2015, the Company purchased additional
0.1 percent and 0.5 percent profit interests in Parametric for $0.6 million and $4.2 million, respectively, pursuant to the put
and call provisions of the Parametric Plan. Please see Note 12 for additional information related to the Parametric Plan. 

Total profit interests in Parametric held by non-controlling
interest holders, including indirect profit interests issued pursuant to the Parametric Plan, decreased to 7.0 percent as of October
31, 2016 from 7.4 percent as of October 31, 2015, reflecting the transactions described above, as well as the grant of 0.5 percent
profit interest to employees of Parametric pursuant to the terms of the Parametric Plan in fiscal 2016. Total capital interests
in Parametric held by non-controlling interest holders decreased to 1.8 percent as of October 31, 2016 from 2.2 percent as of October
31, 2015. 

Tax Advantaged Bond Strategies ( TABS )   

In fiscal 2009, the Company acquired the TABS business
of M.D. Sass Investors Services, a privately held investment manager based in New York, New York for cash and future consideration.
Subsequent to closing, the TABS business was reorganized as the Tax-Advantaged Bond Strategies division of Eaton Vance Management.
The acquisition was completed prior to the change in accounting for contingent purchase price consideration. Accordingly, all contingent
purchase price payments related to this acquisition are treated as adjustments to the purchase price allocation. 

During fiscal 2016, the Company made a contingent payment
of $10.1 million to the selling group based upon prescribed multiples of TABS s revenue for the twelve months ended December
31, 2015, increasing goodwill by the payment amount, as the acquisition was completed prior to the change in accounting for contingent
purchase price consideration. 

The Company is obligated to make one additional annual
contingent payment to the selling group based on prescribed multiples of TABS s revenue for the twelve months ending December
31, 2016. This future payment will be in cash and will result in an addition to goodwill. An estimate of this payment cannot be
reasonably made. This payment is not contingent upon any member of the selling group remaining an employee of the Company. 

Goodwill   

The changes in the carrying amount
of goodwill for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

All acquired goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 

The Company completed its most recent goodwill impairment
testing in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 and determined that there was no impairment in the carrying value of this asset as
of September 30, 2016. To evaluate the sensitivity of the goodwill impairment testing to the calculation of fair value, the Company
applied a hypothetical 10 percent and 20 percent decrease to the fair value of each reporting unit. Based on such hypothetical
scenarios, the results of the Company s impairment testing would not change, as the reporting units still had an excess of
fair value over the carrying value under both hypothetical scenarios. 

No impairment in the value of goodwill was recognized
during the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 or 2014. 

Intangible assets   

The following is a summary of intangible assets at October
31, 2016 and 2015: 

No impairment in the value of amortizing
or non-amortizing intangible assets was recognized during the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 or 2014. 

Amortization expense was $8.6 million,
$9.7 million and $9.4 million for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Estimated amortization expense
to be recognized by the Company over the next five years is as follows: 

Senior notes due 2017   

During fiscal 2007, the Company issued $500 million in
aggregate principal amount of 6.5 percent unsecured senior notes due October 2, 2017. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears
on April 2 nd  and October 2 nd  of each year. There are no covenants associated with the 2017 Senior Notes. 

During fiscal 2013, the Company purchased $250 million
in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2017 Senior Notes through a tender offer. At October 31, 2016 and 2015, the aggregate
principal amount due was $250 million. 

Senior notes due 2023   

During fiscal 2013, the Company issued $325 million in
aggregate principal amount of 3.625 percent ten-year senior notes due June 15, 2023. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears
on June 15 th  and December 15 th  of each year. At October 31, 2016 and 2015, the carrying value of the 2023
Senior Notes was $324.0 million and $323.8 million, respectively. The 2023 Senior Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations
of the Company. There are no covenants associated with the 2023 Senior Notes. 

Corporate credit facility    

The Company entered into a $300 million
senior unsecured revolving credit facility on October 21, 2014. The credit facility has a five-year term, expiring on October 21,
2019. Under the facility, the Company may borrow up to $300 million at LIBOR-based rates of interest that vary depending on
the level of usage of the facility and credit ratings of the Company. The credit facility is unsecured, contains financial covenants
with respect to leverage and interest coverage, and requires the Company to pay an annual commitment fee on any unused portion.
As of October 31, 2016, the Company had no borrowings under its unsecured revolving credit facility. 

12.    Stock-Based Compensation Plans    

The Company recognized compensation cost related to its
stock-based compensation plans for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 as follows: 

The total income tax benefit recognized for stock-based
compensation arrangements was $24.8 million, $23.3 million and $20.5 million for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. 

Omnibus Incentive Plans 

The 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  2013 Plan ),
which is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board, allows for awards of stock options, restricted shares and phantom
stock units to eligible employees and non-employee Directors. Options to purchase Non-Voting Common Stock granted under the 2013
Plan expire ten years from the date of grant, vest over five years and may not be granted with an exercise price that is less than
the fair market value of the stock as of the close of business on the date of grant. Restricted shares of Non-Voting Common Stock
granted under the 2013 Plan vest over five years and may be subject to performance goals. These performance goals generally relate
to the achievement of specified levels of adjusted operating income. Phantom stock units granted under the 

2013 Plan vest over two years. The 2013 Plan contains
change in control provisions that may accelerate the vesting of awards. A total of 18.5 million shares of Non-Voting Common Stock
have been reserved for issuance under the 2013 Plan. Through October 31, 2016, 4.0 million restricted shares and options to purchase
7.9 million shares have been issued pursuant to the 2013 Plan. 

Stock options  

 The fair value of each stock option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The Black-Scholes option valuation model incorporates assumptions
as to dividend yield, volatility, an appropriate risk-free interest rate and the expected life of the option. Many of these assumptions
require management s judgment. The dividend yield assumption represents the Company s expected dividend yield based
on its historical dividend payouts and the stock price at the date of grant. The Company s stock volatility assumption is
based upon its historical stock price fluctuations. The Company uses historical data to estimate option forfeiture rates and the
expected life of options granted. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S.
Treasury yield curve at the time of grant. 

The weighted-average fair values per share of stock options
granted during the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 using the Black-Scholes option valuation model were as follows: 

Stock option transactions under the 2013 Plan and predecessor
omnibus incentive plans for the year ended October 31, 2016 are summarized as follows: 

The Company received $103.7 million, $82.9 million and
$81.2 million related to the exercise of options for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Shares
issued upon exercise of options represent newly issued shares. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years
ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $32.2 million, $46.2 million and $59.9 million, respectively. The total fair value of
options that vested during the year ended October 31, 2016 was $20.7 million. 

As of October 31, 2016, there was $47.9 million of compensation
cost related to unvested stock options granted under the Omnibus Incentive Plans not yet recognized. That cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.6 years. 

In November 2016, the Company granted options to purchase
2.8 million shares of the Company s Non-Voting Common Stock under the 2013 Plan at a price of $34.84 per share, the then
current trading price of the underlying securities. 

Restricted shares   

 The Company s restricted share awards are generally
subject to graduated vesting schedules. Compensation expense is adjusted for estimated forfeitures and is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the service periods underlying the awards. As of October 31, 2016, there was $89.0 million of compensation cost related
to unvested awards granted under the 2013 Plan and predecessor plans not yet recognized. That cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 2.7 years. 

A summary of the Company s restricted share activity
for the year ended October 31, 2016 under the 2013 Plan and predecessor plans is presented below: 

The
total fair value of restricted stock vested for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $38.1 million, $33.3 million
and $35.9 million, respectively. In November 2016, the Company awarded a total of 1.5 million shares of restricted shares under
the 2013 Plan at a grant date fair value of $34.84 per share.  

Phantom stock
units  

  During fiscal 2016, 7,965
phantom stock units were issued to non-employee Directors pursuant to the 2013 Plan. Because these units are contingently forfeitable,
compensation expense is recorded over the forfeiture period. The total liability paid out associated with phantom stock during
the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $0.3 million, $0.3 million and $0.5 million, respectively. As of October
31, 2016, there was $0.1 million of compensation cost related to unvested awards  granted under the 2013 Plan  not
yet recognized. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of one year.  

Employee Stock Purchase Plans   

The 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  Qualified
ESPP ) and the 2013 Nonqualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  Nonqualified ESPP ) (together, the  Employee
Stock Purchase Plans ), which are administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board, permit eligible employees to direct
up to a maximum of $12,500 per six-month offering period toward the purchase of Non-Voting Common Stock at the lower of 90 percent
of the market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock at the beginning or at the end of each offering period. The Qualified ESPP qualifies
under Section 423 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Internal Revenue Code ). A total of 0.4 million
and 0.1 million shares of the Company s Non-Voting Common Stock have been reserved for issuance under the Qualified ESPP
and Nonqualified ESPP, respectively. Through October 31, 2016, 0.3 million shares have been issued pursuant to the Employee Stock
Purchase Plans. 

The Company received $3.1 million, $3.3 million and $3.7
million related to shares issued under the Employee Stock Purchase Plans for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Employee Stock Purchase Incentive Plan   

The 2013 Incentive Compensation Nonqualified Employee
Stock Purchase Plan (the  Employee Stock Purchase Incentive Plan ), which is administered by the Compensation Committee
of the Board, permits employees to direct up to half of their incentive bonuses and commissions toward the purchase of the Company s
Non-Voting Common Stock at the lower of 90 percent of the market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock at the beginning or at the
end of each quarterly offering period. A total of 0.6 million shares of the Company s Non-Voting Common Stock have been reserved
for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Incentive Plan. Through October 31, 2016, 0.3 million shares have been issued pursuant
to the plan. 

The Company received $3.6 million, $3.5 million and $3.3
million related to shares issued under the Employee Stock Purchase Incentive Plan for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively. 

Atlanta Capital and Parametric Incentive Plans

The Atlanta Capital Management Company, LLC Long-term
Equity Incentive Plan (the  Atlanta Capital Plan ) and the Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Long-term Equity Incentive
Plan (the  Parametric Plan ) allow for awards of profit units of Atlanta Capital and Parametric, respectively, to key
employees. Profit units granted under the Atlanta Capital and Parametric Plans vest over five years and entitle the holders to
quarterly distributions of available cash flow. Fair value of the awards is determined on the grant date utilizing an annual appraisal
of each entity. The annual appraisal is developed using two models, an income approach and a market approach, as described in Note
1. These models utilize appropriate discount rates as well as relevant investment management industry market multiples. Vested
profit units are redeemable upon the exercise of limited in-service put rights held by the employee or call rights held by the
Company. The call rights held by the Company entitle the Company to repurchase the profit units at the end of a ten-year call period
and each year thereafter, and upon termination of employment. Execution of the puts and calls takes place upon availability of
the annual appraisal to ensure the transactions take place at fair value. Profit units are not reserved for issuance; the number
of profit units authorized for awards is 

determined annually by the Company on the first calendar
day of the fiscal year. The awards under the Atlanta Capital and Parametric Plans are accounted for as equity awards. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016, 30,690
profit units of Atlanta Capital were issued to certain employees of that entity pursuant to the Atlanta Capital Plan at a weighted-average
per unit price of $135.59. Because the units are contingently forfeitable, compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line
basis over the forfeiture period of five years. As of October 31, 2016, there was $7.1 million of compensation cost related to
unvested awards granted under the plan not yet recognized. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 3.1 years. Through October 31, 2016, 297,355 profit units have been issued pursuant to the Atlanta Capital Plan. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016, 3,358
profit units of Parametric were issued to certain employees of that entity pursuant to the Parametric Plan at a weighted-average
per unit price of $2,035.91. Because these units are contingently forfeitable, compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line
basis over the forfeiture period of five years. As of October 31, 2016, there was $10.8 million of compensation cost related to
unvested awards granted under the plan not yet recognized. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 3.3 years. Through October 31, 2016, 39,423 profit units have been issued pursuant to the Parametric Plan. 

In November 2016, the Company granted a total of 25,661
profit units at a grant date fair value of $153.85 per unit pursuant to the Atlanta Capital Plan. The Company did not grant any
profit units under the Parametric Plan during November 2016. 

Parametric Phantom Incentive Plan   

On October 26, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the
Board recommended, and the Company s Board approved, the 2016 Parametric Phantom Incentive Plan (the  Parametric Phantom
Incentive Plan ). The Parametric Incentive Plan is a long-term equity incentive plan that provides for the award of phantom
incentive units to eligible employees of Parametric. The initial value of the phantom incentive units is tied to the enterprise
value of Parametric on the date of grant, and the units vest over five years. At each vesting date, the vested portion of the award
is adjusted to reflect the then enterprise value of Parametric and the adjusted value of the vested award is settled in Eaton Vance
Non-Voting Common Stock under the 2013 Plan. The enterprise values of the awards are determined utilizing an annual appraisal of
Parametric. The annual appraisal is developed using two models, an income approach and a market approach, as described in Note
1. These models utilize appropriate discount rates as well as relevant investment management industry market multiples. Phantom
incentive units are not reserved for issuance; the number of phantom incentive units authorized for awards is determined annually
by the Company on the first calendar day of the fiscal year. However, since the awards are settled under the 2013 Plan, the awards
are subject to the Non-Voting Common Stock reserves defined under the 2013 Plan. As described above, a total of 18.5 million shares
of Non-Voting Common Stock have been reserved for issuance under the 2013 Plan. The awards under the Parametric Phantom Incentive
Plan will be accounted for as equity awards. 

There were no grants made under the Parametric Phantom
Incentive Plan during fiscal 2016. However, in November 2016, the Company granted a total of 3,212 phantom incentive units at a
grant date fair value of $2,352.63 per unit pursuant the Parametric Phantom Incentive Plan. 

Stock Option Income Deferral Plan   

The Company has established an unfunded, non-qualified
Stock Option Income Deferral Plan to permit key employees to defer recognition of income upon exercise of non-qualified stock options
previously granted by the Company. As of October 31, 2016, options to purchase 0.2 million shares have been exercised and placed
in trust with the Company. 

13.    Employee Benefit Plans    

Profit Sharing and Savings Plan   

The Company has a Profit Sharing and Savings Plan for
the benefit of employees. The Profit Sharing and Savings Plan is a defined contribution profit sharing plan with a 401(k) deferral
component. All full-time employees who have met certain age and length of service requirements are eligible to participate in the
plan. The plan allows participating employees to make elective deferrals of compensation up to the plan s annual limits.
The Company then matches each participant s contribution on a dollar-for-dollar basis to a maximum of $1,040 per annum. In
addition, the Company may, at its discretion, contribute up to 15 percent of eligible employee compensation to the plan, up to
a maximum of $39,750, $39,000 and $38,250 per employee for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company s
expense under the plan was $23.9 million, $22.7 million and $21.8 million for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. 

Supplemental Profit Sharing Retirement Plan   

The Company has an unfunded, non-qualified Supplemental
Profit Sharing Retirement Plan whereby certain key employees of the Company may receive profit sharing contributions in excess
of the amounts allowed under the Profit Sharing and Savings Plan. Participation in the Supplemental Profit Sharing Retirement Plan
has been frozen and is restricted to employees who qualified as participants on November 1, 2002. The Company did not make any
contributions to the plan in fiscal 2016. Participants in the Supplemental Profit Sharing Retirement Plan continue to earn investment
returns on their balances commensurate with those earned in the employer-directed portion of the Profit Sharing and Savings Plan.
The Company s expense under the Supplemental Profit Sharing Retirement Plan for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014 was $12,320, $1,486 and $21,576, respectively. 

All outstanding shares of the Company s
Voting Common Stock are deposited in a voting trust, the trustees of which have unrestricted voting rights with respect to the
Voting Common Stock. The trustees of the voting trust are all officers of the Company. Non-Voting Common shares do not have voting
rights under any circumstances. In fiscal 2016, the Company issued 55,708 shares and repurchased 27,854 shares of its Voting Common
Stock. 

The Company s current Non-Voting Common Stock share
repurchase program was announced on January 13, 2016. The Board authorized management to repurchase and retire up to 8.0 million
shares of its Non-Voting Common Stock on the open market and in private transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws.
The timing and amount of share purchases are subject to management s discretion. The Company s share repurchase program
is not subject to an expiration date. 

In fiscal 2016, the Company purchased and retired approximately
5.1 million shares of its Non-Voting Common Stock under the current repurchase authorization and approximately 2.2 million shares
under a previous repurchase authorization. Approximately 2.9 million additional shares may be repurchased under the current authorization
as of October 31, 2016. 

15.    Non-operating Income (Expense)     

The components of non-operating income (expense) for
the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

The provision for income taxes for the years ended October
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 consists of the following: 

Deferred income taxes reflect the expected future tax
consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax bases of the Company s assets and liabilities.
The significant components of deferred income taxes are as follows: 

The Company records a valuation allowance when necessary
to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. No valuation allowance has been recorded
for deferred tax assets, reflecting management s belief that all deferred tax assets will be utilized. 

The following table reconciles the Company s effective
tax rate from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to such amount for each of the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

The exercise of non-qualified stock options resulted
in a reduction of taxes payable of approximately $2.2 million, $10.0 million and $18.6 million for the years ended October 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Such benefit has been reflected as a component of shareholders  equity. 

The changes in gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding
interest and penalties, for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of October
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate is $1.9 million, $2.1 million and $1.8 million,
respectively. 

In the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the
Company recognized $(0.2) million, $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, in interest and penalties in its income tax provision.
Accrued interest and penalties, which are included as a component of unrecognized tax benefits, totaled $0.6 million, $0.8 million
and $0.7 million at October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that
approximately $1.0 million of its currently remaining unrecognized tax benefits, each of which are individually insignificant,
may be recognized within the next 12 months as a result of a lapse of the statute of limitations and settlements with state taxing
authorities. 

The Company considers the undistributed earnings of certain
of its foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations as of October 31, 2016. Accordingly, no U.S. income
taxes have been provided thereon. As of October 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $47.7 million of undistributed earnings
in certain Canadian, United Kingdom and Australian foreign subsidiaries that are not available to fund domestic operations or to
distribute to shareholders unless repatriated. Repatriation would require the Company to accrue and pay U.S. corporate income taxes.
The unrecognized deferred income tax liability on these un-repatriated funds, or temporary difference, is estimated to be $5.8
million at October 31, 2016. The Company does not intend to repatriate these funds, has not previously repatriated funds from these
entities and has the financial liquidity to permanently leave these funds offshore. 

The Company is generally no longer subject to income
tax examinations by U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. taxing authorities for fiscal years prior to fiscal 2012. 

The Consolidated Balance Sheet as of October 31, 2016
has been adjusted to reflect a correction of an immaterial error related to basis adjustments of certain partnership interests
arising from Company repurchases of non-controlling interests in majority owned subsidiaries. The cumulative error resulted in
an understatement of both the Company s deferred income tax asset and additional paid-in-capital in the amount of $50.5 million
as of October 31, 2015. The error was not considered material to the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet or Consolidated
Statement of Equity as of October 31, 2015, and had no effect 

on the Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive
Income, or Cash Flows as of and for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The current year basis adjustment of $2.2
million is reflected within the Company s deferred income tax asset and additional paid-in-capital in the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 

17.  Non-controlling and Other Beneficial Interests   

Non-controlling and other beneficial interests are as
follows: 

Non-redeemable non-controlling interests   

Non-redeemable non-controlling interests consist entirely
of unvested profit interests granted to employees of the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries under subsidiary-specific
long-term equity plans. These grants become subject to put rights upon vesting and will be reclassified to temporary equity as
vesting occurs. 

Redeemable non-controlling interests at other than
fair value   

As of October 31, 2016, redeemable non-controlling interests
at other than fair value consist of interests in Atlanta Capital retained by selling shareholders at the time of acquisition. The
Company s purchase of these remaining non-controlling interests, which are not subject to mandatory redemption, is predicated
on the exercise of a series of puts held by non-controlling interest holders and calls held by the Company. These put and call
rights are not legally detachable or separately exercisable and are deemed to be embedded in the related non-controlling interests.
The puts provide non-controlling interest holders the right to require the Company to purchase these retained interests at specific
intervals over time, while the calls provide the Company the right to require the non-controlling interest holders to sell their
retained equity interests to the Company at specific intervals over time, as well as upon the occurrence of certain events such
as death or permanent disability. As a result, there is significant uncertainty as to the timing of any non-controlling interest
purchases in the future. The value assigned to the purchase of a non-controlling interest is based, in each case, on a multiple
of earnings before interest and taxes of Atlanta Capital at specified points in the future. As a result, these interests are considered
redeemable at other than fair value and changes in the redemption value of these interests are recognized in net income attributable
to non-controlling and other beneficial interests. 

Net income attributable to non-controlling and other
beneficial interests in fiscal 2016 and 2015 reflects an increase of $0.2 million and a decrease of $0.2 million, respectively,
in the estimated redemption value of redeemable non-controlling interests in Atlanta Capital. Net income attributable to non-controlling
and other beneficial interests in fiscal 2014 reflects an increase of $5.3 million in the estimated redemption value of redeemable
non-controlling interests in Atlanta Capital and Parametric Risk Advisors. Non-controlling interests in Parametric Risk Advisors
redeemable at other than fair value were fully redeemed in fiscal 2014. Any future payments made to the non-controlling interest
holders of Atlanta Capital upon execution of the puts and calls described above will reduce temporary equity. 

Redeemable non-controlling interests at fair value   

Interests in the Company s consolidated funds and
vested interests granted to employees of the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries under subsidiary-specific long-term equity
plans are considered redeemable at fair value. Future changes in the redemption value of these interests will be recognized as 

increases or decreases to additional paid-in capital.
Any future payments made to these non-controlling interest holders will reduce temporary equity. 

The components of net income attributable to non-controlling
and other beneficial interests for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

(1)     Relates to non-controlling interests redeemable at other than fair value.    

18.  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

The components of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

(1)     Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, represent the amortization of net gains
(losses) on interest rate swaps over the life of the Company's Senior Notes into interest expense on the Consolidated Statements
of Income.    

(2)     Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, represent gains (losses) on disposal
of available-for-sale securities that were recorded in gains (losses) and other investment income, net, on the Consolidated Statements
of Income.    

(3)     Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, represent the realization of foreign
currency translation losses on a consolidated sponsored fund denominated in Euros that was deconsolidated during fiscal 2015. These
amounts were recorded in gains (losses) and other investment income, net, on the Consolidated Statements of Income.    

The following table sets forth the
calculation of earnings per basic and diluted share for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

Antidilutive common shares related to stock options and
unvested restricted stock excluded from the computation of earnings per diluted share were approximately 11.9 million, 7.8 million
and 5.1 million for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

20.    Commitments and Contingencies    

In the normal course of business, the Company enters
into agreements that include indemnities in favor of third parties, such as engagement letters with advisors and consultants, information
technology agreements, distribution agreements and service agreements. In certain circumstances, these indemnities in favor
of third parties relate to service agreements entered into by investment funds managed and/or advised by Eaton Vance Management
or Boston Management and Research, both wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. The Company has also agreed to indemnify its
directors, officers and employees in accordance with the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended. Certain agreements
do not contain any limits on the Company s liability and, therefore, it is not possible to estimate the Company s potential
liability under these indemnities. In certain cases, the Company has recourse against third parties with respect to these indemnities.
Further, the Company maintains insurance policies that may provide coverage against certain claims under these indemnities .

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to various
legal proceedings. In the opinion of management, after discussions with legal counsel, the ultimate resolution of these matters
will not have a material effect on the consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 

In November 2010, the Company acquired patents and other
intellectual property from Managed ETFs LLC, a developer of intellectual property in the field of exchange-traded funds. This intellectual
property is the foundation of the Company s NextShares  exchange-traded managed funds initiative. The terms of the
acquisition of the patents and other intellectual property of Managed ETFs LLC include approximately $9.0 million in aggregate
contingent milestone payments that are based on specific events representing key developments in the commercialization of NextShares.
There is no defined timing on these payments, 

resulting in significant uncertainty as to when the amount
of any payment is due in the future. If and when the milestones have been accomplished, Managed ETFs LLC is also entitled to revenue-sharing
payments that are calculated based on a percentage of licensing revenue that the Company receives for use of the acquired intellectual
property. 

The Company has entered into transactions in financial
instruments in which it has sold securities, not yet purchased, as part of its corporate hedging program. As of October 31, 2015,
the Company had $3.0 million included within other liabilities on its Consolidated Balance Sheet related to securities sold, not
yet purchased. The Company did not hold any positions related to securities sold, not yet purchased on its Consolidated Balance
Sheet as of October 31, 2016. 

The Company leases certain office space and equipment
under non-cancelable operating leases. The office space leases expire over various terms that extend through 2034. Certain of the
leases contain renewal options. The lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancelable term of each
lease plus any anticipated extensions. Rent expense under these leases in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 totaled $21.2 million, $21.5
million and $20.7 million, respectively. Future minimum lease commitments are as follows: 

(1)     Future minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $0.1 million due in the future.    

The Company subleases to unaffiliated third parties office
space under operating leases that expire over various terms. The sublease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over
the non-cancelable terms of the subleases. Rental income under these subleases totaled $0.3 million, $1.3 million and $1.2 million
for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Future minimum rental payments to be received under subleases
are as follows: 

(1)     There are no future minimum lease payments due to the Company in periods after fiscal 2019.    

Other commitments and contingencies include future payments
to be made upon the exercise of puts and calls of non-controlling interests in Atlanta Capital; puts and calls related to indirect
profit interests issued 

pursuant to the Atlanta Capital Plan and the Parametric
Plan; and the contingent payment to be made to the selling shareholders of TABS, as more fully described in Note 10. 

21.    Related Party Transactions    

Sponsored Funds    

The Company is an investment adviser to, and has administrative
agreements with, certain sponsored mutual funds, privately offered funds and closed-end funds for which certain employees are officers
and/or directors. Substantially all of the services to these entities for which the Company earns a fee, including investment advisory,
distribution, shareholder and administrative services, are provided under contracts that set forth the services to be provided
and the fees to be charged. Certain of these contracts are subject to annual review and approval by the funds  boards of
directors or trustees. Revenues for services provided or related to these funds for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014 are as follows: 

For the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
the Company had investment advisory agreements with certain sponsored funds pursuant to which the Company contractually waived
$15.1 million, $13.0 million and $12.3 million, respectively, of investment advisory fees it was otherwise entitled to receive. 

Sales proceeds and net realized gains (losses) for the
years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 from investments in sponsored funds classified as available-for-sale, including sponsored
funds accounted for under the equity method, are as follows: 

The Company bears the non-advisory expenses of certain
sponsored funds for which it earns an all-in management fee and provides subsidies to startup and other smaller sponsored funds
to enhance their competitiveness. For the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, expenses of $24.4 million, $22.5 million
and $21.7million, respectively, were incurred by the Company pursuant to these arrangements. 

Included in investment advisory and other receivables
at October 31, 2016 and 2015 are receivables due from sponsored funds of $88.7 million and $89.2 million, respectively and payables
to sponsored funds of $1.6 million and $0.6 million, respectively. 

Loan to Affiliate   

On December 23, 2015, EVMC, a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company, loaned $5.0 million to Hexavest under a term loan agreement to seed a new investment strategy. The loan renews
automatically for an additional one-year period on each anniversary date unless written termination notice is provided by EVMC.
The loan earns interest equal to the one-year Canadian Dollar Offered Rate plus 200 basis points, which is payable quarterly in
arrears. Hexavest may prepay the loan in whole or in part at any time without penalty. During fiscal 2016, the Company recorded
$128,000 of interest income related to the loan in gains (losses) and other investment income, net, on the Company s Consolidated
Statement of Income. As of October 31, 2016, the Company has included $13,000 of interest receivable on the loan within other assets
on its Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Hexavest Agreements   

The Company has an agreement with Hexavest whereby the
Company compensates Hexavest for sub-advisory services and Hexavest reimburses the Company for a portion of fund subsidies related
to certain investment companies for which the Company is the investment adviser. The Company paid Hexavest $0.3 million, $0.3 million
and $0.2 million in sub-advisory fees in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and the Company received $0.2 million and $1.2
million in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, from Hexavest for reimbursement of fund subsidies. The reimbursement of fund subsidies
the Company received from Hexavest in fiscal 2014 were negligible. The net amount due to Hexavest under this arrangement and included
in other liabilities at both October 31, 2016 and 2015 was $0.1 million. In addition, the Company has an agreement with Hexavest
whereby the Company is reimbursed for costs related to the sale of certain institutional separately managed accounts. During fiscal
2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company earned $2.4 million, $2.4 million and $2.1 million under this arrangement. The net amount due
from Hexavest under this arrangement and included in other assets was $0.3 million and $0.2 million at October 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Employee Loan Program   

The Company has established an Employee Loan Program
under which a maximum of $20.0 million is available for loans to officers (other than executive officers) and other key employees
of the Company for purposes of financing the exercise of employee stock options. Loans are written for a seven-year period, at
varying fixed interest rates (currently ranging from 0.9 percent to 2.9 percent), are payable in annual installments commencing
with the third year in which the loan is outstanding, and are collateralized by the stock issued upon exercise of the option. All
loans under the program must be made on or before October 31, 2018. Loans outstanding under this program, which are full recourse
in nature, are reflected as notes receivable from stock option exercises in shareholders  equity, and totaled $12.1 million
and $11.1 million at October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

22.    Regulatory Requirements    

The Company is required to maintain net capital in certain
regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions. Such requirements may limit the Company s ability to make withdrawals
of capital from these subsidiaries. 

Eaton Vance Distributors, Inc. ( EVD ), a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and principal underwriter of the Eaton Vance and Parametric funds, is subject to the U.S
Securities and Exchange Commission s 

uniform net capital rule, which requires the maintenance
of minimum net capital. For purposes of this rule, EVD had net capital of $67.1 million, which exceeds its minimum net capital
requirement of $3.6 million at October 31, 2016. The ratio of aggregate indebtedness to net capital at October 31, 2016 was 0.80-to-1. 

At October 31, 2016, the Company was required to maintain
net capital in certain other regulated subsidiaries. The Company was in compliance with all applicable regulatory minimum net capital
requirements. 

23.    Concentrations of Credit Risk and Significant Relationships    

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company
to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents held. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents
with various financial institutions. Cash deposits maintained at a financial institution may exceed the federally insured limit. 

During the fiscal years ended October
31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, there were no managed portfolios, related funds or other clients that provided over 10 percent of the
total revenue for the Company. 

24.    Geographic Information    

Revenues and long-lived assets by principal geographic
areas for the years ended and as of October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

International revenues and long-lived assets are attributed
to countries based on the location in which revenues are earned. 

25.    Comparative Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)    

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Eaton Vance Corp.: 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Eaton Vance Corp. and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements
of income, comprehensive income, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October
31, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Eaton Vance Corp. and subsidiaries as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016,
based on the criteria established in  Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated December 21, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 

Boston, Massachusetts 

 December 21, 2016 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure  

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of October 31, 2016. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information we are required to disclose
in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period
specified in the SEC s rule and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer
( CFO ), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our CEO and CFO participated in this evaluation and
concluded that, as of October 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended October 31, 2016 that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

The Company s management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. 

Management has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016 based on the criteria established in  Internal Control  
Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on management s
assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October
31, 2016. 

Deloitte   Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting
firm, has audited the financial statements that are included in this annual report and expressed an opinion thereon. Deloitte  
Touche LLP has also expressed an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting
as of October 31, 2016. This Report appears on page 123. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Eaton Vance Corp.: 

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of
Eaton Vance Corp. and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of October 31, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The
Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our
audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial
reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error
or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the
internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended October
31, 2016 of the Company and our report dated December 21, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

/s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 

Boston, Massachusetts 

 December 21, 2016 

Item 9B. Other Information  

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 

The following table sets forth the name, age and positions of each
of our directors, executive officers and certain other significant employees of Eaton Vance Corp., unless otherwise noted, at October
31, 2016: 

Name  
       
      Age  
       
      Position   

Thomas E. Faust Jr. 
       
     58  
       
     Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President  
 
     Ann E. Berman 
       
     64  
       
     Director  
 
     Leo I. Higdon, Jr. 
       
     70  
       
     Director  
 
     Brian D. Langstraat 
       
     48  
       
     Director, Chief Executive Officer of Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC  
 
     Dorothy E. Puhy 
       
     65  
       
     Director  
 
     Winthrop H. Smith, Jr. 
       
     67  
       
     Director  
 
     Richard A. Spillane, Jr. 
       
     65  
       
     Director  
 
     Jeffrey P. Beale 
       
     60  
       
     Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer  
 
     Laurie G. Hylton 
       
     50  
       
     Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer  
 
     Frederick S. Marius 
       
     53  
       
     Vice President, Secretary and Chief Legal Officer  
 
     Edward J. Perkin 
       
     44  
       
     Vice President and Chief Equity Investment Officer of Eaton Vance Management  
 
     Payson F. Swaffield 
       
     60  
       
     Vice President and Chief Income Investment Officer of Eaton Vance Management  
 
     Matthew J. Witkos 
       
     50  
       
     President of Eaton Vance Distributors, Inc.  

Our directors are each elected annually by the holders of our Voting
Common Stock. 

Mr. Faust has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer since November 2007. Mr. Faust was elected President of the Company in January 2006 and served as Chief Investment Officer
of Eaton Vance Management from November 2001 until October 2007. He was Executive Vice President of the Company from January 2000
through January 2006 and a Vice President of Eaton Vance Management from December 1987 to January 2000. He has been a Director
of the Company since January 2002. Mr. Faust serves as a member of the Executive and Management Committees established by the Company s
Board of Directors. 

Based on Mr. Faust s extensive business and investment experience
and position as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Company s Board of Directors concluded that Mr. Faust should
serve as a Director of Eaton Vance Corp. 

Ms. Berman has served as a Director of the Company since January
2006. She is Chairwoman of the Audit Committee and serves as a member of the Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees
established by the Company s Board of Directors. Ms. Berman served as a Senior Advisor at Harvard University from April 2006
to June 2009 and served as Harvard University s Vice President for Finance and Chief Financial Officer from October 2002
to April 2006. Ms. Berman has also been a Director of Loews Corporation since 2006 and Cantel Medical Corp. since March 2011. 

Ms. Berman s extensive financial experience, including that
of Chief Financial Officer at Harvard University, led the Company s Board of Directors to conclude that Ms. Berman should
serve as a Director of Eaton Vance Corp. 

Mr. Higdon has served as a Director of the Company since January
2000. He is the lead independent Director and serves as a member of the Compensation and Executive Committees established by the
Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Higdon served as President of Connecticut College from June 2006 to December 2013 and as
President of the College of Charleston from October 2001 to June 2006. Mr. Higdon has been a Director of HealthSouth Corporation
since 2004, where he is currently Chairman of the Board. Mr. Higdon has also served as a Director of Citizens Financial Group,
Inc. since September 2014. 

Mr. Higdon s extensive leadership experience at Connecticut
College and the College of Charleston provides him with valuable insight on running large organizations. This experience led the
Company s Board of Directors to conclude he should serve as a Director of Eaton Vance Corp. 

Mr. Langstraat has served as Chief Executive Officer of Parametric
Portfolio Associates LLC ( Parametric ), a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, since June 2001. He was Managing
Director and Chief Operating Officer of Parametric from 1997 to May 2001. He has served as a Director of the Company since July
2014. 

Based on Mr. Langstraat s extensive business experience and
position as Chief Executive Officer of Parametric, the Company s Board of Directors concluded that Mr. Langstraat should
serve as a Director of Eaton Vance Corp. 

Ms. Puhy has served as a Director of the Company since April 2006.
She is Chairwoman of the Nominating and Governance Committee established by the Company s Board of Directors and serves as
a member of the Audit Committee. Ms. Puhy has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Dana-Farber Cancer
Institute, a cancer treatment and research center, since July 2012. Prior to taking the role of Chief Operating Officer, Ms. Puhy
served as Chief Financial Officer of Dana-Farber Cancer Institute from March 2004 until July 2012. Ms. Puhy has been a Director
of Abiomed, Inc. since 2003, where she is currently lead independent Director. Ms. Puhy has also served as a Director of Blue Cross
Blue Shield of Massachusetts since September 2012. 

Ms. Puhy s extensive experience in the areas of finance, strategic
planning and business led the Company s Board of Directors to conclude that Ms. Puhy should serve as a Director of Eaton
Vance Corp. 

Mr. Smith has served as a Director of the Company since April 2004.
He is Chairman of the Compensation Committee and serves as a member of the Nominating and Governance and Audit Committees established
by the Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Smith has served as Chairman of Summit Ventures LLC, a private investment firm,
since October 2001. Mr. Smith has also been a Director of AGF Management Ltd. since 2002. He was formerly an Executive Vice President
of Merrill Lynch   Co., a wealth management firm. 

Mr. Smith s financial and leadership experience at Merrill
Lynch   Co. provides him with valuable insights on running a large, complex financial services company with diverse worldwide
operations. The Board concluded that Mr. Smith should serve as a Director of Eaton Vance Corp. based upon that experience. 

Mr. Spillane has served as a Director of the Company since April
2009. He serves as a member of the Executive, Nominating and Governance, and Compensation Committees established by the Company s
Board of Directors. Mr. Spillane has been an Adjunct Professor at Babson College since 2008. Mr. Spillane held a variety of positions
during his 20-year career at Fidelity Investments, and most recently served as President of Strategic Advisors Inc., a Registered
Investment Advisor subsidiary of Fidelity Investments, from 2005 to 2007. 

Mr. Spillane s experience at Fidelity Investments provides
him with valuable insights into the financial services industry. The Board concluded that Mr. Spillane should serve as a Director
of Eaton Vance Corp. based upon that experience. 

Mr. Beale has been a Vice President of Eaton Vance Management since
August 1998 and a Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of the Company since January 2000. Mr. Beale is a member of the
Company s Management Committee. 

Ms. Hylton has served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company
since March 2012. Ms. Hylton has been a Vice President of the Company since June 1994 and the Chief Accounting Officer of the Company
since October 1997. She was the Internal Auditor of the Company from June 1994 to October 1997. Ms. Hylton is a member of the Company s
Management Committee. 

Mr. Marius has been a Vice President and attorney with Eaton Vance
Management since April 2004 and Chief Legal Officer of the Company since June 2008. Mr. Marius has also been a Vice President and
Secretary of the Company since November 2007, and was also Deputy Chief Legal Officer of the Company from November 2007 to June
2008. Mr. Marius is a member of the Company s Management Committee. 

Mr. Perkin has served as Vice President and Chief Equity Investment
Officer of Eaton Vance Management since April 2014. Mr. Perkin joined Eaton Vance from Goldman Sachs Asset Management, an investment
and advisory solutions firm, where he had been Chief Investment Officer of International and Emerging Markets Equity since August
2012 and was Chief Investment Officer of European Equity and lead portfolio manager for European Equity from April 2008 through
August 2012. Mr. Perkin is a member of the Company s Management Committee. 

Mr. Swaffield has been a Vice President of Eaton Vance Management
since January 1992 and the Chief Income Investment Officer of Eaton Vance Management since November 2007. Mr. Swaffield is a member
of the Company s Management Committee. 

Mr. Witkos has served as President of Eaton Vance Distributors,
Inc. ( EVD ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, since May 2007. Mr. Witkos is a member of the Company s
Management Committee. 

There are no family relationships among any of our directors or
executive officers. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our
executive officers and Directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity
securities to file forms reporting their affiliation with the Company and reports of ownership and changes in ownership of the
Company s equity securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and the New York Stock Exchange
( NYSE ). These persons and entities are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms they file. To the best of our knowledge, based on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and representations
from certain reporting persons that no reports were required, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to such individuals
were complied with for fiscal 2016. 

Codes of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors,
Officers and Employees that complies with the criteria provided in NYSE rules. The Code of Conduct and Business Ethics is available
on our website at www.eatonvance.com or by calling Investor Relations at 617-482-8260. 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior
Financial Officers that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer
and complies with the criteria provided in SEC rules. The Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers
is available on our website at www.eatonvance.com or by calling Investor Relations at 617-482-8260. 

We intend to post on our website, www.eatonvance.com, all disclosures
that are required by law or NYSE listing standards concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of our Codes of
Ethics. This information can be found under  Corporate Governance  on the  Investor Relations  section
of our website. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INFORMATION ABOUT
OUR BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES 

We have memorialized our governance practices in our corporate governance
guidelines and the charters of the three functional committees of our Board of Directors. The governance guidelines and charters
are intended to ensure that our Board will have the necessary authority and practices in place to review and evaluate our business
operations and to make decisions independent of the Company s management. Our governance guidelines also are intended to
align the interests of our Directors and management with those of the Company s shareholders. Our governance guidelines establish
the practices our Board follows with respect to Board composition and selection, Board meetings and the involvement of senior management,
Chief Executive Officer performance evaluation, succession planning, Board committees and independent Director compensation. Our
Board annually conducts a self-evaluation to assess compliance with our governance guidelines and to identify opportunities to
improve Board performance. 

Our governance guidelines and committee charters are reviewed periodically
and updated as necessary to reflect changes in regulatory requirements and evolving oversight practices. Our governance guidelines
were adopted by our Board to, among other things, comply with corporate governance requirements contained in the NYSE listing standards
and make other enhancements to our Company s corporate governance policies, including creating the role of lead independent
Director. Leo I. Higdon, Jr. serves as the lead independent Director. The lead independent Director is responsible for coordinating
the activities of our non-management Directors, coordinating with our Chairman to set the agenda for Board meetings, chairing meetings
of our non-management Directors, and leading our Board s performance evaluation of our Chief Executive Officer. Our Board
has three functional committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee. The Board
of Directors also maintains an Executive Committee consisting, as of October 31, 2016, of Mr. Faust as Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and President, Mr. Higdon as lead independent Director, and Richard A. Spillane, Jr. The Executive Committee may act on
behalf of the Board of Directors during circumstances that prevent the full Board from meeting, but is otherwise inactive. Our
governance guidelines, as well as the charter for each functional committee of our Board, are available on our website at www.eatonvance.com
or by calling Investor Relations at 617-482-8260. In accordance with NYSE rules, we may also make disclosure of the following on
our website: 

The identity of the presiding Director at meetings of independent
Directors;    

The method for interested parties to communicate directly with the
lead independent Director or independent Directors as a group;    

The identity of any member of our Audit Committee who also serves
on the audit committees of more than three public companies and a determination by our Board that such simultaneous service will
not impair the ability of such member to effectively serve on our Audit Committee; and    

Contributions by us to any tax-exempt organization in which an independent
Director serves as an executive officer if, within the preceding three years, contributions in any single fiscal year exceeded
the greater of $1 million or 2 percent of such tax-exempt organization s consolidated gross revenues.    

Committees of the Board  

Below is a description of each functional committee of our Board
of Directors. Each committee has the authority to engage legal counsel or other experts or consultants as it deems appropriate
to carry out its responsibilities. Our Board of Directors has determined that each member of each such committee meets the standards
of independence under the governance guidelines and applicable NYSE listing standards, including the requirement that each member
is free of any relationship that would interfere with his or her individual exercise of independent judgment. 

Audit Committee   

Our Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in its oversight
of the quality and integrity of our accounting, audit and reporting practices. Our Audit Committee s role includes assisting
our Board of Directors in its oversight and evaluation of (1) the integrity of our financial reporting processes and resultant
financial statements and the effectiveness of our independent audit thereof; (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
(3) the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm; and (4) the performance
of our internal audit function. Our Audit Committee relies on the expertise and knowledge of management, our internal auditors
and our independent registered public accounting firm in carrying out its oversight responsibilities. The specific responsibilities
of our Audit Committee are described in our Audit Committee Charter. The charter is available on our website at www.eatonvance.com
or by calling Investor Relations at 617-482-8260. 

The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors
consists of Ann E. Berman, Dorothy E. Puhy and Winthrop H. Smith, Jr. Ms. Berman serves as Chairwoman. Each member of our Audit
Committee is an independent director as defined under the applicable rules of the NYSE and the SEC. Our Board of Directors has
determined that each Audit Committee member has sufficient knowledge in financial and accounting matters to serve on the Committee
and that each member is an  audit committee financial expert  as defined by SEC rules. 

Compensation
Committee   

The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
assists the Board of Directors in its oversight and evaluation responsibilities relating to compensation matters. The Compensation
Committee has overall responsibility for evaluating and approving the structure, operation and effectiveness of our compensation
plans, policies and programs. The specific responsibilities and functions of our Compensation Committee are described in our Compensation
Committee Charter. The charter is available on our website at www.eatonvance.com or by calling Investor Relations at 617-482-8260. 

The Compensation Committee consists of Winthrop
H. Smith, Jr., Ann E. Berman, Leo I. Higdon, Jr. and Richard A. Spillane, Jr. Mr. Smith serves as Chairman. Each member of the
Committee is an independent director as defined under the applicable rules of the NYSE and the SEC, an  outside director 
for purposes of Section 162(m) of the 

Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Internal
Revenue Code ), and a  non-employee director  for purposes of Section 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. 

Nominating
and Governance Committee   

The principal function of our Nominating and Governance
Committee is to assist our Board of Directors in its responsibilities relating to board membership. The primary responsibilities
of our Nominating and Governance Committee are to (1) identify and recommend qualified individuals to become Directors of our Company;
(2) review with our Board the independence and other qualifications of Directors; (3) review and recommend the composition of Board
committees; (4) develop and recommend to our Board the corporate governance principles applicable to the Company; and (5) lead
our Board of Directors in its annual review of their performance and the annual evaluation of our management. The specific responsibilities
and functions of our Nominating and Governance Committee are described in our Nominating and Governance Committee Charter. The
charter is available on our website at www.eatonvance.com or by calling Investor Relations at 617-482-8260. 

The Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors
consists of Dorothy E. Puhy, Ann E. Berman, Winthrop H. Smith, Jr. and Richard A. Spillane, Jr. Ms. Puhy serves as Chairwoman.
Each member of our Nominating and Governance Committee is an independent director as defined under the applicable rules of the
NYSE. 

Risk Management  

Our Board of Directors has principal responsibility for oversight
of the Company s risk management processes. At each Board meeting, the Board reviews and discusses with senior management
the most significant risks facing the Company and receives updates from standing Board committees related to specific risks and
risk processes within their purview, as further described below. Regular operational, financial and legal updates provided by the
Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer, respectively, facilitate coordination
of the Board s risk oversight function. 

Our Audit Committee has primary responsibility for the oversight
and evaluation of the integrity of the Company s financial reporting processes, the Company s compliance with legal
and regulatory requirements, the qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm and the performance of the Company s Internal Audit Department. The Audit Committee accomplishes these tasks
by receiving regular reports from our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer and the Director of Internal Audit, as well
as updates from our Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Throughout the year, our Audit Committee also
meets in executive session with our Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

Understanding that it is management s responsibility to manage
risk and bring to the Board s attention material risks to the Company, management has developed a matrix risk management
framework overseen by a cross-functional Enterprise Risk Management Committee and, ultimately, our senior management. Primary responsibilities
of the Enterprise Risk Management Committee include top-down risk assessment and mitigation and review of risks related to specific
events and circumstances. On a regular basis, representatives of a network of operational and functional committees report to the
Enterprise Risk Management Committee, providing a bottom-up perspective on risk and day-to-day risk management. The Enterprise
Risk Management Committee reports to the Board through updates provided by senior management addressing discrete events, identified
risk management themes and any specific Board requests regarding risk management activities. 

Given the matrix nature of our risk management framework and the
diversity of potential risks, the Company does not have a standalone Chief Risk Officer. 

Additional risk oversight is provided by our Compliance and Internal
Audit Departments. The primary responsibility of the Compliance Department is to help ensure that the Company s compliance
and ethical standards are maintained by establishing and enforcing policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation
of federal securities laws and regulations. Members of the Compliance Department provide periodic reports to the Audit Committee
and regularly attend meetings of the Enterprise Risk Management Committee. 

The primary responsibility of the Company s Internal Audit
Department is to provide an internal assessment of business processes through the development and execution of an annual internal
audit plan. Our Internal Audit Department also works with the Company s business units to assist in the assessment and monitoring
of risk relating to specific business processes. The annual internal audit plan is approved by the Audit Committee, and the Director
of Internal Audit regularly reports on the progress and results of audits identified in the plan. The Director of Internal Audit
reports directly to the Audit Committee and regularly attends meetings of the Enterprise Risk Management Committee. 

On an annual basis, the Director of Internal Audit leads an enterprise
risk assessment process using an established risk management framework to identify and characterize various risks based on the
significance of their potential impact to the Company. Such risks include investment management, market, operational, technological,
legal (including regulatory and compliance), financial and strategic risks. This process culminates in the preparation of an Enterprise
Risk Assessment presented and reviewed with the Enterprise Risk Committee and, ultimately, the Audit Committee on an annual basis.
The Audit Committee, in turn, reports on this assessment to the Board. 

The Company believes that the division of risk management responsibilities
described above is an effective approach for addressing the risks facing the Company and that our Board committee structure supports
this approach. 

Shareholder Communications to the Board  

Interested parties may contact any individual Director, the lead
independent Director, or the Board of Directors as a group to report any matters of concern by sending a letter to the address
listed below. Each communication should specify the applicable addressee or addressees to be contacted as well as the general topic
of the communication. The letter will be reviewed first by a non-management Director, and parties may specify if they want only
the non-management Directors, and not the full Board of Directors, to see the letter. 

Mail to:  
      Board of Directors   

c/o Chief Legal Officer   

Eaton Vance Corp.   

Two International Place   

Boston, Massachusetts 02110   

Item 11. Executive Compensation  

Compensation Discussion and Analysis  

Compensation Objectives and Philosophy  

Our compensation policies and programs are structured to achieve
three primary objectives: 

1)  To attract and retain highly qualified employees through a competitive compensation program;   

2)  To motivate our employees by recognizing and rewarding achievements, contributions and excellence; and   

3)  To align the interests of our employees with those of the Company s shareholders.   

Our overriding compensation philosophy is that executive compensation
should consist primarily of annual performance-based cash awards, long-term equity awards and long-term deferred cash incentive
awards, with base salary representing a lesser component of total compensation. Long-term equity awards generally take the form
of options to acquire Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock, restricted shares of Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock, performance-based
awards of restricted shares of Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock and, in circumstances where an executive officer is employed
by one of our majority-owned subsidiaries, indirect profit interests in such subsidiary and phantom incentive units granted under
subsidiary-specific long-term equity plans. Long-term deferred cash incentive awards generally take the form of performance awards
granted to eligible investment professionals for generating above-benchmark investment returns over a multi-year time frame. We
believe the appropriate combination of performance-based annual incentives, long-term equity awards and long-term cash incentive
awards encourages our management to focus on investment performance, financial performance and long-term stock price performance,
thereby aligning the interests of management with those of our shareholders. Employees at higher total compensation levels generally
receive a greater percentage of their total compensation payable in long-term incentives and a lesser percentage in current cash
compared to employees who are paid less. We believe that the proportion of compensation that is  at risk  (performance-based
awards, long-term equity awards and long-term cash incentive awards) should rise as an employee s level of responsibility
rises. In general, executive officers with the highest levels of responsibility have the lowest percentage of their compensation
fixed in the form of base salary and the highest percentage of their compensation at risk. 

Compensation opportunities in excess of base salary for our Chief
Executive Officer ( CEO ), Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) and the three other most highly compensated
officers in any given year (collectively, the  named executive officers ) are based on measurable goals for the Company.
Targeted total compensation is designed to be competitive and is benchmarked against our peer group, as defined below. Our emphasis
is on total compensation and pay for performance. As a result, determination of total compensation attempts to take into consideration
the overall performance of the Company as well as the individual performance of the named executive officer. While the Company
does not establish explicit targeted total compensation levels relative to our peer group, the Company does benchmark compensation
for named executive officers against executive officers of peer group companies. Base compensation of our named executive officers
is typically benchmarked against median peer group base compensation, while the total cash compensation target range is typically
benchmarked against the 50th to 75th percentile of our peer group. All of our named executive officers are employed at will, without
employment, severance or change in control agreements. 

In the first quarter of each fiscal year, our CEO presents a set
of corporate goals and objectives for the upcoming year to our Board of Directors (the  Board ). Some of the goals
and objectives are consistent from 

year-to-year while others may vary, reflecting known initiatives
to be undertaken in the current year. In fiscal 2016, the Compensation Committee of our Board (the  Committee ) considered
the Company s success in light of the following goals and objectives: 

Maintain favorable investment performance;   

Achieve high-single-digit internal growth and positive organic revenue growth;   

Commercialize NextShares  exchange-traded managed funds;   

Maintain stable financial condition and continued fiscal discipline; and   

Continue to build the record and reputation of Eaton Vance as an industry leader.   

Individual performance is evaluated based on the executive s
role in achieving these goals and objectives and adherence to our core values. Our core values consist of the following: 

Integrity   

Professionalism   

Teamwork   

Client focus   

Creativity/adaptability   

Excellence   

In considering the performance of the Company and its named executive
officers in fiscal 2016, the Committee reviewed the following: 

Stock performance:  As of October 13, 2016 (latest practicable
date prior to the annual Compensation Committee meeting), the 12.0 percent total return of Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock
over the preceding year exceeded the -4.1 percent average total return of 15 competing mid-cap and large-cap U.S. publicly traded
asset managers (Affiliated Managers Group, Inc., AllianceBernstein L.P., Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc., BlackRock, Inc.,
Cohen   Steers, Inc., Federated Investors, Inc., Franklin Resources, Inc., GAMCO Investors, Inc., Invesco Ltd., Janus Capital
Group, Inc., Legg Mason, Inc., OM Asset Management plc, T.Rowe Price Group, Inc., Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. and Waddell
  Reed Financial, Inc.) and the 6.4 percent total return of the S P 500 for the same period. As of the same date, the annual
total return of Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock also exceeded the average of peer manager stocks over three years (1.6 percent
vs. -2.8 percent), five years (12.8 percent vs. 11.2 percent) and ten years (5.0 percent vs. 2.4 percent).    

Financial performance:  Fiscal 2016 adjusted earnings per diluted
share were 7 percent below adjusted earnings per diluted share in fiscal 2015.     

Business growth:  Fiscal 2016 represented Eaton Vance s
21st consecutive year of positive net flows. In fiscal 2016, we realized six percent internal growth in managed assets and one
percent internal revenue growth.    

Performance of managed assets:  We continued to achieve strong
investment performance across a broad range of investment strategies in fiscal 2016. In the annual Barron s/Lipper rankings
of Best Mutual Fund Families for calendar 2015, Eaton Vance Funds ranked 2nd overall among 67 fund families rated for one-year
performance, 17th among 58 fund families based on five-year returns and 11th among 52 families for ten-year performance. As of
September 30, 2016, 56 of our U.S. mutual funds were rated 4 or 5 stars by Morningstar TM  for at least one class of shares,
including 24 five-star rated funds. As of that date, 74 percent of the net assets of Eaton Vance and Parametric mutual funds were
in funds ranking in the top half of their Morningstar peer group for one-year total return, 78     

percent for three-year total return,
72 percent for five-year total return and 71 percent for ten-year total return. 

Custom Beta initiative:  In fiscal 2016, net flows into Custom
Beta retail and high-net-worth separate accounts equated to 28 percent internal growth. During the fiscal year, we also developed
and made progress implementing a new Custom Beta strategic plan that integrates the Company s investment management and distribution
resources across Eaton Vance and Parametric.     

NextShares initiative:  NextShares achieved a series of milestones
in fiscal 2016, including the launch of the first Eaton Vance-sponsored NextShares funds in February and March, the July announcement
that UBS Financial Services intends to begin offering NextShares through its U.S. financial advisors network in 2017 and the introduction
by Ivy Funds of the first non-Eaton Vance NextShares funds in October.     

Global build-out:  During fiscal 2016 we made strategic hires
in London and Singapore to expand our investment and distribution presence outside of the U.S.     

Legal and regulatory compliance:  Eaton Vance had a clean legal
and regulatory year in fiscal 2016.     

Relationships with fund trustees and other client constituencies: 
The Company continues to maintain excellent relations with the independent trustees of the Eaton Vance mutual funds and other key
client constituencies.     

Partnerships with leading distributors:  Eaton Vance continues
to enjoy close relationships and constructive working partnerships with leading fund distributors and other financial intermediaries
in the U.S. and internationally.     

Financial management and risk management:  Eaton Vance continues
to maintain a prudent financial position, as reflected in our A-/A3 credit rating and strong balance sheet. At the end of the fiscal
year, we held $510 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term debt investments and $313 million of seed capital investments.
We have $574 million of long-term debt maturing in 2017 and 2023. Our $300 million revolving credit facility was unused during
the fiscal year.     

Corporate culture and employee retention:  Eaton Vance continues
to maintain a corporate culture that is conducive to high levels of employee retention and long-term business performance. In fiscal
2016, we had no notable departures in senior management, administrative or investment group leadership other than retirements.

The Committee did not assign specified weights to any of these factors. 

Compensation Setting Process  

Role of our Compensation Committee   

The Committee has overall responsibility for evaluating and approving
the structure, operation and effectiveness of our compensation plans, policies and programs for all employees. The Committee consists
of Ann E. Berman, Leo I. Higdon, Jr., Winthrop H. Smith, Jr. and Richard A. Spillane, Jr. Mr. Smith serves as Chairman. Each member
of the Committee is an independent director as defined under the applicable rules of the NYSE and the SEC, an  outside director 
for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code and a  non-employee director  for purposes of Rule 16b-3
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Committee is specifically charged with the following: 

To review and approve the corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our CEO, to evaluate our CEO s
performance in light of these goals and objectives and, based on this evaluation, make recommendations to the Board for the independent
Directors to approve our CEO s   

compensation level (including any long-term incentive
or other compensation under any incentive-based or equity-based compensation plan); 

To review management s recommendations and make recommendations to the Board with respect to Director and other non-CEO
executive officer compensation above certain limits established by the Board, provided, however, that the Committee has full decision-making
powers with respect to compensation intended to be performance-based compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code;   

To retain compensation consultants as necessary or desirable to assist in their evaluation, including competitive benchmarking,
of Director, CEO or senior executive compensation programs or arrangements. The Committee has authority to obtain advice and assistance
from internal or external legal, accounting or other advisors;   

To review management s recommendations and make recommendations to the Board with respect to incentive-based cash compensation
and equity-based compensation plans and programs that are subject to Board approval, and that may be applicable to all or any portion
of the employees of the Company and/or its subsidiaries; and   

To exercise all power and authority of the Board in the administration of our equity-based incentive compensation plans.   

The Committee considers the sum of all pay elements when reviewing
annual compensation recommendations for our named executive officers. Although the framework for compensation decision-making is
tied to our overall financial performance and the creation of long-term shareholder value, the Committee retains full discretion
to make recommendations to the Board for the independent Directors to approve individual compensation based on other significant
performance factors such as demonstrated management and leadership capabilities and the achievement of strategic objectives. 

Role of Management   

Our CEO evaluates all other named executive officers as part of
our annual review process and makes recommendations to the Committee regarding all elements of executive compensation paid to them.
Changes in executive compensation proposed by our CEO are based on the individual executive s performance, the compensation
of individuals with comparable responsibilities in competing or similar organizations, when the information is available and relevant,
and Company profitability and other measures of our performance. At the Committee s request, our CEO and other senior officers
attend Committee meetings to provide compensation and other information to the Committee, including information regarding the design,
implementation and administration of our compensation plans. The Committee also meets in executive sessions without the presence
of any executive officer whose compensation the Committee is scheduled to discuss. 

Use of Compensation Consultants in Determining Executive Compensation  

The Committee s Charter provides the Committee the authority
to retain an independent outside executive compensation consulting firm to assist in evaluating our policies and practices regarding
executive compensation and provide objective advice regarding the competitive landscape. In fiscal 2016, the Committee relied on
third-party executive pay analyses obtained as described below and did not hire an external consultant to assist them in their
evaluation of pay practices for our named executive officers. 

Each year our Human Resources department obtains and summarizes
an asset management industry executive pay analysis prepared by McLagan Partners, a compensation specialist focusing on the asset
management 

industry. The companies in the McLagan Partners  analysis
include U.S. publicly traded asset managers and asset management subsidiaries of larger financial services firms with which we
compete. For one named executive officer, who is an employee of a majority-owned subsidiary, the peer group utilized consisted
of asset managers of a size similar to that of the subsidiary. The peer group for the remainder of the named executive officers,
as determined by the Board, consisted of: 

Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. 
     Legg Mason, Inc.  
 
     AllianceBernstein L.P. 
     MFS Investment Management  
 
     Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. 
     Nuveen Investments  
 
     Franklin Resources, Inc.  
     Putnam Investments  
 
     Invesco Ltd. 
     T. Rowe Price Group, Inc.  
 
     Janus Capital Group, Inc. 
     Waddell   Reed Financial, Inc.  

We believe the general business profile of these entities (primarily
public companies, or subsidiaries of public companies, with similar lines of business in the asset management industry) make benchmarking
comparisons appropriate. In selecting our peer group, the Board chose companies that have one or more attributes significantly
similar to ours, taking into consideration size (as defined by revenue, assets under management and market capitalization), product
offerings and distribution channels. 

As part of our annual executive compensation review process in October
2016, our CEO, Chief Administrative Officer, CFO, Chief Equity Investment Officer, Chief Income Investment Officer, the CEO of
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC ( Parametric ) and the Director of Human Resources reviewed the results of this
analysis with the Committee, highlighting market trends identified regarding the types of compensation offered to executive officers,
the mix of compensation components and the relationship between company performance and executive pay. In executive session, the
Committee reviewed our CEO s pay in relation to total compensation and the Company s net income and revenue. 

Elements of Executive Compensation  

Total compensation for our named executive officers consists of
the following elements: 

Base salary   

Annual performance-based cash incentive awards   

Long-term equity incentive awards   

Long-term cash incentive awards   

Retirement plan benefits   

Non-qualified compensation plan benefits   

Other benefits and perquisites   

Base Salary  

Base salaries for our named executive officers are intended to provide
a fixed level of cash compensation that is appropriate given the executive s role in the organization. Generally, base salaries
are determined by 1) scope of responsibility and complexity of position, 2) performance history, 3) tenure of service, 4) internal
equity within the Company s salary structure, and 5) relative salaries of persons holding similar positions at companies
within our designated peer group. In addition to other considerations, base salaries are designed to reward industry knowledge
and experience. Base salaries are also reviewed at the time of promotion or 

significant change in job scope and responsibilities. In October
2015, the Committee made the determination not to increase the fiscal 2016 base salaries of our named executive officers. 

Consistent with our desire to have the majority of total compensation
paid to named executive officers at risk in the form of incentive compensation, 7 percent of our total current named executive
officers  compensation in fiscal 2016 (as defined in the Summary Compensation Table) was paid in the form of base salaries. 

Annual Performance-based Cash Incentive Awards  

Our annual performance-based cash incentive awards for named executive
officers are designed to advance the interests of the Company and its shareholders by linking the compensation of our senior executives
to performance and the achievement of key financial goals in the current fiscal year. Annual performance-based cash incentive awards
complement our long-term equity incentive plans and our long-term cash incentive plan, which are designed to reward performance
over a multi-year period. A substantial portion of our named executive officers  total compensation is in the form of annual
performance-based cash compensation. 

We maintain performance-based incentive pools for all eligible officers
of the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries, other than those officers who are compensated under sales-based incentive plans.
The performance-based incentive pools covering the named executive officers under the Executive Performance-Based Compensation
Plan and all bonus-eligible employees are calculated each year as a substantially fixed percentage of adjusted operating income,
an internally derived non-GAAP performance measure, defined as operating income adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation, expense
associated with the performance-based incentive pool, operating results of consolidated funds, non-recurring expenses related to
closed-end fund offerings, operating results of consolidated CLO entities, amortization of intangible assets and income attributable
to non-controlling and other beneficial interests of majority-owned operating subsidiaries, and adjusted to include the Company s
equity in net income of Hexavest ( adjusted operating income ). We believe that adjusted operating income is a key
indicator of our ongoing profitability and therefore use this measure as the basis for calculating performance-based cash incentives
for eligible officers. The performance-based incentive pools represent the funds out of which the executive officers, along with
all other officers of the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries, are paid, but do not themselves factor into the calculation
of annual performance-based cash incentive awards for named executive officers as calculated under the Executive Performance-Based
Compensation Plan as more fully described below. The Committee reviews analyses prepared by management annually as to the calculation
of the performance-based incentive pools, historical trends, and the allocation of each pool among executive and non-executive
officers. 

Annual performance-based incentive awards paid under the Executive
Performance-Based Compensation Plan to executive officers of the Company, Eaton Vance Management and Eaton Vance Distributors,
Inc. ( EVD ) are based upon the achievement of a specified performance target for the Company. The performance target
is determined at the beginning of each performance period, taking into consideration the performance target of the prior year,
forecasted future earnings and the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. Once it is determined that the
performance target has been met, the calculation of individual awards under the plan are determined. The Committee is responsible
for determining eligibility for participation in the Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan and will consider, but has no
obligation to follow, recommendations from our CEO as to the designation of Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan participants.
The Committee is also responsible for determining the maximum award potential for each participant, the objective performance goal
against which performance will be measured, certifying whether the performance goal has been met and, ultimately, the percentage
of the award potential to be paid to each participant upon goal achievement. The maximum award potential for each participant is
generally set as a 

percentage of adjusted operating income achieved in excess of the
performance target as defined above. Awards made under our Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan to executive officers
of the Company, Eaton Vance Management, and EVD are capped at $10.0 million for each Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan
participant with respect to each performance period. The actual award paid to a plan participant may consist of all or such portion
of the award potential as the Committee in its sole discretion may determine. The Committee does not rely on predetermined formulas
or weighted factors in determining whether to reduce the maximum award payable to participants or the extent to which the award
should be reduced, but rather considers a number of factors relative to individual and overall Company performance. Historically,
the Committee has exercised its discretion to reduce the awards paid to named executive officers and has not granted an incentive
award to any named executive officer unless the relevant performance goal has been attained. 

In October 2015, the Committee established the performance target
for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, which was the achievement of $121.5 million of adjusted operating income before
the performance-based incentive pool. The Committee further established that named executive officers Thomas E. Faust Jr., Laurie
G. Hylton, Payson F. Swaffield and Edward J. Perkin were eligible to earn 5.0 percent, 1.5 percent, 3.5 percent and 3.5 percent,
respectively, of pre-incentive pool adjusted operating income in excess of that amount for that twelve-month period. 

The Company realized adjusted operating income before the performance-based
incentive pool of $578.4 million for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016. Adjusted operating income for the period was calculated
by adding $71.3 million of stock-based compensation, $85.2 million of expenses associated with the performance-based incentive
pool, $1.5 million of operating results of consolidated funds, $2.3 million of non-recurring expenses related to closed-end fund
offerings, $0.1 million of operating results of a consolidated CLO entity and $13.4 million of the Company s equity in net
income of Hexavest, and subtracting $13.7 million of net income attributable to non-controlling and other beneficial interests
of majority-owned operating subsidiaries from reported operating income of $418.3 million for the period. As a result, the maximum
award potential for each named executive officer for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 was calculated as a percentage
of $456.9 million, which represents the difference between pre-incentive pool adjusted operating income of $578.4 million and the
pre-established performance target of $121.5 million. The maximum award potential by this measure was $10.0 million for each of
Messrs. Faust, Swaffield and Perkin and $6.9 million for Ms. Hylton. 

Management provided the Board with a report related to the meeting
of the pre-established performance targets, which included a description of the agreed-upon procedures performed by the Company s
Director of Internal Audit relating to the calculation of the performance targets and the maximum award potential for each named
executive officer under the plan. Based upon that and other information, the Board certified that the pre-established performance
targets were met for the purpose of the plan and that the current named executive officers, Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton, and Messrs.
Swaffield and Perkin, were eligible for maximum potential awards under the Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan. The Committee
then granted performance-based cash incentive awards of $2.6 million, $1.1 million, $2.5 million and $1.9 million to Mr. Faust,
Ms. Hylton, and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin, respectively, which were less than the maximum award potential for each named executive
officer. 

The Committee arrived at its decision to reduce the payments made
under the Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan to amounts that were less than the maximum award potential for each named
executive officer after careful consideration of recommendations made by management, an analysis of all payments to be made to
named executive officers, competitor information obtained through benchmarking surveys 

provided by an independent third-party compensation specialist and
an assessment of the Company s overall success in meeting the goals and objectives set at the beginning of the fiscal year.
The reductions, which were not formulaic, reflect the judgment exercised by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

Mr. Langstraat, as an employee of our majority-owned subsidiary
Parametric, is not a participant in the Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan. In approving Mr. Langstraat s bonus
for fiscal 2016, the Committee considered the financial and business performance of Parametric during the fiscal year, Mr. Faust s
views as to Mr. Langstraat s individual performance and contributions made during the fiscal year, and comparative compensation
information provided by an independent third-party compensation specialist. The Committee granted Mr. Langstraat a discretionary
bonus of $4.3 million for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016, reflecting Parametric s business performance, as well as
Mr. Langstraat s individual contributions to both Parametric and the Company during the year. 

Long-term Equity Incentive Awards  

Our equity-based compensation plans are designed to align the interests
of our executive officers with those of the Company s shareholders and to complement our annual performance-based cash incentive
awards. 

The Committee continually evaluates various forms of long-term equity
incentive compensation for our executive officers, including grants of options to purchase Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock,
awards of restricted shares of Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock and profit units and phantom incentive units granted under subsidiary
long-term equity plans. Potential restricted stock awards to named executive officers of the Company, Eaton Vance Management and
EVD may be subject to specific performance-based conditions that meet the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue
Code. 

Long-term equity incentive awards are granted to employees, including
named executive officers, at the regularly scheduled November meeting of the Committee, without regard to the timing of release
of material information. The meeting is typically held on the first business day in November. Grants to new officers are generally
made at the first Board meeting following the employee s initial day of employment as detailed in his or her offer of employment.
The option exercise price for all option grants is equal to the closing price of the Company s Non-Voting Common Stock on
the date of grant. The enterprise values that serve as the basis for grants of profit units and phantom incentive units under subsidiary
long-term equity plans are determined using annual appraisals. Long-term equity awards for named executive officers are determined
by the Committee after careful consideration of recommendations of management, an analysis of all payments to be made to each named
executive officer, competitor information obtained through benchmarking surveys provided by an independent third-party compensation
specialist and the Company s success in light of the goals and objectives set at the beginning of the fiscal year. Such consideration
includes subjective elements. 

On November 2, 2015, the Committee recommended, and our Board approved,
grants of options under the 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the  2013 Plan ), to our named executive
officers to purchase 825,800 shares of Non-Voting Common Stock (358,340, 51,000, 149,020, 177,120 and 90,320 for Mr. Faust, Ms.
Hylton, and Messrs. Langstraat, Swaffield and Perkin, respectively), representing 27 percent of all options awarded to employees
on that date. The Committee, in determining the amount of each option grant, takes into account both targeted total compensation
and targeted cash compensation. In addition, the Committee takes into consideration, among other factors, the existing share ownership
of each named executive officer and prior year grant levels. Stock options awarded to our named executive officers are not awarded
pursuant to specific performance-based conditions. Also on November 2, 2015, the Committee approved potential future awards to
certain of our named executive officers, subject to achieving certain 

performance conditions, of 139,980 shares of restricted Non-Voting
Common Stock (73,320, 11,600, 36,920 and 18,140 for Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin, respectively), and
also granted 31,280 shares of restricted Non-Voting Common Stock to Mr. Langstraat. These awards represented 14 percent of all
restricted stock awards on that date. Restricted stock awards to Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin on November
2, 2015 were made with the performance condition that the Company have at least $121.5 million in adjusted operating income in
one or more of the following five annual performance periods. These awards were granted on November 2, 2016, based upon the satisfactory
attainment of the performance objective for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2016. Also on November 2, 2015, the Committee
approved a grant of 860 indirect profit interests to Mr. Langstraat under the Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC, Long-term Equity
Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the  Parametric Plan ), representing 26 percent of all profit interests granted
to Parametric employees on that date. 

On January 14, 2015, the Committee approved a potential future award
to Mr. Perkin of 17,820 shares of restricted Non-Voting Common Stock. The award was made with the performance condition that the
Company have at least $133.3 million in adjusted operating income in one or more of the following five annual performance periods.
This award was granted on January 14, 2016, based upon the satisfactory attainment of the performance objective for the twelve-month
period ended November 30, 2015. 

On October 26, 2016, the Committee recommended, and our Board approved,
the 2016 Parametric Phantom Incentive Plan (the  Parametric Phantom Incentive Plan ). The Parametric Phantom Incentive
Plan is a long-term equity incentive plan that provides for the award of phantom incentive units to eligible employees of Parametric,
including Mr. Langstraat. The goal of the plan is to create a long-term incentive program for key employees of Parametric to attract,
retain and motivate key professionals and provide an opportunity for those employees to share in the growth of Parametric. The
committee determines who is eligible to participate in the plan and grants may be made to eligible employees on the first business
day in November of any given fiscal year. The initial value of a phantom incentive unit is tied to the per unit enterprise value
of Parametric on the date of award and the units vest over five years. At each vesting date, the vested portion of the award is
adjusted to reflect the current per unit enterprise value of Parametric and the adjusted value of the vested award is settled in
an equal value of Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock under the 2013 Plan. 

While our equity-based compensation plans are designed to encourage
long-term stock ownership, we do not have specific stock ownership requirements or guidelines for our executive officers. 

Long-term Cash Incentive Awards  

On October 28, 2015, the Committee recommended, and our Board approved,
the Deferred Alpha Incentive Plan (the  Deferred Alpha Plan ). The Deferred Alpha Plan is a long-term cash incentive
plan that provides for cash incentive awards to eligible investment professionals, including Mr. Perkin, for generating above-benchmark
returns over a multi-year time frame in designated managed portfolios. The goal of the plan is to align long-term compensation
of investment professionals with long-term investment performance. The Committee determines who is eligible to participate in the
plan and grants may be made to eligible employees on the first business day in November of any given fiscal year. Investment performance
is measured over the three-year period ending on September 30 th  of the third year following the award date. Upon the
satisfactory attainment of the performance objectives, participating employees will receive a cash payment capped at five times
the initial award, not to exceed $10 million. 

On November 2, 2015, the Committee recommended, and the Board approved,
an award to Mr. Perkin under the Deferred Alpha Plan of $666,667, with a maximum award payout of $3.3 million, based upon the out- 

performance of stated investment strategies over the three-year
performance period. The relevant performance measures of this award will be evaluated at the end of the three-year period ending
September 30, 2018, at which point the award payout will be determined and compensation awarded. 

Retirement Plan Benefits  

We provide retirement benefits through the Eaton Vance Profit
Sharing and Savings Plan. Our named executive officers are entitled to participate in the Eaton Vance Profit Sharing and Savings
Plan on the same terms and conditions as other employees. The plan does not involve any guaranteed minimum or above-market returns,
as plan returns depend on actual investment results. 

Non-qualified Compensation Plan Benefits  

Certain of our named executive officers participate in the Company s
unfunded, non-qualified Supplemental Profit Sharing Retirement Plan, which was designed to allow certain key employees to receive
profit sharing contributions in excess of the amounts allowed under the Eaton Vance Management Profit Sharing Retirement Plan.
Participation in the Supplemental Profit Sharing Retirement Plan has been frozen and is restricted to employees who qualified as
participants on November 1, 2002. We did not make any contributions to the plan in fiscal 2016. Participants in the Supplemental
Profit Sharing Retirement Plan continue to earn investment returns on their balances commensurate with those earned in the employer-directed
portion of the Eaton Vance Profit Sharing and Savings Plan. 

Certain of our named executive officers also participate in
the Company s Stock Option Income Deferral Plan, an unfunded, non-qualified plan intended to permit key employees to defer
recognition of income upon exercise of non-qualified stock options previously granted by the Company. Participation in the Stock
Option Income Deferral Plan has been frozen, with the result that none of our named executive officers are eligible to initiate
or add to existing positions in the Stock Option Income Deferral Plan. Income earned on balances in the Stock Option Income Deferral
Plan is directly tied to dividend income on the underlying shares of the Company s Non-Voting Common Stock. 

Neither of the plans described above offer preferential above-market
earnings. Additional information about these plans, including aggregate earnings and aggregate balances at the end of fiscal 2016
for each of our named executive officers, is included in the table under the heading  Non-qualified Deferred Compensation
for Fiscal 2016.  

Other Benefits and Perquisites  

As a general rule, we do not provide significant perquisites
or other personal benefits to our named executive officers. Our named executive officers are entitled to participate in benefit
programs that entitle them to medical, dental, life (up to $500,000 coverage for basic life insurance paid by the Company and up
to an additional $200,000 coverage in supplemental life insurance purchased by the employee) and long-term disability insurance
coverage that is available to all our employees. In addition to the benefits available to all our employees, we provide executive
health screening services and tax return preparation services to our named executive officers and certain other key employees.
Dollar amounts associated with these items are set forth in the  All Other Compensation  column of the Summary Compensation
Table and related footnotes. 

Our named executive officers are entitled to participate in
the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plans on the same terms and conditions as other employees. Such plans include: the
2013 Employee Stock Purchase 

Plan (the  Qualified ESPP ); the 2013 Nonqualified
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated (the  Nonqualified ESPP ); and the 2013 Incentive Compensation
Nonqualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated (the  Incentive ESPP ). The Qualified ESPP and Nonqualified
ESPP permit eligible employees to direct up to a maximum of $12,500 per six-month offering period toward the purchase of Eaton
Vance Corp. Non-Voting Common Stock at the lower of 90 percent of the market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock at the beginning
or at the end of each offering period. 

The Incentive ESPP permits employees to direct up to half of
their monthly and annual incentive bonuses and commissions toward the purchase of Eaton Vance Corp. Non-Voting Common Stock on
a quarterly basis at the lower of 90 percent of the market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock at the beginning or at the end
of each offering period. 

Deductibility of Executive Compensation  

Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code imposes a general
limit on the amount that a public company may deduct for compensation in excess of $1,000,000 paid to the company s named
Chief Executive Officer and the three other most highly compensated officers (other than the Chief Financial Officer). However,
performance-based compensation that meets certain requirements is excluded from this limitation. 

Our executive compensation plans allow the Company to grant
awards that are intended to qualify for this exclusion. The Committee intends to pursue compensation strategies and programs designed
to permit the Company to retain federal tax benefits while providing appropriate performance incentives to its executives. However,
the Committee will not necessarily, or in all circumstances, limit executive compensation to that which is deductible under Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code and has not adopted a policy requiring it to do so. 

Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation  

We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. As a result, stock-based compensation is measured based on the grant
date fair value of the award and recognized over the applicable vesting period. 

Employment Agreements and Provisions for Change of Control  

Our named executive officers serve at the will of our Board
and do not have individual employment, severance or change of control agreements. Significant elements of compensation, notably
unvested stock options, restricted stock grants, indirect profit interests granted under the Parametric Plan, phantom incentive
units granted under the Parametric Incentive Plan and long-term cash incentives granted under the Deferred Alpha Plan, are subject
to forfeiture in the event that a named executive officer leaves the Company. Unvested stock options awarded prior to October 24,
2012 are not subject to forfeiture if a named executive officer retires consistent with our former retirement policy. The Company s
equity incentive plans and Deferred Alpha Plan include provisions that may accelerate the vesting of awards for all plan participants
in the event of a change in control of the Company, as defined in the respective plan. 

Executive Compensation in Fiscal 2017  

In October 2016, the Committee approved fiscal 2017 base salaries
for our executive officers, including our named executive officers. The Committee made the determination not to increase the base
salaries of our named executive officers for fiscal 2017. 

In October 2016, the Committee approved the 2017 performance
goals pursuant to which performance-based cash incentive awards may be granted under the Company s Executive Performance-Based
Compensation Plan to named executive officers of the Company, Eaton Vance Management and EVD. These awards will be based on our
adjusted operating income before the performance-based incentive pool for the twelve months ending September 30, 2017, calculated
in a manner similar to the awards granted for fiscal 2016. Based on the terms of their performance-based cash incentive awards,
Thomas E. Faust Jr., Laurie G. Hylton, Payson F. Swaffield, and Edward J. Perkin will be eligible to earn 5.0 percent, 1.5 percent,
3.5 percent and 3.5 percent, respectively, of pre-incentive pool adjusted operating income in excess of $130.0 million for the
twelve months ending September 30, 2017, subject to a maximum of $10.0 million per person. As an employee of a subsidiary that
is organized as a limited liability company and taxed as a partnership, Brian D. Langstraat s compensation is not subject
to the restrictions for deductibility under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. He is therefore not a participant in
the Company s Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan. As a result, Mr. Langstraat does not have a 2017 performance
goal for non-equity incentive award purposes. 

On November 1, 2016, the Committee approved grants of options under the 2013 Plan
to our current named executive officers to purchase 958,480 shares of Non-Voting Common Stock (446,700, 58,380, 190,960, 212,180,
and 50,260 for Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton, and Messrs. Langstraat, Swaffield, and Perkin, respectively), representing 34 percent of
all options awarded to employees on that date. In determining the amount of each grant, the Committee took into consideration,
among other factors, the existing share ownership of each named executive officer and prior year grant levels. Also on November
1, 2016, the Committee approved awards to our named executive officers, subject to achieving certain performance conditions, of
158,780 shares of restricted Non-Voting Common Stock (79,940, 13,700, 39,920 and 25,220 for Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton, and Messrs.
Swaffield, and Perkin, respectively), and also granted 36,300 shares of restricted Non-Voting Common Stock to Mr. Langstraat.
These awards represented 13 percent of all restricted stock awards on that date. On November 2, 2016, restricted stock awards
to Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin, were made with the performance-based condition that the Company has
at least $130.0 million in adjusted operating income in one or more of the following five annual performance periods. The first
performance period for the performance-based restricted stock awards ends on September 30, 2017. Also, on November 1, 2016, the
Committee approved a grant of 638 phantom incentive units to Mr. Langstraat under the Parametric Incentive Plan, representing
20 percent of all phantom incentive units granted to Parametric employees on that date. 

On November 1, 2016, the Committee recommended, and the Board
approved, an award to Mr. Perkin under the Deferred Alpha Plan of $579,843, with a maximum award payout of $2.9 million, based
upon the out-performance of stated investment strategies over a three-year performance period ending September 30, 2019. 

Compensation Committee Report  

The Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion
and Analysis with management. Based on their review and discussions with management, the Committee recommended to the Board of
Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Winthrop H. Smith, Jr., Chairman 

 Ann E. Berman 

 Leo I. Higdon, Jr. 

 Richard A. Spillane, Jr. 

Summary Compensation Table  

The following table summarizes the total compensation paid to
or earned by our named executive officers in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Our current named executive officers 
aggregate base salaries and cash compensation accounted for approximately 7 percent and 47 percent, respectively, of their total
compensation in fiscal 2016. Our named executive officers  aggregate base salaries and cash compensation accounted for approximately
6 percent and 52 percent, respectively, of their total compensation in fiscal 2015; and 5 percent and 57 percent, respectively,
of their total compensation in fiscal 2014. Column for  Change in Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
does not appear in the following table as it does not pertain to the Company. 

(2)    These figures represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards. The grant date fair value of each stock award
is calculated using the closing market price of the Company s Non-Voting Common Stock on the grant date less the par value
of the Company s Non-Voting Common Stock on the grant date. With the exception of the awards granted to Mr. Langstraat in
fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, these figures represent awards granted upon the satisfactory achievement of certain performance objectives.
There were no differences between the approved targeted awards and the ultimate number of shares of restricted Non-Voting Common
Stock granted under each Notice and Agreement.   

(3)    These figures represent the aggregate grant date fair value of option awards and, for Mr. Langstraat, the grant date fair value
of profit interests granted pursuant to the Parametric Plan as discussed on page 78. The grant date fair value of each option award
is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The grant date fair value of each profit interest award pursuant to
the Parametric Plan is based on an annual enterprise valuation of Parametric. The following assumptions were used in the calculation
of stock option fair value for the fiscal years indicated:   

In addition, the fiscal 2016 figures include $7,882,
$1,247, $3,969 and $1,950 for Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin, respectively, representing earnings on the
performance-based restricted stock awards equivalent to the dividends that would have been earned had the restricted shares been
vested and outstanding during the year. The awards for Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin were granted on November
2, 2016, based upon the satisfactory attainment of the performance objectives for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2016,
and the earnings were paid to award recipients in November 2016. The fiscal 2016 figures also include $86,345, $12,268, $48,248
and $8,753 for Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin, respectively, representing dividends earned on unvested
restricted stock awards. The awards vested on November 1, 2016 and November 3, 2016 and the dividends were paid in November 2016.
The fiscal 2016 figures also include $13,140 for Mr. Langstraat, representing dividends earned on unvested restricted stock awards.
The awards vested on November 1, 2016, November 2, 2016 and November 3, 2016 and the dividends were paid in November 2016. 

The fiscal 2015 figures include $8,394, $1,376, $4,659
and $2,834 for Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin, respectively, representing earnings on the performance-based
restricted stock awards equivalent to the dividends that would have been earned had the restricted shares been vested and outstanding
during the year. The awards for Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin were granted on November 3, 2015, based
upon the satisfactory attainment of the performance objectives for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2015, and the earnings
were paid to award recipients in November 2015. The fiscal 2015 figures also include $19,190, $3,090 and $11,076 for Mr. Faust,
Ms. Hylton and Mr. Swaffield, respectively, representing dividends earned on unvested restricted stock awards. The awards vested
on November 3, 2015 and the dividends were paid in November 2015. The fiscal 2015 figures also include $3,213 for Mr. Langstraat,
representing dividends earned on unvested restricted stock awards. The awards vested on November 1, 2015 and November 3, 2015 and
the dividends were paid in November 2015. 

The fiscal 2014 figures include $6,048, $974 and
$3,491 for Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Mr. Swaffield, respectively, representing earnings on the performance-based restricted stock
awards equivalent to the dividends that would have been earned had the restricted shares been vested and outstanding during the
year. The awards for Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Mr. Swaffield were granted on November 3, 2014, based upon the satisfactory attainment
of the performance objectives for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2014, and the earnings were paid to award recipients
in November 2014. The fiscal 2014 figures also include $555 for Mr. Langstraat, representing dividends earned on unvested restricted
stock awards. The awards vested on November 1, 2014 and the dividends were paid in November 2014. 

Reference is made to the Grants of Plan-Based Awards
Table for the number of shares purchased under the Incentive ESPP for each participant and for each fiscal year presented. 

(5)    Set forth below is a breakdown of the amounts included in the column labeled,  All Other Compensation:    

(6)    This table does not reflect compensation paid to or earned by Mr. Perkin for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014, as Mr.
Perkin was not a named executive officer during that fiscal year.   

Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2016 Fiscal Year  

The following table provides information concerning each award
granted in fiscal 2016 to our named executive officers pursuant to the Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan, the Deferred
Alpha Plan and other equity compensation. 

(1)    On November 2, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin, notifying
each of these named executive officers of his or her eligibility to receive an award of restricted stock conditioned upon the achievement
of certain performance objectives. On November 1, 2016, the Committee certified the achievement of the performance objectives for
Mr. Faust, Ms. Hylton and Messrs. Swaffield and Perkin and granted the awards on November 2, 2016.   

(2)    Represents target payment based on the attainment of specified performance objectives for the twelve-month period ended September
30, 2016.   

(3)    Represents the potential awards of restricted Non-Voting Common Stock upon the attainment of specified performance objectives
within the twelve months ended September 30, 2016.   

(4)    On November 2, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Perkin, notifying him of his eligibility to receive a cash
incentive award conditional upon generating above-benchmark returns in designated managed portfolios for the three-year period
ended September 30, 2018, with the potential to receive up to the maximum payment if actual performance exceeds the specified targets.   

(5)    Reflects the number of stock options granted in fiscal 2016 under the 2013 Plan, which vest 10% on the first anniversary of
the grant, 15% on the second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary,
subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability, or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan.   

(6)    Reflects the number of restricted stock grants awarded in fiscal 2016 under the 2013 Plan upon the satisfactory achievement
of certain performance objectives related to the targeted award amounts set forth in the Notice and Agreement dated November 3,
2014. Awards vest 10% on the date of grant, 15% on the first anniversary, 20% on the second anniversary, 25% on the third anniversary
and 30% on the fourth anniversary, subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company
as defined in the plan. There were no differences between the approved targeted awards and the ultimate amount of restricted Non-Voting
Common Stock granted on November 3, 2015 upon the Compensation Committee s confirmation of the attainment of the performance
objectives.   

(7)    Reflects stock purchased in fiscal 2016 under the Incentive ESPP with the allocated portion of the 2015 performance-based incentive
award and the allocated portion of the fiscal 2016 Stock Option Income Deferral Plan distributions. See footnote 4 to the Summary
Compensation Table on page 145 for a further description.   

(8)    Reflects the number of indirect profit units granted pursuant to the Parametric Plan in fiscal 2016, which vest 10% on the
first anniversary of the grant, 15% on the second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and
30% on the fifth anniversary, and entitle the holders to quarterly distributions of available cash flow. Vested profit units are
redeemable upon the exercise of limited in-service put rights held by the employee or call rights held by the Company.   

(9)    Reflects the grant date fair value of Mr. Langstraat s profit unit award pursuant to the Parametric Plan. See footnote
3 to the Summary Compensation Table on page 145 for a further description.   

(10)    Reflects the number of restricted stock grants awarded in fiscal 2016 under the 2013 Plan, which vest 10% on the first anniversary
of the grant, 15% on the second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary,
subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability, or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan.   

(11)    Reflects the number of restricted stock grants awarded in fiscal 2016 under the 2013 Plan upon the satisfactory achievement
of certain performance objectives related to the targeted award amounts set forth in the Notice and Agreement dated January 14,
2015. Awards vest 10% on the date of grant, 15% on the first anniversary, 20% on the second anniversary, 25% on the third anniversary
and 30% on the fourth anniversary, subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company
as defined in the plan. There were no differences between the approved targeted awards and the ultimate amount of restricted Non-Voting
Common Stock granted on January 14, 2016 upon the Compensation Committee s confirmation of the attainment of the performance
objectives.   

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2016  

The following tables reflect outstanding Company stock options
and unvested restricted stock held by our named executive officers at October 31, 2016: 

(1)    Reflects the grant date fair value of Mr. Langstraat s profit unit award pursuant to the Parametric Plan. See footnote
3 to the Summary Compensation Table on page 145 for a further description.   

(2)    Amount represents nonqualified options. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary of the grant, 15% on the second
anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary, subject to accelerated
vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan. The options were granted on November
1, 2011 and the final 30% vested on November 1, 2016.   

(3)    Amount represents incentive stock options and nonqualified options. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary of
the grant, 15% on the second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary,
subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan. The options
were granted on November 1, 2011 and the final 30% vested on November 1, 2016.   

(4)    Amount represents a profit unit award pursuant to the Parametric Plan. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary
of the grant, 15% on the second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary,
subject to accelerated vesting upon death or disability as defined in the plan. The profit unit award was granted November 1, 2011
and the final 30% vested on November 1, 2016.   

(5)    Amount represents nonqualified options. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary of the grant, 15% on the second
anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary, subject to accelerated
vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan. The options were granted on November
1, 2012; 25% vested on November 1, 2016 and the final 30% vests on November 1, 2017.   

(6)    Amount represents incentive stock options and nonqualified options. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary of
the grant, 15% on the second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary,
subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan. The options
were granted on November 1, 2012; 25% vested on November 1, 2016 and the final 30% vests on November 1, 2017.   

(7)    Amount represents a profit unit award pursuant to the Parametric Plan. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary
of the grant, 15% on the second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary,
subject to accelerated vesting upon death or disability as defined in the plan. The profit unit award was granted November 1, 2012;
25% vested on November 1, 2016 and the final 30% vests on November 1, 2017.   

(8)    Amount represents nonqualified options. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary of the grant, 15% on the second
anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary, subject to accelerated
vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan. The options were granted on November
1, 2013; 20% vested on November 1, 2016, 25% vests on November 1, 2017 and the final 30% vests on November 1, 2018.   

(9)    Amount represents incentive stock options and nonqualified options. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary of
the grant, 15% on the second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth   

anniversary, subject to accelerated vesting upon
death, disability or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan. The options were granted on November 1, 2013; 20%
vested on November 1, 2016, 25% vests on November 1, 2017 and the final 30% vests on November 1, 2018. 

(10)    Amount represents a profit unit award pursuant to the Parametric Plan. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary
of the grant, 15% on the second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary,
subject to accelerated vesting upon death or disability as defined in the plan. The profit unit award was granted November 1, 2013;
20% vested on November 1, 2016, 25% vests on November 1, 2017 and the final 30% vests on November 1, 2018.   

(17)    Calculated by multiplying the number of unvested shares of Non-Voting Common Stock by the market value on October 31, 2016.   

(18)    Amount represents a restricted stock award. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary of the grant, 15% on the
second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary, subject to accelerated
vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan. The restricted stock award was granted
November 1, 2011 and the final 30% vested on November 1, 2016.   

(19)    Amount represents a performance-based restricted stock award that was approved by the Committee on November 1, 2011 and granted
on November 1, 2012 upon Committee certification that required performance objectives had been achieved. The grant vested 10% on
the date of grant; 15% vested on the first anniversary, 20% vested on the second anniversary, 25% vested on the third anniversary
and the final 30% vested on the fourth anniversary.   

(20)    Amount represents a restricted stock award. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary of the grant, 15% on the
second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary, subject to accelerated
vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan. The restricted stock award was granted
November 1, 2012; 25% vested on November 1, 2016 and the final 30% vests on November 1, 2017.   

(21)    Amount represents a performance-based restricted stock award that was approved by the Committee on November 1, 2012 and granted
on November 1, 2013 upon Committee certification that required performance objectives had been achieved. The grant vested 10% on
the date of grant; 15% vested on the first anniversary, 20% vested on the second anniversary, 25% vested on the third anniversary
and the final 30% vests on the fourth anniversary, subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability or a change in control
of the Company as defined in the plan.   

(22)    Amount represents a restricted stock award. The original grant vests 10% on the first anniversary of the grant, 15% on the
second anniversary, 20% on the third anniversary, 25% on the fourth anniversary and 30% on the fifth anniversary, subject to accelerated
vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan. The restricted stock award was granted
November 1, 2013; 20% vested on November 1, 2016, 25% vests on November 1, 2017 and the final 30% vests on November 1, 2018.   

(23)    Amount represents a performance-based restricted stock award that was approved by the Committee on November 1, 2013 and granted
on November 3, 2014 upon Committee certification that required performance objectives had been achieved. The grant vested 10% on
the date of grant; 15% vested on the first anniversary, 20% vested on the second anniversary, 25% vests on the third anniversary
and the final 30% vests on the fourth anniversary, subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability or a change in control
of the Company as defined in the plan.   

(25)    Amount represents a performance-based restricted stock award that was approved by the Committee on July 9, 2014 and granted
on July 9, 2015 upon Committee certification that required performance objectives had been achieved. The grant vested 10% on the
date of grant; 15% vested on the first anniversary, 20% vests on the second anniversary, 25% vests on the third anniversary and
the final 30% vests on the fourth anniversary, subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of
the Company as defined in the plan.   

(27)    Amount represents a performance-based restricted stock award that was approved by the Committee on November 3, 2014 and granted
on November 3, 2015 upon Committee certification that required performance objectives had been achieved. The grant vested 10% on
the date of grant; 15% vested on the first anniversary, 20% vests on the second anniversary, 25% vests on the third anniversary
and the final 30% vests on the fourth anniversary, subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability or a change in control
of the Company as defined in the plan.   

(28)    Amount represents a performance-based restricted stock award that was approved by the Committee on January 14, 2015 and granted
on January 14, 2016 upon Committee certification that required performance objectives had been achieved. The grant vested 10% on
the date of grant; 15% vests on the first anniversary, 20% vests on the second anniversary, 25% vests on the third anniversary
and the final 30% vests on the fourth anniversary, subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability or a change in control
of the Company as defined in the plan.   

(29)    Calculated by multiplying the number of unearned awards of unvested shares of Non-Voting Common Stock by the market value on
October 31, 2016.   

(30)    Amount represents a performance-based restricted stock award that was approved by the Committee on November 2, 2015 and granted
on November 2, 2016 upon Committee certification that required performance objectives had been achieved. The grant vested 10% on
the date of grant; 15% vests on the first anniversary, 20% vests on the second anniversary, 25% vests on the third   

anniversary and the final 30% vests on the fourth
anniversary, subject to accelerated vesting upon death, disability or a change in control of the Company as defined in the plan. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested During Fiscal 2016  

The following table sets forth certain information regarding
stock options exercised by our named executive officers and restricted stock that vested during fiscal 2016. 

(1)    Calculated as the difference between the market value of the underlying Non-Voting Common Stock at the exercise date of the
options and the aggregate exercise price. Actual gains realized on disposition of stock acquired upon exercise depend on the value
of the underlying Non-Voting Common Stock on the date the Non-Voting Common Stock is sold.   

(2)    Calculated by multiplying the number of vested shares of Non-Voting Common Stock by the market value of the Non-Voting Common
Stock on the date of vesting.   

Non-qualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal 2016  

The following table sets forth certain information regarding
interest and dividend income, investment gains and losses and market appreciation in fiscal 2016 by our named executive officers
on their balances in the Company s non-qualified Supplemental Profit Sharing Retirement Plan and the Stock Option Income
Deferral Plan, along with aggregate balances as of October 31, 2016. 

(1)    Amounts include net investment gains on balances in the non-qualified Supplemental Profit Sharing Retirement Plan for Messrs.
Faust and Swaffield of $4,197 and $2,283, respectively. Also included is dividend income earned on balances in the Stock Option
Income Deferral Plan for Mr. Faust of $236,465. Additionally, the aggregate earnings include market depreciation of $234,234 on
balances in the Stock Option Income Deferral Plan for Mr. Faust. Since investment returns in the Supplemental Profit Sharing Retirement
Plan and the Stock Option Income Deferral Plan are not above-market or preferential, none of the amounts included in this table
are reportable in the Summary Compensation Table. See  Non-qualified Compensation Plan Benefits  above in this Item
11 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of the Supplemental Profit Sharing Retirement Plan and Stock Option
Income Deferral Plan.   

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control  

The table below shows the estimated incremental value transfer
to each of our named executive officers under various scenarios relating to a termination of employment or change of control. The
table below assumes such events occurred on October 31, 2016. The actual amounts that would be paid to any named executive officer
can only be determined at the time of an actual termination and would vary from those shown below. 

(1)    Amounts shown represent the market price per share of Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock on October 31, 2016 ($35.06) multiplied
by the number of unvested restricted shares each person holds plus the difference between the market price per share of Eaton Vance
Non-Voting Common Stock on October 31, 2016 and the exercise price of the in-the-money unvested options held by each person multiplied
by the number of shares underlying the unvested in-the-money options held. Unexercised options with an exercise price above the
market price per share of Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock on October 31, 2016 (i.e., options that are not in the money) have
been excluded from the table above. The death/disability benefit value for Mr. Langstraat also includes the per unit enterprise
value of Parametric as of October 31, 2016 less the grant date enterprise value of Parametric as of the grant date multiplied by
the number of unvested profit units held by him.   

(2)    Stock options granted prior to October 24, 2012 provide for continued vesting upon retirement based on the original terms of
the agreement. Only Messrs. Faust and Swaffield had met the age and service requirements under the retirement eligibility clause
of the Company s option programs relating to these grants as of October 31, 2016. Options with an exercise price above the
market price per share of Eaton Vance Non-Voting Common Stock on October 31, 2016 (i.e., options that are not in the money) have
been excluded from the table above.   

Change of Control  

Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, a change in control
of the Company is defined under the 2008 Plan and the 2013 Plan, as: 

1)  The acquisition, other than from the Company or with the Company s interest, by any individual, entity or group of beneficial
ownership of 50 percent or more of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding Voting Stock; provided, that any acquisition
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries shall not constitute a Change in Control;   

2)  Approval by the Voting Shareholders of the Company of a reorganization, merger or consolidation (a  Business Combination ),
in each case with respect to which all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who are the respective beneficial owners
of Voting Stock immediately prior to such Business Combination will not, following such Business Combination, beneficially own,
directly or indirectly, more than 50 percent of, respectively, the then combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Stock
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Company or other entity resulting from the Business Combination
in substantially the same proportion as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination; or   

3)  Approval by the Voting Shareholders of (i) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company, (ii) a sale or other disposition
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, (iii) a sale or disposition of Eaton Vance Management (or any successor
thereto) or of all or substantially all of the assets of Eaton Vance Management (or any successor thereto), or (iv) an assignment
by any direct or indirect investment adviser Subsidiary of the Company of investment advisory agreements pertaining to more than
50 percent of the aggregate assets under management of all such subsidiaries of the Company, in the case of (ii), (iii) or (iv)
other than to a corporation or other entity with respect to which, following such sale or disposition or assignment, more than
50 percent of the outstanding combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors of the corporation or other entity is then owned beneficially, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially
all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Voting Stock immediately prior to such sale, disposition
or assignment in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Voting Stock immediately prior to such sale, disposition
or assignment.   

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following events shall not
cause, or be deemed to cause, and shall not constitute, or be deemed to constitute, a Change of Control: 

1)  The acquisition, holding or disposition of Voting Stock deposited under the Voting Trust Agreement
dated as of October 30, 1997, as amended, of the voting trust receipts issued therefore, any change in the persons who are voting
trustees thereunder, or the acquisition, holding or disposition of Voting Stock deposited under any subsequent replacement voting
trust agreement or of the voting trust receipts issued therefore, or any change in the persons who are voting trustees under any
such subsequent replacement voting trust agreement; provided, that any such acquisition, disposition or change shall have resulted
solely by reason of the death, incapacity, retirement, resignation, election or replacement of one or more voting trustees.   

2)  Any termination or expiration of a voting trust agreement under which Voting Securities have been deposited or the withdrawal
there from of any Voting Securities deposited thereunder, if all Voting Securities and/or the voting trust receipts issued therefore
continue to be held thereafter by the same persons in the same amounts.   

3)  The approval by the holders of the Voting Stock of a reorganization of the Company into different operating groups, business
entities or other reorganization after which the voting power of the Company is maintained as substantially the same as before
the reorganization by the holders of the Voting Stock.   

As discussed previously, our named executive officers do not
have employment, severance or change in control agreements. Each of the outstanding agreements pursuant to which stock options
and restricted stock awards were granted to our named executive officers contains provisions for acceleration of vesting of stock
options and restricted stock in connection with a change in control (as defined in the applicable plan or agreement). 

Retirement  

Stock options granted on or after October 24, 2012 and restricted
stock awards (whenever awarded) do not provide for continued or accelerated vesting upon retirement. Stock options granted on or
after November 1, 2007 but before October 24, 2012 provide for continued vesting upon retirement based on the original terms 

of the agreement. For this purpose, employees are eligible for
retirement at age 65 and for early retirement when the employee reaches age 55 and has a combined age plus years of service to
the Company equal to at least 75 years, or otherwise with the Company s consent. 

Death/Disability  

Our long-term equity incentive plans, including the Parametric
Plan, provide that options, restricted stock, profit unit awards and phantom incentive units become immediately vested and exercisable
upon the awardee s death or termination of service with the Company due to disability within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3)
of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended from time to time. 

Director Compensation  

In fiscal 2016, the Committee did not engage an independent
consulting firm to assist in evaluating director compensation. 

In line with our philosophy regarding executive compensation,
it is the Committee s objective to align the goals of our director compensation with the goals of our shareholders. To that
end, a significant portion of our director compensation is paid in the form of equity awards linked to an increase in shareholder
value. Each year, our non-employee directors are each granted on the first business day in November options with a Black-Scholes
value of $55,000 and a phantom stock award with a value of $55,000. In addition, at the first Board meeting following his or her
election, each new non-employee director receives an option grant with a Black-Scholes value of $55,000 and a phantom stock award
with a value of $55,000. All options granted to non-employee directors are immediately exercisable. Phantom stock awards vest and
settle on the first to occur of the second anniversary of the grant date or the date of the director s termination. The phantom
stock award is settled in a lump sum cash payment equal in value to the number of phantom stock units held by the director multiplied
by the current market price per share of the Company s Non-Voting Common Stock. 

During fiscal 2016, the Committee approved an increase in both
the annual stock option grant and phantom stock award from $55,000 to $70,000 for service as a director, effective for fiscal 2017. 

In addition to the equity-based compensation described above,
our non-employee directors receive the following cash compensation: 

Meeting fees of $2,500 for attending a Board meeting ($1,750
for participating in a Board meeting via telephone). 

$1,500 for attending a committee meeting ($1,100 for participating
in a committee meeting via telephone). 

The Chairs of Board committees, members of the Audit Committee
and the lead independent Director receive additional annual retainers as follows: 

Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee: $7,500 

Members of the Audit Committee, excluding the Chair: $5,000 

Our directors are reimbursed for their reasonable travel and
related expenses incurred in attending our Board and Committee meetings. Employee directors of the Company receive no additional
compensation for their service as directors. 

While our equity-based compensation plans are designed to encourage
long-term stock ownership, we do not have specific stock ownership requirements or guidelines for our outside Directors. 

The following table sets forth information regarding the compensation
earned by our non-employee directors in fiscal 2016. 

(1)    These figures represent the grant date fair value, as calculated in accordance with accounting standards, of phantom stock
awards granted during fiscal 2016.   

(2)    These figures represent the aggregate grant date fair value of options granted during fiscal 2016. The assumptions used in
the calculation of these amounts are included above in the Summary Compensation Table.   

(3)    As of October 31, 2016, each director had the following number of options (all vested) and phantom stock awards (all unvested)
outstanding:   

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Voting Common Stock  

All outstanding shares of our Voting Common Stock, $0.00390625
par value (which is the only class of our stock having voting rights) are deposited in a Voting Trust, of which the Voting Trustees
were, as of October 31, 2016, Jeffrey P. Beale, Craig R. Brandon, Daniel C. Cataldo, Michael A. Cirami, Cynthia J. Clemson, James
H. Evans, Thomas E. Faust Jr., Maureen A. Gemma, Laurie G. Hylton, Brian D. Langstraat, Frederick S. Marius, David C. McCabe, Scott
H. Page, Edward J. Perkin, Lewis R. Piantedosi, Charles B. Reed, Craig P. Russ, John L. Shea, Eric A. Stein, Payson F. Swaffield,
Michael W. Weilheimer, R. Kelly Williams and Matthew J. Witkos. The Voting Trust has a term that expires on October 31, 2019. Each
holder of Voting Common Stock is a Voting Trustee. Inasmuch as the 23 Voting Trustees of the Voting Trust have unrestricted voting
rights with respect to the Voting Common Stock (except that the Voting Trust Agreement provides that the Voting Trustees shall
not vote such Stock in favor of the sale, mortgage or pledge of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, any change
in the capital structure or powers of the Company in connection with a merger, consolidation, reorganization or dissolution of
the Company, the termination of the Voting Trust, the addition of a Voting Trustee, the removal of a Voting Trustee by the other
Voting Trustees or the renewal of the term of the Voting Trust without the written consent of the holders of Voting Trust Receipts
representing at least a majority of such Stock subject at the time to the Voting Trust Agreement), they may be deemed to be the
beneficial owners of all of the Company s outstanding Voting Common Stock by virtue of Rule 13d-3(a)(1) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. The Voting Trust Agreement provides that the Voting Trustees shall act by a majority if there are six or
more Voting Trustees; otherwise they shall act unanimously except as otherwise provided in the Voting Trust Agreement. The address
of the Voting Trustees is Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02110. 

The following table sets forth the beneficial owners at October
31, 2016 of the Voting Trust Receipts issued under said Voting Trust Agreement, which Receipts cover the aggregate of 442,932 shares
of the Voting Common Stock then outstanding: 

(1)      The address for each Beneficial Holder is c/o Eaton Vance Corp.,
Two International Place, Boston, MA 02110.     

Mr. Faust is an officer and Director of the Company and Voting
Trustee of the Voting Trust. Mr. Langstraat is an officer of Parametric, Director of the Company and Voting Trustee of the Voting
Trust. Messrs. Beale, Cataldo, Marius, Perkin, Swaffield, and Ms. Hylton are officers of the Company and Voting Trustees of the
Voting Trust. Ms. Clemson, Ms. Gemma and Messrs. Brandon, Cirami, Evans, McCabe, Page, Piantedosi, Reed, Russ, Shea, Stein, Weilheimer,
Williams and Witkos are officers of the Company or its subsidiaries and Voting Trustees of the Voting 

Trust. No transfer of any kind of the Voting Trust Receipts
issued under the Voting Trust may be made at any time unless they have first been offered to the Company at book value. In the
event of the death or termination of employment with the Company or a subsidiary of a holder of the Voting Trust Receipts, the
shares represented by such Voting Trust Receipts must be offered to the Company at book value. Similar restrictions exist with
respect to the Voting Common Stock, all shares of which are deposited and held of record in the Voting Trust. 

Non-Voting Common Stock  

The Articles of Incorporation of the Company provide that our
Non-Voting Common Stock, $0.00390625 par value, shall have no voting rights under any circumstances whatsoever. As of October 31,
2016, the executive officers and Directors of the Company, as a group, beneficially owned 8,173,215 shares of such Non-Voting Common
Stock (including, as noted, options exercisable within 60 days to purchase such stock and shares held in the trust of the Stock
Option Income Deferral Plan for an executive officer), or 7.0 percent of the 117,375,599 total shares and share equivalents of
Non-Voting Common Stock then outstanding (consisting of 113,545,008 shares outstanding plus 3,607,511 shares subject to options
exercisable within 60 days held by executive officers and Directors and 223,080 shares held in the trust of the Stock Option Income
Deferral Plan for an executive officer), based upon information furnished by the officers and Directors. 

The following table sets forth the beneficial
ownership of our Non-Voting Common Stock as of October 31, 2016, including options exercisable within 60 days to purchase such
stock, by, (i) each of the named executive officers of the Company (as defined in Item 11,  Executive Compensation, 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K), (ii) each Director of the Company and (iii) all current named executive officers and Directors
as a group (investment power being sole unless otherwise indicated): 

*    Percentage of class owned
is less than 1 percent   

(a)      Based solely upon information furnished by the individuals.     

(b)      Includes shares subject
to options exercisable within 60 days granted to, but not exercised by, each executive officer and Director above.   

(d)      Includes 12,400 shares held by or on behalf of Mr. Faust s children.     

(e)      Includes 223,080 shares held in the trust of the Stock Option Income Deferral Plan for Mr.
Faust.     

(f)      Includes 9,080 shares held by or on behalf of Ms. Hylton s children.     

Changes in Control  

There are no arrangements,
including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change
in control of the Company. 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans  

The following table sets forth certain information concerning
our equity compensation plans at October 31, 2016: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

(c)     

Number of     

(a)       
     (b)       
     securities     

Number of       
     Weighted-       
     remaining available     

securities       
     average       
     for future issuance     

to be issued upon       
     exercise price       
     under equity     

the exercise of       
     of outstanding       
     compensation plans     

outstanding       
     options,       
     (excluding     

options, warrants       
     warrants and       
     securities reflected     
 
     Plan category    
      and rights  (1)          
     rights       
      in column (a))  (2)        
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    
        20,311,309       
     $  33.52       
        7,123,614     
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total    
        20,311,309       
     $  33.52       
        7,123,614     

(1)      The amount appearing under the  Number of securities to be issued upon the exercise
of outstanding options, warrants and rights  represents 20,311,309 shares related to our 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan and
predecessor plans.     

(2)      The amount appearing under  Number of securities remaining available for future issuance
under equity compensation plans  includes 191,308 shares related to our 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 83,370 shares
related to our 2013 Nonqualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 294,189 shares related to our 2013 Incentive Compensation Nonqualified
Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 6,554,747 shares related to our 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which provides for the issuance of
stock options, restricted stock and phantom stock.     

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  

Transactions with Related Persons  

We have established an Employee Loan Program under which a program
maximum of $20.0 million is available for loans to our officers (other than named executive officers) and other key employees to
finance their exercise of options to acquire shares of our Non-Voting Common Stock. Loans are written for a seven-year period,
are at varying fixed interest rates (currently ranging from 0.9 percent to 2.9 percent), are payable in annual installments commencing
with the third year in which the loan is outstanding, and are collateralized by the stock issued upon exercise of the option. We
ceased making new loans under a previous loan program to our executive officers and our Directors in conformity with a federal
law effective July 30, 2002. All loans under the program must be made on or before October 31, 2018. Loans outstanding under our
program totaled $12.1 million at October 31, 2016. 

During the year ended October 31, 2016, the Company did not
at any time have any executive officers who were indebted to the Company under an employee loan program. 

From time to time, our directors and executive officers, as
well as their immediate family members, may invest their personal funds in Eaton Vance mutual funds on substantially the same terms
and conditions as other similarly situated investors in these mutual funds who are neither directors nor employees of Eaton Vance. 

As a general policy, all other transactions with related parties
are prohibited unless approved by the Board of Directors or pursuant to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors,
Officers and Employees. 

Director Independence  

As of October 31, 2016 our Board of Directors consisted of Thomas
E. Faust Jr., Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, Brian D. Langstraat, Chief Executive Officer of Parametric,
and the following independent Directors, as defined under applicable NYSE listing standards: Ann E. Berman, Leo I. Higdon, Jr.,
Dorothy E. Puhy, Winthrop H. Smith, Jr. and Richard A. Spillane, Jr. Our Board of Directors has determined that each member of
the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees meets the standards of independence under the governance guidelines
and applicable NYSE listing standards, including the requirement that each member is free of any relationship that would interfere
with his or her individual exercise of independent judgment. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services  

Audit and Non-Audit Fees  

The following table presents fees for the professional audit
services rendered by Deloitte   Touche LLP for the integrated audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended
October 31, 2016 and 2015 and fees billed for other services rendered by Deloitte   Touche LLP during those periods. 

(1)      Audit fees include professional services rendered for the audits of Eaton Vance Corp. s
annual financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, audits of the consolidated sponsored funds, review of
the financial statements included in Form 10-Q filings, and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements.     

(2)      Audit-related fees consist primarily of a security count audit, employee benefit plans and
an attestation on internal control over compliance.     

(3)      Tax fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by
                                                                                                Deloitte   Touche LLP for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning for the Company (domestic and
                                                                                                international) and tax return preparation for consolidated sponsored funds.   

Our Audit Committee reviews all audit, audit-related,
tax and all other fees at least annually. Our Audit Committee pre-approved all audit, audit-related, tax and other services in
fiscal 2016 and 2015. Our Audit Committee has concluded that the provision of the services listed above is compatible with maintaining
the independence of Deloitte   Touche LLP. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules 

(a)    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules    

The consolidated financial statements of Eaton Vance Corp. and
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. No financial
statement schedules are required. 

The list of exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K
is set forth in the Exhibit Index on pages 167 through 174 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Eaton Vance Corp. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EATON VANCE CORP.   

/s/ Thomas E. Faust Jr.   

Thomas E. Faust Jr.   

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer   

and President   

December 21, 2016   
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Eaton Vance Corp. and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated: 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Each Exhibit is listed in this index according to the number
assigned to it in the exhibit table set forth in Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The following Exhibits are filed as a part of this
Report or incorporated herein by reference pursuant to Rule 12b-32 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description    

2.1  
       
      Copy of the Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2001, among Eaton Vance Acquisitions, a Massachusetts Business Trust, and Fox Asset Management, Inc., a New Jersey corporation, and Messrs. J. Peter Skirkanich, James P. O Mealia, George C. Pierdes, John R. Sampson and Phillip R. Sloan has been filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2001, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.   

2.2  
       
      Copy of Amendment No. 1 of the Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2001, among Eaton Vance Acquisitions, a Massachusetts Business Trust, Saucon I, Inc., a New Jersey corporation formerly named Fox Asset Management, Inc., Saucon III, a Delaware limited liability company, Saucon IV, a Delaware limited liability company, and Messrs. J. Peter Skirkanich, James P. O Mealia, George C. Pierdes, John R. Sampson and Phillip R. Sloan has been filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Form 8-K/A filed on October 19, 2001, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.   

2.3  
       
      Copy of the Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2001, among Eaton Vance Acquisitions, a Massachusetts Business Trust, Atlanta Capital Management Company, LLC, and each of Daniel W. Boone III, Gregory L. Coleman, Jerry D. Devore, William Hackney, III, Marilyn Robinson Irvin, Dallas L. Lundy, Walter F. Reames, Jr. and Christopher A. Reynolds has been filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Form 8-K/A filed on October 19, 2001, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.   

2.4  
       
      Copy of the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2003, among Eaton Vance Acquisitions, a Massachusetts Business Trust, and PPA Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, PPA Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation doing business under the name of  Parametric Portfolio Associates  and Brian Langstraat and David Stein has been filed as Exhibit 2.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2003, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.   

2.5  
       
      Copy of The First Amendment to the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2003, among Eaton Vance Acquisitions, a Massachusetts Business Trust, and PPA Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, PPA Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation doing business under the name of  Parametric Portfolio Associates  and Brian Langstraat and David Stein has been filed as Exhibit 2.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2003, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.   

2.6  
       
      Copy of the Second Amendment to the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2003, among Eaton Vance Acquisitions, a Massachusetts Business Trust, and PPA Acquisition, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, PPA Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation doing business under the name of  Parametric Portfolio Associates  and Brian Langstraat and David Stein has been filed as Exhibit 2.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2003, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.   

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description    

2.7 
       
     Copy of the Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2008, by and among M.D. Sass Tax Advantaged Bond Strategies, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, M.D. Sass Investors Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation, 1185 Advisors, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, James H. Evans, and Eaton Vance Management, a Massachusetts business trust and wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant, has been filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed November 12, 2008, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.  

2.8 
       
     Copy of the Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2012, by and among Hexavest Inc., its shareholders, 9264-7064 Qu bec Inc. and Eaton Vance Management Canada Ltd. filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K of the Company on June 15, 2012 (S.E.C. file No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.  

3.1 
       
     The Company s Amended Articles of Incorporation, as amended, are filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3 dated June 14, 2013, filed pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 (S.E.C. File No. 333-189309) and are incorporated herein by reference.  

3.2 
       
     The Company s By-Laws, as amended, are filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 18, 2006 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and are incorporated herein by reference.  

4.1 
       
     The rights of the holders of the Company s Common Stock, par value $0.00390625 per share, and Non-Voting Common Stock, par value $0.00390625 per share, are described in the Company s Amended Articles of Incorporation (particularly Articles Sixth, Seventh and Ninth thereof) and the Company s By-Laws (particularly Article II thereof). See Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 above as incorporated herein by reference.  

9.1 
       
     Copy of the Voting Trust Agreement made as of October 30, 1997 has been filed as Exhibit 9.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 1997, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.  

9.2 
       
     Copy of the resolutions of the Voting Trustees of the Voting Trust amending the Voting Trust Agreement, dated October 11, 2000 has been filed as Exhibit 9.2 as part of Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2006, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and are incorporated herein by reference.  

9.3 
       
     Copy of the resolutions of the Voting Trustees of the Voting Trust amending the Voting Trust Agreement, dated October 1, 2003 has been filed as Exhibit 9.3 as part of Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2006, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and are incorporated herein by reference.  

9.4 
       
     Copy of the resolutions of the Voting Trustees of the Voting Trust amending the Voting Trust Agreement, dated October 10, 2006 has been filed as Exhibit 9.4 as part of Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2006, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and are incorporated herein by reference.  

9.5  
       
      Copy of the resolutions of the Voting Trustees of the Voting Trust amending the Voting Trust Agreement has been filed as Exhibit 9.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2010, (S.E.C. File No 1-8100) and are incorporated herein by reference.   

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description    

9.6  
       
      Copy of the resolutions of the Voting Trustees of the Voting Trust dated October 4, 2013 amending the Voting Trust Agreement has been filed as Exhibit 9.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2013 (S.E.C. File No 1-8100) and are incorporated herein by reference.   

9.7  
       
      Copy of the resolutions of the Voting Trustees of the Voting Trust dated October 26, 2016 amending the Voting Trust Agreement.   

10.1 
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. Supplemental Profit Sharing Plan adopted by the Company s Directors on October 9, 1996, has been filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 1996, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.2 
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. 1998 Stock Option Plan as adopted by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors on July 9, 1998 has been filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 1998 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.3 
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan as adopted by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors on July 9, 1998 has been filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 1998 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100), and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.4 
       
     Copy of the 1998 Executive Loan Program, as amended, relating to financing or refinancing the exercise of options by key directors, officers, and employees adopted by the Eaton Vance Corp. Directors on October 15, 1998 has been filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2007, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.5 
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. 1999 Restricted Stock Plan as adopted by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors on October 13, 1999 has been filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 1999 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.6  
       
     Copy of Amendment No. 1 to the Eaton Vance Corp. Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan as adopted by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors on October 11, 2000 has been filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2000 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.7  
       
     Copy of the restated Eaton Vance Corp. Supplemental Profit Sharing Plan as adopted by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors on October 11, 2000 has been filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2000 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.8  
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. Stock Option Income Deferral Plan as adopted by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors on April 18, 2001 has been filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2001, (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description    

10.28  
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. 1986 Employee Stock Purchase Plan   Restatement No. 12 as approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors and the Voting Shareholders on October 26, 2010 has been filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2010 (S.E.C File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.29  
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restatement No. 3 as approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors and the Voting Shareholders on October 26, 2010 has been filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on December 16, 2010 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.30  
       
     Copy of the 2010 Amendment to the Eaton Vance Corp. Annual Performance Incentive Plan for Non-Covered Employees as approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors and Voting Shareholders on October 26, 2010 has been filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2010 (S.E.C File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.31  

Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restatement
        No. 4 as approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors and the Voting Shareholders on October 26, 2011 has been filed as
        Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on October 31, 2011 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated
        herein by reference.   

10.32  
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. Executive Performance-Based Compensation Plan Restatement No. 2 as approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors and the Voting Shareholders on October 26, 2011 has been filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on October 31, 2011 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.33  
       
     Copy of the Credit Agreement, dated June 4, 2012, between Eaton Vance Corp. as borrower, and JP Morgan Chase Bank N.A., as administrative agent, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC as sole lead arranger and sole bookmaker and Eaton Vance Management (wholly-owned subsidiary of Eaton Vance Corp.) as guarantor and the lenders, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on June 4, 2012 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.   

10.34  
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restatement No. 5 as approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors and the Voting Shareholders on October 24, 2012 has been filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company on October 26, 2012 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.35  
       
     Copy of the 2013 Amendment to the Eaton Vance Employee Loan Program (formerly called the Eaton Vance Corp. 1998 Executive Loan Program) as approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors on April 10, 2013 has been filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2013 (S.E.C. File No 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.36  
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors on October 3, 2013 and the Voting Shareholders on October 4, 2013 has been filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K on October 9, 2013 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description    

on October 28, 2015 and the Voting Shareholders on October 30, 2015 has been filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K on November 3, 2015 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.47 
       
     Copy of the Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC, Long-term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors on October 28, 2015 and the Voting Shareholders on October 30, 2015 has been filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K on November 3, 2015 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.   

10.48 
       
     Copy of the Eaton Vance Corp. Deferred Alpha Incentive Plan, approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors on October 28, 2015 and the Voting Shareholders on October 30, 2015 has been filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K on November 3, 2015 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.49 
       
     Copy of the 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors and the Voting Shareholders on October 26, 2016 has been filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K on October 31, 2016 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

10.50 
       
     Copy of the 2016 Parametric Phantom Incentive Plan, approved by the Eaton Vance Corp. Board of Directors and the Voting Shareholders on October 26, 2016 has been filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K on October 31, 2016 (S.E.C. File No. 1-8100) and is incorporated herein by reference.    

21.1 
       
     List of the Company s Subsidiaries as of October 31, 2016 (filed herewith).  

23.1 
       
     Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith).  

31.1  
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).  

31.2  
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith).  

32.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

32.2 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).  

99.1  
       
      List of Eaton Vance Corp. Open Registration Statements (filed herewith).   

101 

Materials from the Eaton Vance Corp. Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated
Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders  Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) related Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, tagged in detail (filed herewith).    

Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K.  

<EX-9.7>
 2
 v455214_ex9-7.htm
 EXHIBIT 9.7

Exhibit 9.7  

  EATON VANCE CORP.  

WRITTEN CONSENT OF 

 VOTING TRUSTEES AND 

  HOLDERS OF VOTING TRUST RECEIPT  

The undersigned, constituting a majority
of the Voting Trustees under the Voting Trust Agreement made as of October 30, 1997, as amended, relating to all of the issued
and outstanding shares of Voting Common Stock, par value $0.00390625 ( Shares ), of Eaton Vance Corp. (the  Corporation ),
and holding the outstanding Voting Trust Receipts representing at least a majority of the Shares, do hereby consent as follows: 

The Voting Trustees hereby approve the Amended and
Restated Eaton Vance Corp. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which was adopted and approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation
on October 26, 2016. 

The Voting Trustees hereby approve the 2016 Parametric
Phantom Incentive Plan, which was adopted and approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation on October 26, 2016. 

That The Voting Trust shall be renewed by the Voting
Trustees, with the consent required by Section 3(6) of the Voting Trust, for an additional term of three years ending October 31,
2019. 

In witness whereof we have hereunto set our hands
and seals as of this 26 th  day of October, 2016. 

/s/ Lewis R. Piantedosi  
      /s/ Michael W. Weilheimer   
 
      Lewis R. Piantedosi  
      Michael W. Weilheimer   

/s/ David C. McCabe  
      /s/ Scott H. Page   
 
      David. C. McCabe  
      Scott H. Page   

/s/ Daniel C. Cataldo  
      /s/ Matthew J. Witkos   
 
      Daniel C. Cataldo  
      Matthew J. Witkos   

/s/ John L. Shea  
      /s/ Brian D. Langstraat   
 
      John L. Shea  
      Brian D. Langstraat   

/s/ Jeffrey P. Beale  
      /s/ Laurie G. Hylton   
 
      Jeffrey P. Beale  
      Laurie G. Hylton   

/s/ Eddie J. Perkins  
      /s/ Thomas E. Faust Jr.   
 
      Eddie J. Perkins  
      Thomas E. Faust Jr.   

/s/ Payson F. Swaffield  
      /s/ Frederick S. Marius   
 
      Payson F. Swaffield  
      Frederick S. Marius   

/s/ Maureen A. Gemma  
      /s/ James H. Evans   
 
      Maureen A. Gemma  
      James H. Evans   

/s/ Michael A. Cirami  
      /s/ Charles B. Reed   
 
      Michael A. Cirami  
      Charles B. Reed   

/s/ Eric Stein  

Eric Stein  

</EX-9.7>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 v455214_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1  

  List of Subsidiaries  

  As of October 31, 2016*  

State or Jurisdiction of  
          Incorporation or  
          Organization   
     
          Name Under 
        Which  
          Subsidiary Does  
          Business    
 
       First Tier Subsidiaries of Eaton Vance Corp.:   

Eaton Vance Distributors, Inc.  
      Massachusetts  
      Same   
 
      Eaton Vance Investment Counsel  
      Massachusetts  
      Same   
 
      Eaton Vance Management  
      Massachusetts  
      Same   
 
      Eaton Vance Acquisitions  
      Delaware  
      Same   

Certain Subsidiaries of Eaton Vance Acquisitions:   

Atlanta Capital Management Company, LLC  
      Delaware  
      Same   
 
      Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC  
      Delaware  
      Same   

Certain Subsidiaries of Eaton Vance Management:   

Boston Management and Research  
      Massachusetts  
      Same   
 
      Eaton Vance Management Canada Ltd  
      British Columbia  
      Same   
 
      Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited  
      United Kingdom  
      Same   

*The names of certain subsidiaries have been omitted from this
list inasmuch as the unnamed subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant
subsidiary as of the Company s fiscal year ended October 31, 2016. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 v455214_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1  

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements listed at Exhibit 99.1 on Forms S-3 and S-8 of our reports, dated December 21, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial
statements of Eaton Vance Corp. and the effectiveness of Eaton Vance Corp. s internal control over financial reporting appearing
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eaton Vance Corp. for the year ended October 31, 2016. 

/s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 

Boston, Massachusetts 

 December 21, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v455214_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Thomas E. Faust Jr., certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Eaton Vance Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

DATE: December 21, 2016  

/s/ Thomas E. Faust Jr.   

(Signature)   

Thomas E. Faust Jr.   

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v455214_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Laurie G. Hylton, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Eaton Vance Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.   

DATE: December 21, 2016 

/s/ Laurie G. Hylton  

(Signature)  

Laurie G. Hylton  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 v455214_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  1350 , 

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Eaton Vance Corp. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas E. Faust, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

DATE: December 21, 2016 

/s/ Thomas E. Faust Jr.  

(Signature)  

Thomas E. Faust Jr.  

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 v455214_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  1350 , 

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Eaton Vance Corp. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Laurie G. Hylton, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

DATE: December 21, 2016 

/s/ Laurie G. Hylton  

(Signature)  

Laurie G. Hylton  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 v455214_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1  

  Eaton Vance Corp.  

  Open Registration Statements  

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 ev-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ev-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ev-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ev-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ev-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ev-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

