<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1434994_0001052918-16-001408_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>158286</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>41666</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>84700</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>5</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001052918-16-001408.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121170309
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001052918-16-001408
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SILVER HILL MINES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001434994
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				911257351
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53236
		FILM NUMBER:		162010926

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2802 SO MAN O WAR
		CITY:			VERADALE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		509 891 8373

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2802 SO MAN O WAR
		CITY:			VERADALE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99037

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001052918-16-001408.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 silverhill10qnov2116sec.htm
 SILVER HILL MINES INC FORM 10-Q

Silver Hill Mines, Inc. 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
    FORM 10-Q  
   
 x 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016  
   
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 From ________________ to ________________ 

SILVER HILL MINES, INC.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(509) 891-8373   
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
   
                                    N/A                                 
 (Former name, former address   former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filings for the past 90 days.  YES    x   NO      
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 YES          NO  x  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.   
   
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 Accelerated filer 
   
 Non-accelerated filer 
    (  Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
 Smaller reporting company 
 x 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No    x  
   
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 
   
 As of November 14, 2016, the number of the Company's shares of common stock par value $0.001, outstanding was 71,292,311.  

1 

SILVER HILL MINES, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 
   
    PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
  3      
    Item 1.  Financial Statements.   
  3      
    Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
  12      
    Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
  13      
    Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
  13      
   
    PART II OTHER INFORMATION   
  15      
    Item 1.  Legal Proceedings.   
  15      
    Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
  15      
    Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
  15      
    Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
  15      
    Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   
  15      
    Item 5.  Other Information   
  15      
    Item 6.  Exhibits   
  15      

2 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
    Item 1.  Financial Statements.  

See Notes to Financial Statements 

3 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

4 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

5 

SILVER HILL MINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION   
   
 The financial statements of Silver Hill Mines, Inc. (the  Company ) presented in this Form 10Q are unaudited and reflect, in the opinion of Management, a fair presentation of operations for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management further acknowledges that it is solely responsible for adopting sound accounting practices, establishing and maintaining a system of internal accounting control and preventing and detecting fraud. The Company s system of internal accounting control is designed to assure, among other items, that 1) recorded transactions are valid; 2) valid transactions are recorded; and 3) transactions are recorded in the proper period in a timely manner to produce financial statements which present fairly the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the respective periods being presented. 

NOTE 2   ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  
   
 The Company was  originally incorporated in the State of Washington on March 27, 1961 for the primary purpose of acquiring and developing mining properties.  The Company has not attained commercial mining operations since its inception.    
   
 On May 11, 2007, Silver Hill Mines, Inc., a Nevada corporation, was organized as the merger partner.  On September 5, 2007, the change in domicile was completed by merging Silver Hills Mines, Inc., the Washington Corporation into Silver Hill Mines, Inc., the Nevada Corporation. Silver Hill Mines, Inc., the Nevada Corporation, was the surviving corporation. 
   
  NOTE 3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
   
      Cash and cash equivalents.  
   
 For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  
   
  Use of Estimates.  
   
 Use of estimates in preparing financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheet and revenues and expenses in the statement of operations. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
   
  Fair Value Measurements.  
   
 For certain financial instruments, including accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, interest payable, advances payable and notes payable, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their relatively short maturities. On January 1, 2008, the Company adopted ASC 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.  
   
 Level 1 input to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.  

6 

SILVER HILL MINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.  
   
 Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. The Company did not identify any non-recurring assets and liabilities that are required to be presented in the balance sheets at fair value in accordance with ASC 815.  
   
 In February 2007, the FASB issued ASC 825-10 Financial Instruments. The carrying amounts of cash and current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short maturity of these items. These fair value estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment, and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates. The Company does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes, nor does it utilize derivative instruments in the management of foreign exchange, commodity price, or interest rate market risks.  
   
  Income taxes   
   
 Deferred income taxes are provided using the liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards, and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of the changes in tax laws and rates of the date of enactment.  
   
 When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination.  
   
 Applicable interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits are classified as additional income taxes in the statements of operations.  
   
  Basic and diluted net loss per share.  
   
 The Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260-10, Earnings per Share as if converted. 
   
  Concentration of Credit Risk.  
   
 Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist of cash and cash equivalents. The Company places its cash with high quality financial institutions and at times may exceed the FDIC insurance limit  

7 

SILVER HILL MINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Special purpose entities.  
   
 The Company does not have any off-balance sheet financing activities.  
   
  Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.    
   
 The Company follows ASC 360-10,   Property, Plant, and Equipment,   which established a   primary asset   approach to determine the cash flow estimation period for a group of assets and liabilities that represents the unit of accounting for a long-lived asset to be held and used. Long-lived assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Through March 31, 2016, the Company had not experienced impairment losses on its long-lived assets. 
   
  Stock Based Compensation   
   
 Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted the fair value recognition provisions of ASC 718 Compensation-Stock. Compensation.  Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation expense recognized is based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that are ultimately expected to vest during the period. Based on this, our stock-based compensation is reduced for estimated forfeitures at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The fair value of each stock option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.  
   
 Assumptions used in the Black-Scholes models are based upon the following data:  
   
 (1) The expected life of the option, estimated by considering the contractual term of the option, the vesting period of the option, the employees expected exercise behavior and the post-vesting employee turnover rate.  
 (2) The expected stock price volatility of the underlying shares over the expected term of the option, based upon historical share price data.  
 (3) The risk free interest rate is based on published U.S. Treasury Department interest rates for the expected terms of the underlying options.  
 (4) Expected dividends, based on historical dividend data and expected future dividend activity.  
 (5) The expected forfeiture rate, based on historical forfeiture activity and assumptions regarding future forfeitures based on the composition of current grantees.  
   
 In accordance with ASC 718, the benefits of tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized for options exercised during the period are classified as financing cash inflows rather than operating cash inflows.  
   
  Business segments  
   
 ASC 280,   Segment Reporting   requires use of the   management approach   model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the way a company s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance. The Company determined it has one operating segment as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

8 

SILVER HILL MINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Recently issued accounting pronouncements.  
   
 On June 10, 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-10,  Development Stage Entities (Topic 915)   Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation , which eliminates the concept of a development stage entity (DSE) in its entirety from current accounting guidance. The Company has elected early adoption of this new standard. 
   
  NOTE 4   GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINITY  
   
 The Company has had no significant operations, assets or liabilities since 1993 and, accordingly, is fully dependent on either future sales of securities or upon its current management and/or advances or loans from significant stockholders or corporate officers to provide sufficient working capital to preserve the integrity of the corporate entity. Because of these factors, our auditors have issued an audit opinion for the Company which includes a statement describing our going concern status. This means, in our auditor's opinion, substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern exists at the date of their opinion.  
   
 The Company's continued existence is dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support its daily operations as well as provide sufficient resources to retire existing liabilities and obligations on a timely basis.  
   
 The Company anticipates offering future sales of equity securities. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional funding through the sales of additional equity securities or, that such funding, if available, will be obtained on terms favorable to or affordable by the Company.  
   
 If no additional operating capital is received during the next twelve months, the Company will be forced to rely upon additional funds loaned by management and/or significant stockholders to preserve the integrity of the corporate entity at this time. In the event, the Company is unable to acquire advances from management and/or significant stockholders, the Company's ongoing operations would be negatively impacted.  
   
 It is the intent of management and significant stockholders to provide sufficient working capital necessary to support and preserve the integrity of the corporate entity. However, no formal commitments or arrangements to advance or loan funds to the Company or repay any such advances or loans exist. There is no legal obligation for either management or significant stockholders to provide additional future funding.  
   
 In such a restricted cash flow scenario, the Company would be unable to complete our business plan steps, and would, instead, delay all cash intensive activities. Without necessary cash flow, the Company may become dormant during the next twelve months, or until such time as necessary funds could be raised in the equity securities market.  
   
 While the Company is of the opinion that good faith estimates of the Company's ability to secure additional capital in the future to reach our goals have been made, there is no guarantee that the Company will receive sufficient funding to sustain operations or implement any future business plan steps. 
   
  NOTE 5   INCOME TAXES  
   
 Due to the change in majority ownership in 2012 and under the limitations of the Internal Revenue Code, there are no benefits to losses incurred that can be carried forward from prior years.  

9 

SILVER HILL MINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

The amount and availability of the net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to limitations set forth by the Internal Revenue Code. Factors such as the number of shares ultimately issued within a three year look-back period; whether there is a deemed more than 50 percent change in control; the applicable long-term tax exempt bond rate; continuity of historical business; and subsequent income of the Company all enter into the annual computation of allowable annual utilization of the carry forwards. 
   
  NOTE 6   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
   
 Ending March 31, 2014, Matthew Maza, the former principal shareholder of the Company, sold his interest in the Company and is no longer a related party.  
   
 Consulting shares were issued to management on May 28, 2015. A total of 20,000,000 restricted common shares to Silver Hill Management, Inc. for consulting services valued at $0.026 per share or $520,000. 
   
 On March 17, 2016, the Company authorized the issuance of Twenty Million (20,000,000) restricted common shares to Silver Hill Management, Inc., a New York corporation, for consulting fees valued at $0.026 per share or $520,000.  George Clair, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, has voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by Silver Hill Management. 
   
  NOTE 7   CAPTIAL STRUCTURE  
   
 As of September 30, 2016, there were 50,000,000 preferred Series  A  shares authorized with a par value of $0.001 and 10,000,000 shares issued and outstanding.  As of September 30, 2016, there were 250,000,000 common shares authorized with a par value of $0.0001 and 71,042,311 shares issued and outstanding. 
   
  NOTE 8   COMMON STOCK  
   
 On March 17, 2016, the Company issued 20,000,000 restricted common shares to Silver Hill Management, Inc., for consulting services rendered, valued at $520,000 or $0.026 per share. 
   
 On March 31, 2016, the Company issued a combined total 620,000 restricted common shares to consultants valued at $0.05 per share or $35,000. 
   
 On May 3, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase 29 acres of land on which is located a bottling plant, together with all buildings and improvements, located in Littleton, Massachusetts.  The purchase price of $19,500,000 is to be paid as $14,500,000 in cash at signing and 8,300,000 shares of non-assessable, registered stock at an agreed upon value of $0.60 per share to be delivered within 90 business days following the exchange of fully signed copies of the Agreement. 
   
 On May 3, 2016, the Company authorized the issuance of the following: 

10 

SILVER HILL MINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

(1) 10,000,000 restricted common shares to Big View International LTD, a Hong Kong company, as a investment to facilitate the company's import and export of goods at a value of $0.20 per share or $2,000,000;  
   
 (2) 10,000,000 restricted common shares to Cantio GmbH, a German company, as a investment to facilitate the company's import and export of goods at a value of $0.20 per share or $2,000,000;  
   
 (3) 5,000,000 restricted common shares to Petra Elm, a German national and Harald Elm s wife, as compensation for Harald Elm and his family moving to Littleton, Massachusetts at a value of $0.60 per share or $3,000,000. 
   
 On May 4, 2016, the Company issued a combined total 620,000 restricted common shares to consultants valued at $0.05 per share or $35,000. 
   
 On May 28, 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of the following shares of common stock:  
   
 (1) 1,923,077 restricted common shares to Assured Investments, LLC for $ 50,000,  
   
 (2) 20,000,000 restricted common shares to Silver Hill Management, Inc. for consulting services valued at $0.026 Cents per share or $ 520,000,  
   
 (3) 3,000,000 restricted common shares in the name of ISME Institute for Sport, Medizin   Ernahrung, GmbH, a company organized under the Federal Republic of Germany, as partial consideration for the Asset Purchase Agreement dated May 16, 2015. The shares are valued at $0.026 each for a total consideration of $78,000 Dollars. 
   
  NOTE 9   DEPOSIT ON ACQUISITION  
   
 The Company is in the due diligence process of finalizing their transaction with ISME Institute. The current fair market value of the shares being issued has been as a deposit on our balance sheet until the audited value of the acquired assets is fully determined. 
   
  NOTE 10   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
   
 On November 3, 2016, the Company authorized the issuance of one hundred and fifty thousand (150,000) common shares to for services rendered at a value of $0.25 per share or $37,500, and one hundred thousand (100,000) common shares to for services rendered of $0.25 per share or $25,000. 
   
 Other than as discussed above, there were no recognizable subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued. 

11 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
   
   FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS:    The below discussion may contain forward looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance and underlying assumptions that are not statements of historical facts.  This document and any other written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf may include forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance.  The words  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   intends,   estimates,   forecast,   project  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements in this document are based upon various assumptions, and although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, and are difficult to predict.  Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements.   Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which reflect management s view only as of the date of this report. 
   
 The management's discussion and analysis is intended to be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited financial statements and the integral notes thereto for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as well as the Company s audited financial statements as reported on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 14, 2016. 
   
   Results of Operations for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the period ended June 30, 2015.   
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $567,770 in expenses as opposed to $613,768 for the prior period.  The increase reflects payments for services.   
   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $0 in other income (expenses), compared to $0 in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
   
   Net Income (Loss)   
   
 The net loss for the nine months ending September 30, 2016 decreased to $567,770 from net loss of $613,768 for the nine months ending September 30, 2015, a decrease of $45,998.  The increase in net loss reflects payments for services. 
   
    Liquidity and Capital Resources    
   
 The Company s working capital deficit at September 30, 2016 was $ (67,765), compared to working capital deficit of $(19,995) at December 31, 2015. The increase is due to continued operating expenses with no income.  
   
  Our liquidity and capital resources are limited. Accordingly, our ability to initiate our plan of operations and continue as a going concern is currently dependent on our ability to either generate significant new revenues or raise external capital through additional borrowing or the sale of additional equity.  
   
  The Company s total assets at September 30, 2016 were $78,000 and total current liabilities were $145,765.  Significant losses from operations have been incurred since inception and there is an accumulated deficit of $2,297,721 as of September 30, 2016.  Continuation as a going concern is dependent upon attaining capital to achieve profitable operations while maintaining current fixed expense levels.  There can be no guarantee that management will be successful in attaining such capital.  
   
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
   
 There are no preliminary agreements or understandings between the Company and its officers and directors or affiliates or lending institutions with respect to any loan agreements.        

12 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
   
 Not Applicable to Smaller Reporting Companies. 
   
      Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  
   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
   
 In connection with the preparation of this report, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management, with the participation of the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2016.  Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
   
 During the evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, management identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, which management considers an integral component of disclosure controls and procedures. Material weaknesses identified include the lack of any segregation of duties, lack of appropriate accounting policies and management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting. As a result of the material weaknesses identified, management concluded that Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 
   
 Notwithstanding the existence of these material weaknesses, management believes that the consolidated financial statements in this report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, Company s financial condition as reported,  in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).   
   
  Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
   
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process, under the supervision of the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).  Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
   
 * 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 
   
 * 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the board of directors; and 
   
 * 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

13 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
   
 The Company s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ).  As a result of this assessment, management identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
   
 The material weaknesses identified are disclosed below. 
   
  Ineffective Oversight of Financial Reporting.   The Company has not provided an appropriate level of oversight of the financial reporting process and has not appropriately monitored the Company s system of internal control.  The Company s monitoring of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting did not result in appropriate actions taken by management to remedy the deficiencies in the process to assess internal control over financial reporting. The Company has no independent audit committee overseeing the financial reporting process. 
   
  Failure to Segregate Duties . Management has not maintained any segregation of duties within the Company due to its reliance on individuals to fill multiple roles and responsibilities.  Our failure to segregate duties has been a material weakness since inception through this report. 
   
  Sufficiency of Accounting Resources . The Company has limited accounting personnel to prepare its financial statements. The insufficiency of our accounting resources has been a material weakness since inception. 
   
 As a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above, the Company's management has concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 
   
 This report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.  We were not required to have, nor have we, engaged the Company s independent registered public accounting firm to perform an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this quarterly report. 
   
  Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting  
   
 During the period ended September 30, 2016, there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
    Limitations  
   
 Our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors or all instances of fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the  

14 

realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and any design may not succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitation of a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
   
    PART II OTHER INFORMATION  
   
                    Item 1.  Legal Proceedings.  
 None. 
                    Item 1A. Risk Factors.  
   
                           Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
   
                    Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
             
                 On November 3, 2016, the Company authorized the issuance of one hundred and fifty thousand (150,000) common shares to for services rendered at a value of $0.25 per share or $37,500, and one hundred thousand (100,000) common shares to for services rendered of $0.25 per share or $25,000. 
   
    Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
   
 None. 
   
                    Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  
   
 Not applicable. 
   
    Item 5.  Other Information  
   
 None 
   
    Item 6.  Exhibits  

EXHIBIT  NUMBER 
   DESCRIPTION 
  
   10.1 
   Purchase and sale agreement by and between Silver Hill Mines, Inc and Io Bio LLC, executed May 3, 2016, incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016. 
  
   10.2 
   Asset Purchase Agreement dated August 26, 2016 by and between Silver Hill Mines Inc. and Richard Green, DDS., incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2016. 
  
   31.1 
     Section 302 Certification, CEO/CFO   , filed herewith  
  
   32.1 
     Section 906 Certification, CEO/CFO   , filed herewith  
  
   101.INS* 
   XBRL Instance Document 
  
   101.SCH* 
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
  
   101.CAL* 
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
  
   101.DEF* 
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
  
   101.LAB* 
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
  
   101.PRE* 
   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

* to be filed by amendment 

15 

SIGNATURES  
   
      In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
   
 Dated:  November 21, 2016 
   
 SILVER HILL MINES, INC. 

/s/ George Clair 
       By: _________________________ 
 George Clair 
 Title: President, Chief Executive Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer 

16 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31  

Exhibit 31 
   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
   
 I, George Clair, certify that: 
   
 (1)  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Silver Hill Mines, Inc., ( Registrant ). 
   
 (2)  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 
   
 (3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 
   
 (4) The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
   
 (a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 
   
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 (c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 (d) disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 (5)  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 (a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 (b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 Date: November 21, 2016 
        /s/ George Clair 
 By: _________________________ 
 George Clair 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32  

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18U.S.C., SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), I, George Clair, the undersigned Chief Executive and Financial Officer of Silver Hill Mines, Inc., (the  Company ), herby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by it and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: November 21, 2016 
        /s/ George Clair 
 By: _________________________ 
 George Clair 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

