<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1419554_0001493152-16-014894_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3470682</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>95896</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>235356</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>714605</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1494619</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>855746</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014894.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114145834
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014894
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bone Biologics Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001419554
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				421743430
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53078
		FILM NUMBER:		161993966

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 COLUMBUS AVE,
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-661-2224

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 COLUMBUS AVE,
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bone Biologics, Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140924

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AFH ACQUISITION X, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071127

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014894.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

[X]
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

[  ]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the transition period from _________ to _________   

Commission
File No.  000-53078   

Bone
Biologics Corporation   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
         
       42-1743430    
 
       (State
                                         or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation
        or formation)   
         
       (I.R.S.
                                         employer  
          identification
        number)    

321
Columbus Ave., Boston, MA 02116   

  (Address
of principal executive offices and Zip Code)  

(732)
661-2224   

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

  [X]
Yes [  ] No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

  [X]
Yes [  ] No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer   
      [  ]  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company   
      [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

  [  ]
Yes [X] No  

As
of November 5, 2016, there were 38,828,607 shares of the issuer s common stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding.  

Bone
Biologics Corporation   

   -
INDEX -   

Page   
 
        PART
    I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION:    

Item
    1.   
      F-1   

Unaudited
    Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

Unaudited
    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      F-1   

Unaudited
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   
      F-2   

Unaudited
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      F-3   

Notes
    to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      F-4   

Item
    2. Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation   
      4   

Item
    3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      9   

Item
    4. Controls and Procedures   
      9   

PART
    II   OTHER INFORMATION:    

Item
    1. Legal Proceedings   
      10   

Item
    1A. Risk Factors   
      10   

Item
    2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      10   

Item
    3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      10   

Item
    4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
      10   

Item
    5. Other Information   
      10   

Item
    6. Exhibits   
      11   

Signatures   
      12   

NOTE
ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Form 10-Q ) contains forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
include those that express plans, anticipation, intent, contingency, goals, targets or future development and/or otherwise are
not statements of historical fact. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and projections about
future events and they are subject to risks and uncertainties known and unknown that could cause actual results and developments
to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number
of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. For a more detailed listing of some of the risks and uncertainties facing the Company,
please see our Current Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) on March 28, 2016.  

All
statements other than historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding our future financial position,
capital expenditures, cash flows, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations are forward-looking
statements. The words  anticipated,   believe,   expect,   plan,   intend, 
 seek,   estimate,   project,   could,   may,  and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include, among others, information regarding future operations,
future capital expenditures, and future net cash flow. Such statements reflect our management s current views with respect
to future events and financial performance and involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, our ability to
raise additional capital to fund our operations, obtaining Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and other regulatory
authorization to market our drug and biological products, successful completion of our clinical trials, our ability to achieve
regulatory authorization to market our lead product NELL-1, our reliance on third party manufacturers for our drug products, market
acceptance of our products, our dependence on licenses for certain of our products, our reliance on the expected growth in demand
for our products, exposure to product liability and defect claims, development of a public trading market for our securities,
and various other matters, many of which are beyond our control.  

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or should underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may
vary materially and adversely from those anticipated, believed, estimated or otherwise indicated. Consequently, all of the forward-looking
statements made in this Annual Report are qualified by these cautionary statements and accordingly there can be no assurances
made with respect to the actual results or developments. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results
of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  

Unless
expressly indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms  Company,   we,   us,  and
 our  in this document refer to Bone Biologics Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and, its wholly owned subsidiary
as defined under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis    in this Form 10-Q.  

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1. Financial Statements.   

Bone
Biologics Corporation   

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets   

See
accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Bone
Biologics Corporation   

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations    

See
accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Bone
Biologics Corporation   

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

See
accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Bone
Biologics Corporation   

     Notes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

1.
The Company   

Bone
Biologics Corporation (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 18, 2007
as AFH Acquisition X, Inc. Pursuant to a Merger Agreement, dated September 19, 2014, by and among the Company, its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Bone Biologics Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ( Merger Sub ), and Bone Biologics, Inc. Merger
Sub merged with and into Bone Biologics Inc., with Bone Biologics remaining as the surviving corporation in the merger. Upon the
consummation of the merger, the separate existence of Merger Sub ceased. On September 22, 2014, the Company officially changed
its name to  Bone Biologics Corporation  to more accurately reflect the nature of its business and Bone Biologics,
Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Bone Biologics, Inc. was incorporated in California on June 9, 2004. In
connection with the merger, the 5,000,000 outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share ( Common
Stock ), prior to the merger were consolidated into 3,853,600 shares of Common Stock and the remaining shares were cancelled.  

Additionally,
all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bone Biologics Inc. s $0.0001 par value common stock converted into a combined
total of 19,897,587 shares of the Company s Common Stock (including 2,151,926 shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding
warrants and 5,648,658 shares issuable upon the conversion of debt).  

We
are a biotechnology company that is currently focused on bone regeneration in spinal fusion using the recombinant human protein,
known as NELL-1. The NELL-1 protein is an osteostimulative recombinant product that provides target specific control over bone
regeneration. The protein has been licensed exclusively for worldwide applications to Bone Biologics through a technology transfer
from the University of California, Los Angeles ( UCLA ). Bone Biologics received guidance from the United States Food
and Drug Administration ( FDA ) that NELL-1 will be classified as a combination product with a device lead.  

The
Company is a development stage entity. The production and marketing of the Company s products and its ongoing research and
development activities will be subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the United States. Prior
to marketing in the United States, any drug developed by the Company must undergo rigorous preclinical (animal) and clinical (human)
testing and an extensive regulatory approval process implemented by the FDA under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. The Company
has limited experience in conducting and managing the preclinical and clinical testing necessary to obtain regulatory approval.
There can be no assurance that the Company will not encounter problems in clinical trials that will cause the Company or the FDA
to delay or suspend clinical trials.  

The
Company s success will depend in part on its ability to obtain patents and product license rights, maintain trade secrets,
and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others, both in the United States and other countries. There can be
no assurance that patents issued to or licensed by the Company will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or that the
rights granted thereunder will provide proprietary protection or competitive advantages to the Company.  

Going
Concern and Liquidity    

The
Company has no significant operating history and, since inception to September 30, 2016, has generated a net loss of approximately
$42 million. The Company will continue to incur significant expenses for development activities for their lead product NELL-1.
Operating expenditures for the next twelve months are estimated at $9.7 million. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern.
In connection with the certain letter agreement (See Note 5), management intends to raise additional debt and/or equity financing
to fund future operations and to provide additional working capital. However, there is no assurance that such financing will be
consummated or obtained in sufficient amounts necessary to meet the Company s needs. If cash resources are insufficient
to satisfy the Company s on-going cash requirements, the Company will be required to scale back or discontinue its product
development programs, or obtain funds if available (although there can be no certainties) through strategic alliances that may
require the Company to relinquish their rights to its technology, or discontinue its operations entirely.  

Pursuant
to the October 2016 Note Purchase Agreement (Note 11), the Company may only use the proceeds from the issuance of the convertible
notes to focus on prioritizing operations on essential research and development activities. Also pursuant to the October 2016
Note Purchase Agreement, the Company s management has agreed to defer 20% of earned compensation and the Board of Directors
has authorized a change in director compensation to defer 50% of the directors  cash compensation until at least $5,000,000
has been received in cumulative funding from non-current stockholders.  

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability
and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of
the Company to continue as a going concern.  

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

We
have prepared the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. The information furnished herein reflects all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals and
adjustments) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly present the operating results for the respective periods.
Certain information and footnote disclosures normally present in the annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.
These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes
for the year ended December 31, 2015. The results of the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016.  

Basis
of Presentation    

The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included activities of the Company and have been prepared
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).  

Use
of Estimates    

The
preparation of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make
certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period.
Significant estimates include warrants and income tax valuation allowances. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments    

The
Company s consolidated financial instruments are accounts payable and notes payable. The recorded values of accounts payable
approximate their values based on their short-term nature. Notes payable are recorded at their issue value or if warrants are
attached at their issue value less the value of the warrant.  

The
Company defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit
price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy is based on three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value,
of which the first two are considered observable and the last is considered unobservable:  

Level
1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level
2: Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities;
quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  

Level
3 assumptions: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value
of the assets or liabilities including liabilities resulting from embedded derivatives associated with certain warrants to purchase
common stock.  

Property
and Equipment    

Property
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the related assets, ranging from three to seven years. Expenditures for additions and improvements are capitalized, while repairs
and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of property and equipment sold or
otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is recorded in the year of disposal.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets    

The
long-lived assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment no less frequently than annually or whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In the event that facts and
circumstances indicate that the cost of any long-lived assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed. Management
has determined that there was no impairment in the value of long-lived assets during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016.  

Research
and Development Costs    

Research
and development costs include, but are not limited to, patents and license expenses, payroll and other personnel expenses, consultants,
expenses incurred under agreements with contract research and manufacturing organizations and animal clinical investigative sites
and the cost to manufacture clinical trial materials. Costs related to research, design and development of products are charged
to research and development expense as incurred.       

Patents
and Licenses    

In
March 2006, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement ( Exclusive License Agreement ), with UCLA for
the worldwide application of the NELL-1 protein through a technology transfer. See Note 5 for commitments related to the Exclusive
License Agreement. Patent expenses include costs to acquire the license of Nell-1, which was de minimis, and costs to file patent
applications related to NELL-1.  

The
Company expenses the costs incurred to file patent applications, all costs related to abandoned patent applications and maintenance
costs, and these costs are included in research and development expenses. Costs associated with licenses acquired to be able to
use products from third parties prior to receipt of regulatory approval to market the related products are also expensed. The
Company s licensed technologies may have alternative future uses in that they are enabling (or platform) technologies that
can be the basis for multiple products that would each target a specific indication. Costs of acquisition of licenses are expensed.  

Prepaid
expenses   related party    

Prepaid
expenses   related party represent the fair value of warrants issued to AFH Holding   Advisory, LLC ( AFH ),
a shareholder, for services pursuant to certain letter agreement dated May 4, 2014 (Note 5). Prepaid costs will be amortized as
the required services are performed. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 prepaid expenses   related party totaled
$300,838 and 339,931, respectively.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk and Other Risks and Uncertainties    

Cash
balances are maintained at financial institutions and, at times, balances may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has
never experienced any losses related to these balances. Federal insurance coverage is $250,000 per depositor at each financial
institution. A substantial majority of the Company s cash balances exceed federally insured limits.  

Debt
Issuance Costs    

Debt
issuance costs represent costs incurred in connection with the issuance of the convertible notes payable and private equity financing.
Debt issuance costs related to the issuance of debt are being amortized over the term of the financing instrument using the effective
interest method, while debt issuance costs from equity financings are netted against the gross proceeds received from the equity
financings.  

Stock
Based Compensation    

ASC
718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation , prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment
transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue
shares, options, and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based
payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the consolidated
financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required
to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).  

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC
505-50,  Equity   based Payments to Non-Employees . Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees
is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments
issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance
completion date.  

Income
Taxes    

Income
taxes are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the consolidated financial statements and consist of taxes
currently due and deferred taxes resulting from timing differences in recording of transactions for tax purposes and financial
reporting purposes.  

The
deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences, which will either be taxable
or deductible when the assets and liabilities are received or settled. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to
reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be realized.  

The
accounting provisions related to uncertain income tax positions require the Company to determine whether any tax position in all
open years meets a more likely than not threshold of being sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority. The
Company did not have any changes to its liability for uncertain tax positions as at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

The
Company s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. No such
amounts are accrued as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Loss
per Common Share    

The
Company utilizes FASB ASC Topic No. 260,  Earnings per Share . Basic loss per share is computed by dividing loss available
to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted loss per share is computed similar
to basic loss per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would
have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Diluted
loss per common share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if convertible debentures, options and warrants were to
be exercised or converted or otherwise resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the entity.  

Since
the effects of outstanding options, warrants, and the conversion of convertible debt are anti-dilutive in all periods presented,
shares of common stock underlying these instruments have been excluded from the computation of loss per common share.  

The
following sets forth the number of shares of common stock underlying outstanding options, warrants, and convertible debt as of
September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

New
Accounting Standards    

The
Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet adopted, accounting standards in order to determine their effects, if any,
on its results of operation, financial position or cash flows. Based on that review, the Company believes that none of these pronouncements
will have a significant effect on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
September 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting for Share-Based
Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period. 
 This ASU provides more explicit guidance for treating share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target
that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period as a performance condition. The new guidance
is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this guidance to did
not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-3,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30),   related to the
presentation of debt issuance costs. This standard will require debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to
be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability rather than as an asset. These costs will continue
to be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and
for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, and retrospective adoption is required. The
standard was retrospectively adopted by the Company on January 1, 2016. As a result, $533,343 of debt issuance costs at December
31, 2015, were reclassified from other assets to long-term debt.  

In
June 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance under ASU 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . ASU 2016-09 provides for simplification of several aspects of the accounting for
share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
and classification on the statement of cash flows. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company has elected early adoption of this guidance as of January 1,
2016 and the adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance under ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification
of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts
and cash payments are presented and classified in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows by providing guidance on eight specific
cash flow issues. ASU 2016-15 is effective retrospectively on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We have not yet
determined the effect of the ASU on our Consolidated Financial Statements nor have we selected a transition date.  

3.
Property and Equipment   

Property
and equipment consist of the following at:  

Depreciation
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $660 and $1,712, respectively.     During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a loss on disposal of assets of $4,862.  

4.
Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses   

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses consist of the following:  

5.
Commitments and Contingencies   

Letter
Agreement    

In
August 2012, Bone Biologics, Inc., along with its then majority owner and debt holder, Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation ( MTF ),
entered into a letter agreement (the  AFH/MTF Agreement ) with AFH to consummate a business combination through a
share exchange, reverse merger, or other similar transactions resulting in the Company becoming a public entity (the  Transaction ).
In August 2013, the AFH/MTF Agreement was amended and restated, and on May 7, 2014, the AFH/MTF Agreement was again amended and
restated. Among other things, the Amended and Restated letter agreement dated May 7, 2014 (the  Amended AFH/MTF Agreement )
provides that AFH will use its best efforts to assist the Company in procuring an investment bank to facilitate a financing of
between $8 - 10 million ( PIPE Offering ).  

Pursuant
to the AFH/MTF Agreement, among other things, the Company agreed that in consideration of the advisory work provided and to be
provided to the Company by AFH both before and following the Reverse Merger of the Company, AFH Advisory and its affiliated entities,
individuals or assignees (collectively the  AFH Group ) will be entitled to 10% of the issued and outstanding shares
of common stock of the Company after giving effect to the PIPE Offering.  

UCLA
Exclusive License Agreement    

On
March 15, 2006, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement (the  Initial Agreement ) with the Regents
of the University of California Los Angeles ( UCLA ). The Initial Agreement has been amended through ten sets of amendments
(as so amended, the  The UCLA License Agreement ).  

The
UCLA License Agreement provides us with an exclusive license to several of UCLA patents covering, among other things, enhanced
NELL-1 bone mineralization. The grant of the UCLA License Agreement is subject to any license obligations to the U.S. government,
and the term of the license lasts until the last-to-expire UCLA patent licensed under the UCLA License Agreement expires. Under
the UCLA License Agreement, we are permitted to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and import any products covered by
the UCLA License Agreement patents in a certain Field of Use which is currently defined as special function by local administration
and expressly excludes osteoporosis and cartilage indications or systemic administration in all indications. Pursuant to a Tenth
Amendment, we have been granted the exclusive right to negotiate an expansion of the Field of Use to include treatment of osteoporosis
(the  Option ). The term of the Option is for one year commencing June 1, 2016. We may exercise the option by providing
notice after completion of certain milestones. Upon exercise of the Option, we and UCLA will negotiate in good faith the terms
of an agreement. After December 22, 2016, we may notify UCLA of our interest in requesting an expansion of the Field of Use to
include additional available indications, including cartilage indications or systemic administration in the Field of Use. The
parties will engage in good faith discussions of such requests.  

We
have agreed to pay an annual maintenance fee to UCLA of $10,000 as well as to pay certain royalties to UCLA under the UCLA License
Agreement at the rate of 3.0% of net sales of licensed products. We must pay the royalties to UCLA on a quarterly basis. Upon
a first commercial sale, we also must pay between $50,000 and $250,000, depending on the calendar year that is after the first
commercial sale. If we are required to pay any third party any royalties as a result of us making use of UCLA patents, then we
may reduce the royalty owed to UCLA by 0.333% for every percentage point paid to a third party. If we grant sublicense rights
to a third party to use the UCLA patent, then we will pay to UCLA 10% to 20% of the sublicensing income we receive from such sublicense.  

We
are obligated to make the following milestone payments to UCLA for each Licensed Product or Licensed Method:  

We
are also obligated to pay UCLA a cash milestone payment within thirty (30) days of a Liquidity Event (including a Change of Control
Transaction and a payment election by UCLA exercisable after December 22, 2016, such payment to equal the greater of:  

We
are obligated to diligently proceed with developing and commercializing licensed products under UCLA patents set forth in the
UCLA License Agreement. UCLA has the right to either terminate the license or reduce the license to a non-exclusive license if
we do not meet certain diligence milestone deadlines set forth in the UCLA License Agreement.  

We
must reimburse or pre-pay UCLA for patent prosecution and maintenance costs incurred during the term of the UCLA License Agreement.
We have the right to bring infringement actions against third party infringers of the UCLA License Agreement, UCLA may join voluntarily,
at its own expense, or, at our expense, be joined involuntarily to the action. We are required to indemnify UCLA against any third
party claims arising out of our exercise of the rights under the UCLA License Agreement or any sublicense.  

Contingencies    

The
Company is subject to claims and assessments from time to time in the ordinary course of business. The Company s management
does not believe that any such matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  

Indemnification    

In
the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and
warranties and provide for general indemnifications. The Company s exposure under these agreements is unknown because it
involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future, but have not yet been made. To date, the Company has not paid
any claims or been required to defend any action related to its indemnification obligations. However, the Company may record charges
in the future as a result of these indemnification obligations.  

In
accordance with its amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, the Company has indemnification
obligations to its officers and directors for certain events or occurrences, subject to certain limits, while they are serving
at the Company s request in such capacity. There have been no claims to date and the Company has a director and officer
insurance policy that enables it to recover a portion of any amounts paid for future potential claims.  

6.
Notes Payable   

Convertible
Notes Payable    

The
convertible promissory notes are considered hybrid instruments, which consist of a debt host instrument together with a conversion
feature, thus giving the holder of a convertible note an option to convert into an equity instrument providing the holder a residual
interest in the Company. The holder of a convertible promissory note also has the option to present its convertible promissory
note to the Company and demand payment under the terms of the note after the maturity date or upon the occurrence of certain events
such as the failure of the Company to make a payment on the note when due, bankruptcy or certain other liquidation events. The
Company concluded that the convertible promissory notes would be accounted for as a typical debt instrument with related interest
expense recorded in the Company s statements of operations. The Company concluded that there is no beneficial conversion
feature as of the date of issuance of the convertible notes.  

First
Secured Convertible Note and Warrant    

On
October 24, 2014, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of $5,000,000 to Hankey Capital, LLC ( Hankey
Capital ). The Convertible Note matures on October 24, 2017 and bears interest at an annual rate of interest of the  prime
rate  plus 4.0%, with a minimum rate of 8.5% per annum until maturity, with interest payable monthly in arrears. Prior to
the Maturity Date, Hankey Capital has a right, in its sole discretion, to convert the Convertible Note into shares of the Company s
Common Stock, at a conversion rate equal to the greater of (i) $1.58 per share or (ii) 70% of the average daily price for the
Common Stock as measured over the course of the 60 day period prior to the conversion.  

The
Convertible Note is secured by certain collateral shares of Common Stock issued by the Company in the name of Hankey Capital,
in such amount so as to maintain a loan to value ratio of no greater than 50% (the  Collateral ). 6,329,114 shares
were issued upon closing the lending. The number of shares in the Collateral shall be adjusted on a yearly basis. The shares representing
the Collateral contain a restrictive legend. The Company shall seek to register the Collateral shares initially delivered on the
date of the Convertible Note pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement described below. Upon the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement, the Company will remove the restrictive legends from the Collateral shares so long as Hankey Capital agrees in any
event not to sell any Collateral shares if Hankey Capital is notified that the Registration Statement is no longer effective.
Hankey Capital may hold the Collateral in any brokerage account of its choosing, but shall not transfer, sell or otherwise dispose
of any Collateral, except during the existence of an Event of Default, as defined in the Convertible Note. The Convertible Note
is further secured by collateral assignments of all the Company s license agreements. The principal amount of the loan is
pre-payable in whole or in part at any time, without premium or penalty. Upon any voluntary partial prepayment of outstanding
principal, Hankey Capital will return Collateral shares to the Company in the amount necessary, if any, to maintain the loan to
value ratio at no less than 50%. Upon a full payment of the outstanding principal, all Collateral shares shall be returned return
and cancelled. Hankey Capital will also return Collateral shares under the same terms in case of partial or full conversion of
the Convertible Note. The Company paid a commitment fee in the amount of 3.0% of the original principal amount of the loan ($150,000)
to Hankey Capital. On October 24, 2014, the Company also issued a warrant to Hankey Capital for 3,955,697 shares of Common Stock
at an exercise price per share of $1.58. The Warrant was amended as of February 10, 2016 to extend the expiration date to October
24, 2019. The Note and Warrant contain provisions limiting the exercise/conversion thereof.  

Second
Secured Convertible Note and Warrant    

On
May 4, 2015, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of $2,000,000 to Hankey Capital. The 2nd Convertible
Note matures on May 4, 2018 and bears interest at an annual rate of interest of the  prime rate  plus 4.0%, with a
minimum rate of 8.5% per annum until maturity, with interest payable monthly in arrears. Prior to the Maturity Date, Hankey Capital
has a right, in its sole discretion, to convert the Convertible Note into shares of the Company s Common Stock, at a conversion
rate equal to the greater of (i) $1.58 per share or (ii) 70% of the average daily price for the Common Stock as measured over
the course of the 60 day period prior to the conversion. The Convertible Note is secured by certain collateral shares of Common
Stock issued by the Company in the name of Hankey Capital, in such amount so as to maintain a loan to value ratio of no greater
than 50%. The number of shares in the Collateral shall be adjusted on a yearly basis. The Convertible Note is further secured
by collateral assignments of all the Company s license agreements. The principal amount of the loan is pre-payable in whole
or in part at any time, without premium or penalty. Upon any voluntary partial prepayment of outstanding principal, Hankey Capital
shall return Collateral shares to the Company in the amount necessary, if any, to maintain the loan to value ratio at no less
than 50%. Upon a full payment of the outstanding principal, all the collateral shares shall be returned return and cancelled.
Hankey Capital shall also return the collateral shares under the same terms in case of partial or full conversion of the Convertible
Note. In connection with the Convertible Note, on May 4, 2015 the Company issued 2,531,646 common shares as collateral. The Company
paid a commitment fee in the amount of $60,000 (3% of the original principal amount of the loan) to Hankey Capital. On May 4,
2015, the Company also issued a warrant to Hankey Capital for 1,898,734 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price per share
of $1.58. The Warrant was amended as of February 10, 2016 to extend the expiration date to May 4, 2020. The Note and Warrant contain
provisions limiting the exercise/conversion thereof.  

Third
Convertible Secured Term Note and Warrant    

On
February 24, 2016, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of $2,000,000 to Hankey Capital. The Convertible
Note matures on February 23, 2019 (the  Maturity Date ) and bears interest at an annual rate of interest at the  prime
rate  (as quoted in the  Money Rates  section of The Wall Street Journal) plus 4.0%, with a minimum rate of
8.5% per annum until maturity, with interest payable monthly in arrears. Prior to the Maturity Date, Hankey Capital has a right,
in its sole discretion, to convert the Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common stock (the  Conversion
Shares ), at a conversion rate equal to $1.58 per share. The Convertible Note is secured by certain collateral shares of
Common Stock issued by the Company in the name of Hankey Capital, in such amount so as to maintain a loan to value ratio of no
greater than 50%. The number of Collateral Shares will be adjusted on a yearly basis. The Convertible Note is further secured
by all of the Company s personal property, including collateral assignments of all the Company s license agreements
and the Option Agreement. The principal amount of the loan is prepayable in whole or in part at any time, without premium or penalty.
Upon any voluntary partial prepayment of outstanding principal, Hankey Capital will return Collateral Shares to the Company in
the amount necessary, if any, to maintain the loan to value ratio at no less than 50%. Upon a full payment of the outstanding
principal, all Collateral Shares will be returned and cancelled. Hankey Capital will also return Collateral Shares under the same
terms in case of partial or full conversion of the Convertible Note. In connection with the Convertible Note, on February 24,
2016 the Company issued 2,531,646 common shares as collateral, paid a commitment fee in the amount of $40,000 (2% of the original
principal amount of the Loan) and a warrant to Hankey Capital for 1,463,415 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price per share
of $2.05. The Warrant will expire on February 23, 2021. The Note and Warrant contain provisions limiting the exercise/conversion
thereof.  

In
connection with the financing with Hankey Capital, Hankey Capital exercised warrants to purchase an aggregate of 791,139 shares
resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $1,250,000, and the parties agreed to extend the maturity date of the first two
convertible secured notes to December 31, 2019 and fix the conversion rate to $1.58. The Company also agreed to extend the term
of all outstanding warrants to five years from issuance.  

The
total debt discount costs related to our outstanding debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was $657,159
and $449,209, respectively. These costs were amortized to interest expense. The unamortized debt discount at September 30, 2016
was $2,609,214. The cost is expected to be recognized over a period of 3.25 years. The unamortized debt discount at December 31,
2015 was $1,383,905.  

The
total debt issuance costs related to our outstanding debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was $223,990
and $599,781, respectively. These costs were amortized to interest expense. The unamortized debt issuance costs at September 30,
2016 was $426,884. The cost is expected to be recognized over a period of 3.25 years. The unamortized debt issuance costs at December
31, 2015 was $533,343.  

7.
Stockholders  Equity   

Preferred
Stock    

The
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the Company to issue a total of 20,000,000 shares
of preferred stock. No shares have been issued.  

Common
Stock    

The
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the Company to issue a total of 100,000,000 shares
of common stock. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had an aggregate of 38,828,607 shares and 32,211,956
shares of common stock outstanding, respectively.  

In
connection with the Secured Convertible Notes to Hankey Capital, the Company issued 11,392,406 common shares as collateral. (See
Note 6)  

Each
share of common stock has the right to one vote. The holders of common stock are also entitled to receive dividends whenever funds
are legally available and when declared by the Board of Directors, subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock
outstanding having priority rights as to dividends. No dividends have been declared by the Board.  

Common
Stock Warrants    

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding unexercised Common Stock Warrants as follows:  

An
aggregate of 791,139 common stock warrants were exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. No common stock warrants
expired during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. No common stock warrants were exercised or expired during the nine months
ended September 30, 2015.  

8.
Stock-based Compensation   

2015
Equity Incentive Plan    

The
Company has 14,000,000 shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan for option
awards. This reserve may be increased by the Board each year by up to the number of shares of stock equal to 5% of the number
of shares of stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31. Appropriate adjustments will be made in the
number of authorized shares and other numerical limits in our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan and in outstanding awards to prevent
dilution or enlargement of participants  rights in the event of a stock split or other change in our capital structure.
Shares subject to awards granted under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan which expire, are repurchased or are cancelled or forfeited
will again become available for issuance under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. The shares available will not be reduced by awards
settled in cash. Shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations will not again become available for grant. The gross number
of shares issued upon the exercise of stock appreciation rights or options exercised by means of a net exercise or by tender of
previously owned shares will be deducted from the shares available under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.  

Awards
may be granted under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan to our employees, including officers, director or consultants, and our present
or future affiliated entities. While we may grant incentive stock options only to employees, we may grant non-statutory stock
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock purchase rights or bonuses, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance
units and cash-based awards or other stock based awards to any eligible participant.  

The
2015 Equity Incentive Plan will be administered by our compensation committee. Subject to the provisions of our 2015 Equity Incentive
Plan, the compensation committee determines, in its discretion, the persons to whom, and the times at which, awards are granted,
as well as the size, terms and conditions of each award. All awards are evidenced by a written agreement between us and the holder
of the award. The compensation committee has the authority to construe and interpret the terms of our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
and awards granted under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had stock-based compensation expenses of $1,939,157 and $137,412,
respectively, related to issuances to the Company s employees and directors, included in our reported net loss. During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had stock-based compensation expenses of $2,874,147 and $-0-, respectively,
related to issuances to consultants.  

A
summary of stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is presented below:  

The
aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value ( i.e. , the difference between
our closing stock price on the respective date and the exercise price, times the number of shares) that would have been received
by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options. There have not been any options exercised during either
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

There
were 6,361,841 and 3,421,787 options issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Vesting of
options differs based on the terms of each option. The Company has valued the options at their date of grant utilizing the Black-Scholes
option pricing model. As of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements, there was not an active public market for
the Company s shares. Accordingly, the fair value of the underlying options was determined based on the historical volatility
data of similar companies, considering the industry, products and market capitalization of such other entities. The risk-free
interest rate used in the calculations is based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury issues with an equivalent term
approximating the expected life of the options as calculated using the simplified method. The expected life of the options used
was based on the contractual life of the option granted. Stock-based compensation is a non-cash expense because we settle these
obligations by issuing shares of our common stock from our authorized shares instead of settling such obligations with cash payments.  

The
Company utilized the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The assumptions used for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are
as follows:  

A summary of the changes in the Company s non-vested options
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is as follows: 

As
of September 30, 2016, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options was $11,106,713. The cost is expected
to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.95 years.  

9.
Income Taxes   

The
Company s effective tax rate is 0% for income tax for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the Company expects that
its effective tax rate for the full year 2016 will be 0%. Based on the weight of available evidence, including cumulative losses
since inception and expected future losses, the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset
amount will not be realized and therefore a valuation allowance has been provided on net deferred tax assets.  

The
Company files tax returns for U.S. Federal and the states of New Jersey and California. The Company is not currently subject to
any income tax examinations. Since the Company s inception, the Company had incurred losses from operations, which generally
allows all tax years to remain open.  

Uncertain
Tax Positions     

The
Company recognizes the financial statement effects of a tax position when it becomes more likely than not, based upon the technical
merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination.  

The
Company recognizes interest and/or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. To the extent accrued interest and penalties
do not ultimately become payable, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected in the period that such determination is made.
The interest and penalties are recognized as other expense and not tax expense. The Company currently has no interest and penalties
related to uncertain tax positions.  

10.
Related Party Transactions   

AFH
Holding   Advisory LLC    

The
Company and MTF entered into a letter agreement with AFH Holdings   Advisory, LLC ( AFH ) dated May 7, 2014 (the
 AFH/MTF Agreement ). Amir Heshmatpour is the controlling party of AFH and an affiliate and board observer of the
Company. The AFH Agreement contemplated among other things (a) the sale of Notes in the principal amount of $50,000 and warrants
to purchase common stock, and (b) certain assistance to be provided by AFH in connection with the Merger, the subsequent quotation
of the Company s common stock, procuring private funding and a possible initial public offering. In consideration of AFH s
advisory services, the Company granted to AFH certain anti-dilution protection arising from future issuances of the Company s
common stock. The Company granted to each of AFH and MTF the right to appoint three members of the Board and to the original founding
scientists and then minority shareholders the right to appoint one member with each of MTF and AFH having the right to appoint
one individual with observer status with respect to the Board. The Company also granted to AFH the right to act as advisor to
the Company on all financings for a period of two years. The AFH/MTF Agreement also granted to AFH and MTF restricted shares equal
to 2.5% of the fully diluted shares of the Company (the  Milestone Shares ) at the time of completion of certain milestone
targets. The milestone targets were not met and pursuant to separate side letter agreements dated August 11, 2015, the Company
agreed to issue to each of AFH and MTF 867,163 shares in exchange for forfeiture of any claims to receive any Milestone Shares.  

On
October 28, 2015, the Company agreed (i) to issue to AFH 915,614 shares of common stock of the Company and warrants to purchase
158,229 shares of common stock and (ii) to make a payment of $275,000. The warrants have an exercise price of $1.58. The shares
and warrants were issued and the payment was made to AFH as payment for advisory services rendered to the Company.  

Pursuant
to a letter agreement dated February 10, 2016, the Company agreed to issue a total of 1,260,255 shares of common stock of the
Company to AFH. The Letter Agreement was entered into in connection with the AFH/MTF Agreement under which AFH and its affiliated
entities, individuals or assignees ( AFH Group ) were entitled to 10% of the outstanding shares of common stock of
the Company on a fully diluted basis (the  Share Adjustment ) after giving effect to an anticipated private placement
of between $8,000,000 and $10,000,000 (the  PIPE ). In the Letter Agreement, the Company recognized that, at the time
the AFH/MTF Agreement was entered into, it was not anticipated that certain events in addition to the PIPE would dilute directly
or indirectly the interest of AFH Group as stockholders of the Company, including the Ninth Amendment to the UCLA License Agreement
and the issuance of the Company s Common Shares pursuant to the Professional Services Agreement with each of Dr. Chia Soo,
Dr. Ben Wu, and Dr. Eric Ting discussed below. Accordingly, the Company agreed to issue the 1,260,255 shares in connection with
the Share Adjustment.  

On
April 7, 2016, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with AFH pursuant to which the Company engaged AFH for an initial
term of three months to provide certain consulting services to the Company effective April 5, 2016. Under the consulting agreement,
AFH received an up-front retainer of $100,000 and $33,333.33 per month for three months.  

On
June 1, 2016, the Company agreed (i) to issue to AFH 20,186 shares of common stock of the Company as an adjustment to the October
28, 2015 invoice and (ii) ) to issue 23,173 shares of common stock of the Company as an adjustment to the letter agreement dated
February 10, 2016.  

In
addition to the shares and warrants issued for services, AFH received cash totaling $491,666 for services during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016.  

Amir
Heshmatpour is the controlling party of AFH and an affiliate and board observer of the Company.  

Musculoskeletal
Transplant Foundation (MTF)    

On
August 11, 2015 the Company entered into the Letter Agreement, by and between, Bone Biologics Corporation and MTF to amend the
Side Letter Agreement, dated September 7, 2014 (the  Letter Agreement ), by and among Bone Biologics Corporation (formerly
known as Bone Biologics, Inc., the  Company ), Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation ( MTF ) and AFH.
Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, AFH and MTF are each entitled to receive shares of the Company equal to and not to exceed 2.5%
of the fully diluted shares of the Company at the time of the completion of the Milestone Targets ( Milestone Shares ).
The Milestone Targets have not been reached, and in consideration for the support and cooperation of MTF in trying to reach the
Milestone Targets and the closing of certain financings, including the conversion of debt by MTF in order to facilitate certain
financings, the Company hereby authorizes the issuance of Company Common Shares to MTF in the amount of 2.5% of the fully diluted
shares, Eight Hundred Ninety Seven Thousand One Hundred Ninety-Three (867,163) Common Shares, of the Company as of the date hereof.
The Company recognized $1,370,118 as general and administrative expense.  

On
February 22, 2016, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with MTF, pursuant to which MTF purchased from the Company
an aggregate of 731,707 shares of common stock of the Company at a price per share equal to $2.05.  

On
February 24, 2016 the Company entered into an Option Agreement for the Distribution and Supply of Sygnal  demineralized
bone matrix ( Sygnal ) with MTF pursuant to which:  

a.  
      MTF
    grants to the Company the exclusive right and option (the  Option ) to distribute Sygnal upon the critical terms
    as described in the Option Agreement (the  Option Rights ). The Company will exercise the Option, if at all, by
    providing written notice to MTF of its intent to do so. During the term of the Option, MTF will not enter into any agreements
    with any third parties which include the transfer by MTF of the Option Rights.   

b.  
      Upon
    the exercising of the Option, the Company will grant to MTF 700,000 shares of common stock in the Company.   

c.  
      Within
    30 days of exercising the Option, MTF will provide the Company with a written proposal of a Definitive Agreement that includes,
    inter alia, the Critical Terms and those other commercially reasonable terms as agreed upon by the parties. The parties will
    fully negotiate in good faith all of the terms of the Definitive Agreement, and any ancillary agreements thereto consistent
    with the Critical Terms.   

d.  
      In
    the event the Company does not exercise the Option within the Term of the Option Agreement, MTF will be free to enter into
    any other agreement relating to the Option Rights as it deems appropriate without liability to the Company.   

Sygnal
is a bone void filler contouring allograft bone that has the inorganic mineral removed, leaving behind the organic  collagen 
matrix.  

On
June 24, 2016, the Company exercised this option. As provided in the Option Agreement, the Company issued 700,000 shares of its
restricted common stock in connection with the exercise of the Option. Additionally, within 30 days of exercising the Option,
MTF will provide the Company with a written proposal of a Definitive Agreement that includes,  inter alia , certain Critical
Terms described in the Agreement and those other commercially reasonable terms as agreed upon by the parties. The parties will
fully negotiate in good faith all of the terms of the Definitive Agreement and any ancillary agreements thereto consistent with
the Critical Terms. The Company has expensed the cost of this license, $1,435,000, as research and development in the current
period.  

Bruce
Stroever, our Chairman of the Board, is the President and Chief Executive Officer of MTF.  

Founders    

The
Company entered into a Letter Agreement effective October 2, 2015, with each of Dr. Chia Soo (who currently serves as a director
of the Company and is a director nominee), Dr. Eric Kang Ting and Dr. Ben Wu (who currently serves as a director of the Company
and is a director nominee) (collectively, the  Founders ). The Founders were three of the original shareholders of
the Company. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, the Founders agrees to deliver to the Company all past work product and past data
related to NELL-1 (the  Data ) for use by the Company in its sole discretion, within the applicable licensing rights
granted under the UCLA license and in exchange the Company agreed to the future issuance of an aggregate of 1,153,846 shares of
the Company s common stock. The Shares are to be equally distributed between the Founders upon the earlier of (i) the third
anniversary of the Agreement and (ii) the occurrence of a Liquidity Event (as defined in the Letter Agreement). The Letter Agreement
also provides the Shares with certain piggyback registration rights upon the occurrence of an equity financing by the Company.
The Letter Agreement related to past work product and past data and therefore will be expensed as research and development costs
upon the effective date and recorded a liability to issue shares. The Letter Agreement related to past work product and past data
and therefore was expensed as research and development costs in 2015 and recorded as shares to be issued.  

Founders
Professional Services Agreement    

Effective
January 8, 2016, the Company entered into separate Professional Services Agreements with each of the Founders. Pursuant to each
of the Agreements, each Founder has agreed to provide certain services to the Company, including providing strategic advice and
strategic introductions to the Company s management team as well as specific services set forth on an Exhibit to each Agreement.
The Agreements are substantially identical. In consideration for the services to be rendered under the applicable Agreement, each
Founder is granted 10-year stock options (the  Options ) to purchase 1,800,364 shares of the Company s common
stock corresponding to 4% of the Company s outstanding common stock, on a fully diluted basis, at an exercise price of $1.59
per share. The shares subject to the Options will vest 25% on each of the first, second and third anniversary of the effective
date and 12.5% on each of the fourth and fifth anniversary of the effective date. The options fully vest on a change of control
of the Company, if the Company terminates the Agreement without cause or the Founder terminates the Agreement with cause. Additionally,
beginning January 1, 2017, the Company will pay each Founder an annual consulting fee of $200,000 in cash or, at the option of
the Company, in shares of its common stock valued as provided in the Agreement.  

On
June 1, 2016, the Company agreed to issue to each Founder a 10-year stock options to purchase 33,105 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of $2.05 per share as an adjustment to the Professional Services Agreements with each of the
Founders dated January 8, 2016.  

Dr.
Soo and Dr. Wu are directors of the Company, and Dr. Ting is on the Company s Scientific Advisory Board. Each of the Advisors
were involved in the founding of the Company.  

11.
Subsequent Events   

On
October 14, 2016, pursuant to a Note Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to each of The Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation
( MTF ) and Hankey Capital, LLC ( Hankey Capital ) a convertible promissory note in the amount of $600,000
(each a  Convertible Note ). The Convertible Note matures on December 31, 2016 (the  Maturity Date ) and
bears interest at an annual rate of interest of 8.5% per annum until maturity. Prior to the Maturity Date, each of MTF and Hankey
Capital has a right, in its sole discretion, to convert their Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common stock
(the  Conversion Shares ), at a conversion rate equal to $1.00 per share. In the event of a financing resulting in
gross proceeds of at least $5,000,000, the holders of the Convertible Notes will be required to convert their Convertible Notes
into the same securities issued in such financing at the same price per share. Also, if the Convertible Notes are not paid by
the Maturity Date, they will be automatically converted in shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of $1.00 per share. The
Convertible Notes are secured by all of the Company s assets. The Company has granted piggyback registration rights with
respect to the Conversion Shares.  

Pursuant
to the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company may only use the proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Notes to focus on prioritizing
operations on essential research and development activities. In connection with the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company s
management has agreed to defer 20% of earned compensation until at least $5,000,000 has been received in cumulative funding from
non-current stockholders.  

The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through November 11, 2016, the date which the consolidated financial statements were available
to be issued. There were no additional subsequent events noted that would require adjustment to or disclosure in these consolidated
financial statements.  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis.   

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the
condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and
audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the related notes included in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, with the SEC on March 28, 2016. This discussion
contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. See  Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these
statements. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements
as a result of many factors.   

Overview   

We
are a biotechnology company that is currently focused on bone regeneration in spinal fusion using the recombinant human protein,
known as NELL-1/DBX . The NELL-1/DBX  combination product is an osteostimulative recombinant protein that provides target
specific control over bone regeneration. The protein, as part of the UCB-1 technology platform has been licensed exclusively for
worldwide applications to us through a technology transfer from UCLA. UCLA and the Company received guidance from the FDA that
NELL-1/DBX  will be classified as a combination product with a device lead.  

We
are a development stage entity. The production and marketing of our products and ongoing research and development activities will
be subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the United States. Prior to marketing in the United
States, any combination product developed by us must undergo rigorous preclinical (animal) and clinical (human) testing and an
extensive regulatory approval process implemented by the FDA under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. There can be no assurance
that we will not encounter problems in clinical trials that will cause us or the FDA to delay or suspend the clinical trial.  

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain patents and product license rights, maintain trade secrets, and operate without
infringing on the proprietary rights of others, both in the United States and other countries. There can be no assurance that
patents issued to or licensed by us will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or that the rights granted thereunder
will provide proprietary protection or competitive advantages to us.  

UCLA
Exclusive License Agreement    

On
March 15, 2006, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement (the  Initial Agreement ) with the Regents
of the University of California Los Angeles ( UCLA ). The Initial Agreement has been amended through ten sets of amendments
(as so amended, the  The UCLA License Agreement ).  

The
UCLA License Agreement provides us with an exclusive license to several of UCLA patents covering, among other things, enhanced
NELL-1 bone mineralization. The grant of the UCLA License Agreement is subject to any license obligations to the U.S. government,
and the term of the license lasts until the last-to-expire UCLA patent licensed under the UCLA License Agreement expires. Under
the UCLA License Agreement, we are permitted to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and import any products covered by
the UCLA License Agreement patents in a certain Field of Use which is currently defined as special function by local administration
and expressly excludes osteoporosis and cartilage indications or systemic administration in all indications. Pursuant to a Tenth
Amendment, we have been granted the exclusive right to negotiate an expansion of the Field of Use to include treatment of osteoporosis
(the  Option ). The term of the Option is for one year commencing June 1, 2016. We may exercise the option by providing
notice after completion of certain milestones. Upon exercise of the Option, we and UCLA will negotiate in good faith the terms
of an agreement. After December 22, 2016, we may notify UCLA of our interest in requesting an expansion of the Field of Use to
include additional available indications, including cartilage indications or systemic administration in the Field of Use. The
parties will engage in good faith discussions of such requests.  

We
have agreed to pay an annual maintenance fee to UCLA of $10,000 as well as to pay certain royalties to UCLA under the UCLA License
Agreement at the rate of 3.0% of net sales of licensed products. We must pay the royalties to UCLA on a quarterly basis. Upon
a first commercial sale, we also must pay between $50,000 and $250,000, depending on the calendar year which is after the first
commercial sale. If we are required to pay any third party any royalties as a result of us making use of UCLA patents, then we
may reduce the royalty owed to UCLA by 0.333% for every percentage point paid to a third party. If we grant sublicense rights
to a third party to use the UCLA patent, then we will pay to UCLA 10% to 20% of the sublicensing income we receive from such sublicense.  

We
are obligated to make the following milestone payments to UCLA for each Licensed Product or Licensed Method:  

We
are also obligated to pay UCLA a cash milestone payment within thirty (30) days of a Liquidity Event (including a Change of Control
Transaction and a payment election by UCLA exercisable after December 22, 2016, such payment to equal the greater of:  

We
are obligated to diligently proceed with developing and commercializing licensed products under UCLA patents set forth in the
UCLA License Agreement. UCLA has the right to either terminate the license or reduce the license to a non-exclusive license if
we do not meet certain diligence milestone deadlines set forth in the UCLA License Agreement.  

We
must reimburse or pre-pay UCLA for patent prosecution and maintenance costs incurred during the term of the UCLA License Agreement.
We have the right to bring infringement actions against third party infringers of the UCLA License Agreement, UCLA may join voluntarily,
at its own expense, or, at our expense, be joined involuntarily to the action. We are required to indemnify UCLA against any third
party claims arising out of our exercise of the rights under the UCLA License Agreement or any sublicense.  

Results
of Operations    

Since
our inception, we devoted substantially all of our efforts and funding to the development of the NELL-1 protein and raising capital.
We have not yet generated revenues from our planned operations.  

Three
Months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the Three Months ended September 30, 2015    

Research
and Development   

Our
research and development expenses increased from $302,662 during the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $2,473,433 during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. The $2,170,771 increase was primarily due to options issued to research and development
consultants, expense of our Sygnal license of $1,435,000 and increases in patent costs and development activities for our lead
product NELL-1. We will continue to incur significant expenses for development activities for NELL-1.  

General
and Administrative   

Our
general and administrative expenses decreased from $2,665,788 during the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $1,383,982 during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. The $1,281,806 decrease was primarily due to the issuance of shares in 2015 pursuance
to the MTF Revised Milestone Side Letter Agreement totaling $1,370,118.  

Interest
Expense   

Our
net interest expense increased from $387,332 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $513,846 during the three months
ended September 30, 2016. The increase in interest of $126,514 was related to our new loan in February 2016.  

Nine
Months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the Nine Months ended September 30, 2015    

Research
and Development   

Our
research and development expenses increased from $665,241 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $9,470,369 during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The $8,805,128 increase was primarily due to options issued to research and development
consultants of $4,512,033, expense of our Sygnal license of $1,435,000 and increases in patent costs and development activities
for our lead product NELL-1. We will continue to incur significant expenses for development activities for NELL-1.  

General
and Administrative   

Our
general and administrative expenses increased from $3,737,207 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $5,235,736 during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The $1,498,529 increase was primarily due to increased wages for our CEO and COO who
began serving the Company in August of 2015, expenses for legal services related to consulting contacts and financing activities
and also stock based compensation expense of our management team totaling $2,938,825.  

Interest
Expense   

Our
net interest expense decreased from $1,484,356 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $1,436,643 during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in interest of $47,713 was related to warrants expensed in February 2015 offset by an increase
related to our new loan in February 2016.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

We
have no significant operating history and, from our inception to September 30, 2016, we have generated a net loss of approximately
$42 million. The financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were prepared assuming we
will continue as a going concern. Operating expenditures for the next twelve months are estimated at $9.7 million. The Company
has no principal payment requirements for the next 12 months.  

The
Company will continue to incur significant expenses for development activities for our lead product NELL-1. The Company s
December 31, 2015 audited financial statements contained a notation by our auditors regarding the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company closed on $5.7 million
of debt and equity financing in February 2016 and $1.2 million of convertible notes in October 2016. Pursuant to the October 2016
Note Purchase Agreement, the Company may only use the proceeds from the issuance of the convertible notes to focus on prioritizing
operations on essential research and development activities. Also pursuant to the October 2016 Note Purchase Agreement, the Company s
management has agreed to defer 20% of earned compensation and the Board of Directors has authorized a change in director compensation
to defer 50% of the directors  cash compensation until at least $5,000,000 has been received in cumulative funding from
non-current stockholders.  

The
Company intends to raise additional debt and/or equity financing to fund future operations and to provide additional working capital.
However, there is no assurance that such financing will be consummated or obtained in sufficient amounts necessary to meet the
Company s needs. If cash resources are insufficient to satisfy the Company s on-going cash requirements, the Company
will be required to scale back or discontinue its product development programs, or obtain funds if available (although there can
be no certainties) through strategic alliances that may require the Company to relinquish their rights to its technology, or discontinue
its operations entirely.  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had cash of $688,233 and $1,115,109, respectively.  

Cash
Flows   

The
following is a summary of our cash flows provided by operating, investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015:  

Operating
activities   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, cash used in operating activities was $6,059,987 and $2,534,755 respectively.
Cash expenditures the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased primarily due to development activities with our Contracted
Manufacturing Organization ( CMO ), patent costs, increase in wages for our CEO and COO who began serving the Company
in August 2015 and professional fees as a result of our financing activities.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cash used in operating activities was partially offset by non-cash of debt discount
amortization of $657,159, debt issuance costs of $223,990, stock option expenses of $2,938,825 for employee options and $4,512,033
for consultant option expense. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, cash used in operating activities was partially
offset by non-cash increases in accrued interest expense of $105,669, debt discount amortization of $449,209, debt financing costs
amortization of $599,781, stock option expenses of $829,667 for employee options, $324,532 related to the issuance of warrants
issued to consultants and $1,370,118 shares issued for services.  

Investing
activities   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no investing activities. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, cash
used in investing activities of $504 resulted from the purchase of equipment.  

Financing
activities   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, cash provided in financing activities of $5,633,111 resulted from the $1,883,311 proceeds,
net of financing fee, of the February 24, 2016 note, exercise of $1,250,000 of warrants and $2,500,000 in equity financing. Cash
provided during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulted from $2,000,000 in proceeds from a convertible note.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

The
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect
on the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

Not
applicable.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures.   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer,
we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) as of September 30, 2016. Based upon that evaluation,
our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer concluded that as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective.  

Changes
in Internal Controls.   

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, management has implemented steps to remediate the material weakness identified during
2015 related to the valuation of options and warrants issued. The Company has engaged a third party to review our calculations
and implemented additional controls through increased levels of accounting expertise to review and approve, among other things,
the complex accounting and related calculations. There were no additional changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings.   

In
the normal course of our business, we may periodically become subject to various lawsuits. However, there are currently no legal
actions pending against us or, to our knowledge, are any such proceedings contemplated.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.   

Not
applicable.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

On
February 22, 2016, the Company entered into share purchase agreements pursuant to which an aggregate of 1,219,511 shares of common
stock of the Company were purchased at a price per share equal to $2.05.  

On
February 24, 2016, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of $2,000,000 to Hankey Capital. The Convertible
Note matures on February 23, 2019 (the  Maturity Date ) and bears interest at an annual rate of interest at the  prime
rate  (as quoted in the  Money Rates  section of The Wall Street Journal) plus 4.0%, with a minimum rate of
8.5% per annum until maturity, with interest payable monthly in arrears. Prior to the Maturity Date, Hankey Capital has a right,
in its sole discretion, to convert the Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common stock (the  Conversion
Shares ), at a conversion rate equal to $1.58 per share. The Convertible Note is secured by certain collateral shares of
Common Stock issued by the Company in the name of Hankey Capital, in such amount so as to maintain a loan to value ratio of no
greater than 50%. The number of Collateral Shares will be adjusted on a yearly basis. The Convertible Note is further secured
by all of the Company s personal property, including collateral assignments of all the Company s license agreements
and the Option Agreement. The principal amount of the loan is prepayable in whole or in part at any time, without premium or penalty.
Upon any voluntary partial prepayment of outstanding principal, Hankey Capital will return Collateral Shares to the Company in
the amount necessary, if any, to maintain the loan to value ratio at no less than 50%. Upon a full payment of the outstanding
principal, all Collateral Shares will be returned and cancelled. Hankey Capital will also return Collateral Shares under the same
terms in case of partial or full conversion of the Convertible Note. In connection with the Convertible Note, on February 24,
2016 the Company issued 2,531,646 common shares as collateral, paid a commitment fee in the amount of $40,000 (2% of the original
principal amount of the Loan) and a warrant to Hankey Capital for 1,463,415 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price per share
of $2.05. The Warrant will expire on February 23, 2021. The Note and Warrant contain provisions limiting the exercise/conversion
thereof.  

Warrants
were exercised to purchase an aggregate of 791,139 shares resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $1,250,000.  

On
June 1, 2016, the Company agreed (i) to issue to AFH 20,186 shares of common stock of the Company as an adjustment to the October
28, 2015 invoice and (ii) ) to issue 23,173 shares of common stock of the Company as an adjustment to the letter agreement dated
February 10, 2016.  

On
June 24, 2016, the Company issued 700,000 of restricted Common Stock to MTF in connection with the exercise of the option granted
to the Company by MTF to distribute the Sygnal product.  

The
proceeds from this note and the share purchases will be used for general working capital.  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

None  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
Applicable  

Item
5. Other Information.   

None  

Item
6. Exhibits.   

(a)
Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K.  

*
Filed Herewith  

SIGNATURES   

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

BONE
    BIOLOGICS CORPORATION    

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Stephen R. LaNeve    

Name:  
      Stephen
    R. LaNeve   

Title:  
      Chief
    Executive Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1    

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer     

   Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

   and
Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427   

I,
Stephen R. LaNeve, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bone Biologics Corporation  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
As the registrant s Principal Financial Officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and I have:  

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
disclosed in this report any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
       /s/
    Stephen R. LaNeve    

Stephen
    R. LaNeve   

Principal
    Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2    

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer    

   Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

   and
Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427   

I,
Deina H. Walsh, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bone Biologics Corporation  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
As the registrant s Principal Financial Officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and I have:  

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

d)
disclosed in this report any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
       /s/
    Deina H. Walsh    

Deina
    H. Walsh   

Principal
    Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1    

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer     

   Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to   

   Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In
connection with the Report of Bone Biologics Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Schuler,
Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

/s/
    Stephen R. LaNeve    

Stephen
    R. LaNeve    

Principal
    Executive Officer    

November
    14, 2016   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2    

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer    

   Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to   

   Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In
connection with the Report of Bone Biologics Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Deina H. Walsh,
Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

/s/
    Deina H. Walsh    

Deina
    H. Walsh   

Principal
    Financial Officer   

November
    14, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bblg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bblg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bblg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bblg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bblg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bblg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

