<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1650204_0001659173-16-000619_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>181852</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>36207</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>121369</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001659173-16-000619.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121172204
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001659173-16-000619
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ANDES 8 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001650204
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				474694442
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55492
		FILM NUMBER:		162011132

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 01, 25/F, KERRY CENTER
		STREET 2:		NO 2008 RENMIN SOUTH RD, LUOHU DISTRICT.
		CITY:			SHENZHEN GUANGDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			N-A
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-0755-2218-4466

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 01, 25/F, KERRY CENTER
		STREET 2:		NO 2008 RENMIN SOUTH RD, LUOHU DISTRICT.
		CITY:			SHENZHEN GUANGDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			N-A

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001659173-16-000619.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 andes810q320161121.htm
 10-Q THIRD QUARTER

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.   

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

OR   

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.   

For
the transition period from ________ to ________.   

Commission
file number: 000-55492   

Andes
8, Inc.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
         
       47-4694442    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction  
         
      (IRS
    Employer   
 
      of
    incorporation or organization)  
         
      Identification
    number)   

Room
    01, 25/F, Kerry CenterNo. 2008 Renmin South Rd    
      Luohu District   
      Shenzhen Guangdong   
      People s Republic of China    
         
       N/A    
 
      (Address
    of Principal Executive Offices)  
         
      (Zip
    Code)   

+  86-755-2218-4466   

  (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

Kerry Center
2501-2502 South Renmin Rd.  

  Shenzhen
Guangzhou F4 N-A  

  (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    
      No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No
  x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
                                         filer  
                                                                              (Do
                                         not check if a smaller reporting company)   
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    
      No      

As of November 21, 2016, there
were 20,000,000 shares of the company s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION.  
       3    

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements.  
       3    

Condensed Balance Sheets - as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   
       3    

Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
       4    

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015(unaudited)  
       5    

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)  
       6    

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       9    
 
      Item 4  
      Controls and Procedures  
       11    

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION.  
       12    

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
       12    
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       12    
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       12    
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
       12    
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
       12    

SIGNATURES  
       13    

PART I  

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

ANDES 8, INC.  

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS    

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 

ANDES 8, INC.  

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 

ANDES 8, INC.  

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

Nine
    Months  
      Nine
    Months   

Ended  
      Ended   

September
    30, 2016  
      September
    30, 2015   

CASH FLOWS FROM
    OPERATING ACTIVITIES:  

Net loss   
       $                      (24,525)  
       $                           (3,079)   
 
      Adjustments to reconcile
    net loss to net  

cash used in operating
    activities:  

Changes in operating
    assets and liabilities:  

Accounts
    payable  
                                   5,359  
                                      1,079   

Net cash used in operating activities  
                               (19,166)  
                                    (2,000)   

CASH FLOWS FROM
    INVESTING ACTIVITIES:  
                                          -    
                                            -      

CASH FLOWS FROM
    FINANCING ACTIVITIES:  

Contributions from
    related party  
                                 19,166  
                                      2,000   
 
           Net
    cash provided by financing activities  
                                 19,166  
                                      2,000   

Net
    increase (decrease) in cash  
                                          -     
                                            -      

Cash
    at beginning of period  
                                          -     
                                            -      

Cash
    at end of period  
       $                                -     
       $                                   -      

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES
    OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:  

Cash paid for interest  
        -   
        -    
 
      Cash paid for taxes  
        -   
        -    

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 

ANDES 8, INC.  

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

1.  
       DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND HISTORY    

Description of business . Andes
8, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 27, 2015, and has been inactive
since inception. The Company intends to serve as a vehicle to affect an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of capital stock or
other business combination with a domestic or foreign business. 

2.  
       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT POLICIES    

The accompanying unaudited financial
statements of the Company have been prepared without audit pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission requirements for interim financial statements. Therefore, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required
by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial statements. The financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements in our Form 10-K filed February 1, 2016. 

The interim financial statements present
the balance sheet, statements of operations and cash flows for the Company. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

The interim financial information is
unaudited. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position as of September 30,
2016 and the results of operations and cash flows presented herein have been included in the financial statements. All such adjustments
are of a normal and recurring nature. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results of operations for the full year. 

Use of estimates . The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires the Company to
make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and judgments are based on historical information, information that is currently
available to the Company and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and cash equivalents . Cash
and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term investments with original maturities of less than 90 days. Cash equivalents
are placed with high credit quality financial institutions and are primarily in money market funds. The carrying value of those
investments approximates fair value. 

Revenue Recognition . Revenue
is only recognized when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery
has occurred or services have been rendered, (3) the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability
is reasonably assured. 

Earnings (loss) per share . Basic
earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing income
available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased
to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive securities
had been issued. There were no potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the periods presented. 

Stock-based compensation . The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued in exchange for the receipt of goods or services from other than employees in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 718-10, Compensation   Stock Compensation, and the conclusions
reached by FASB ASC 505-50, Equity   Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. Costs are measured at the estimated fair market
value of the consideration received or the estimated fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.
The value of equity instruments issued for consideration other than employee services is determined on the earliest of a performance
commitment or completion of performance by the provider of goods or services as defined by FASB ASC 505-50. 

Income taxes . The Company records
income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future
tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
liabilities and their respective tax bases, and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Accounting standards
regarding income taxes requires a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance, if based on
the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish valuation
allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed at each reporting period based on a more-likely-than-not realization threshold.
This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts
of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the Company s experience with operating loss and
tax credit carryforwards not expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives. 

The Company recorded valuation allowances
on the net deferred tax assets. Management will reassess the realization of deferred tax assets based on the accounting standards
for income taxes each reporting period. To the extent that the financial results of operations improve and it becomes more likely
than not that the deferred tax assets are realizable, the Company will be able to reduce the valuation allowance. 

Significant judgment is required in
evaluating the Company s tax positions and determining its provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business,
there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Accounting standards regarding
uncertainty in income taxes provides a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is
to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than
not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The
second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50% likely, based solely on the technical merits,
of being sustained on examinations. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax
benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements .
The Company has evaluated recent pronouncements through Accounting Standards Updates ( ASU ) 2016-18 and believes
that none of them will have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

3.  
       GOING
    CONCERN     

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred losses since inception and had accumulated deficit of
$28,401 as of September 30, 2016. The Company requires capital for its contemplated operational activities. The
Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment
of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its
transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The
ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of
these aforementioned uncertainties. 

In order to mitigate the risk related
with this uncertainty, the Company plans to issue additional shares of common stock for cash and services during the next 12 months. 

4.  
       STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY     

Preferred Stock . The Company
is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value preferred stock. As of September 30, 2016, no shares of preferred
stock had been issued. 

Common Stock  - The Company
is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value common stock. As of September 30, 2016, 20,000,000 shares were issued
and outstanding. 

Upon formation of the Company on July
27, 2015, the Board of Directors issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock for $1,000 in services to the founding shareholder of
the Company. In addition, the founding shareholder made a contribution of $1,000 to the Company for the period ended June 30, 2016,
which is recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

Subsequently, and as previously
reported on Form 8K, on September 12, 2016 the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with Dongzhi Zhang for the
purchase of 20 million shares of its restricted common stock at a price of $0.0001 per share. The sale was the result of a
privately negotiated transaction without the use of public dissemination of promotional or sales materials. Richard Chiang,
our then sole shareholder, officer and director, and the Company agreed to the redemption of 10,000,000 shares of the
Company s common stock at par value, i.e. $1,000, which had previously been issued to Mr. Chiang. 

5.  
       COMMITMENT     

There is no commitment or contingency
to disclose during the period ended September 30, 2016. 

6.  
       SUBSEQUENT EVENTS     

Management has evaluated subsequent
events up to and including November 21, 2016, which is the date the statements were made available for issuance and determined
there are no reportable subsequent events. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements   

 The following discussion should
be read in conjunction with our financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q (the  Report ).
This Report contains forward-looking statements which relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   should,   expects, 
 plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential 
or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions
upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual
results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future
performance suggested herein. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not
intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results 

    Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

 The Company will attempt to locate
and negotiate with a business entity for the combination of that target company with the Company. The combination will normally
take the form of a merger, stock-for-stock exchange or stock-for-assets exchange (the  business combination ). In most
instances the target company will wish to structure the business combination to be within the definition of a tax-free reorganization
under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. No assurances can be given that the Company
will be successful in locating or negotiating with any target business. 

 The Company has not restricted its
search for any specific kind of businesses, and it may acquire a business which is in its preliminary stage, which is already in
operation, or in essentially any stage of its business life. It is impossible to predict the status of any business in which the
Company may become engaged, in that such business may need to seek additional capital, may desire to have its shares publicly traded,
or may seek other perceived advantages which the Company may offer. 

 In implementing a structure for
a particular business acquisition, the Company may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture, or
licensing agreement with another corporation or entity. 

 The Company will participate in
a business combination only after the negotiation and execution of appropriate agreements. Negotiations with a target company will
likely focus on the percentage of the Company which the target company shareholders would acquire in exchange for their shareholdings.
Any merger or acquisition effected by the Company can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares
held by the Company's shareholders at such time. 

  Results of Operations  

  Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016  

  Revenues  

 For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we had no revenues. We are completely dependent upon the willingness of our management to fund our initial operations
by way of loans or capital contributions from our existing sole shareholder. 

Operating Expenses  

 General and administrative expenses
were $24,525 for the period ended September 30, 2016. 

  Net Loss  

 Our net loss for the period ended
September 30, 2016 was $24,525. 

  Liquidity  

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate continuation of the Company as
a going concern. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash of $0 and total liabilities of $6,985. Our cash flows from operating activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted in cash used of $19,166. Our current cash balance and cash flow from operating
activities will not be sufficient to fund our operations. Our cash flow provided by financing activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $19,166. The Company has a working capital deficiency of $6,985 and a shareholders  deficit of $6,985
at September 30, 2016. 

 Over the next 12 months we expect
to expend approximately $10,000 in cash for legal, accounting and related services. Cash used for other expenditures is expected
to be minimal. We hope to be able to attract suitable investors for our business plan, which will not require us to use our cash,
although there can be no assurances that we will be successful in these efforts. 

 We expect to be able to secure capital
through advances from our existing shareholder in order to pay expenses such as filing fees, accounting fees and legal fees. We
believe it will be difficult to secure capital in the future because we have no assets to secure debt and there is currently no
trading market for our securities. We will need additional capital in the next twelve months and if we cannot raise such capital
on acceptable terms, we may have to curtail our operations or terminate our business entirely. 

 The inability to obtain financing
or generate sufficient cash from operations could require us to reduce or eliminate expenditures for acquiring suitable partners
or otherwise curtail or discontinue our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Furthermore, to the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible
debt securities, the issuance of such securities may result in dilution to existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds
through the issuance of debt securities, these securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of our
common stock and the terms of such debt could impose restrictions on our operations. Regardless of whether our cash assets prove
to be inadequate to meet our operational needs, we may seek to compensate providers of services by issuing stock in lieu of cash,
which may also result in dilution to existing stockholders. 

  Operating Capital and Capital
Expenditure Requirements  

 Our controlling shareholder expects
to advance us additional funding for operating costs in order to implement our business plan on an as needed basis. As such, our
operating capital is currently limited to the resources of our controlling shareholder and are subject to our shareholder s
continued willingness to provide additional loans. The loans from our controlling shareholder are unsecured and non-interest bearing
and have no set terms of repayment. We anticipate receiving additional capital should we be able to have our securities actively
trading on a public exchange.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would
be considered material to investors.   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures.    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

Based on an evaluation of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act), as of September 30, 2016,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (its principal executive officer and principal financial
and accounting officer) has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable
assurance level. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness
of Controls   

A control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
Because of the inherent limitations in all controls systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Our disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving its objectives. 

Changes in Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting   

There have not been
any changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
    1.   
       Legal
    Proceedings.    

None.  

Item
    2.   
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

None.  

Item
    3.   
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities.    

None.  

Item
    5.   
       Other
    Information.    

None.  

Item
    6.     
       Exhibits.

Number   
       
       Description    

31.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 302   

31.2*  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 302   

32.1**  
       
      Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

** Filed herewith. 

 ** Furnished herewith 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Andes
    8, Inc.   

Dated:
     November 21, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Dongzhi Zhang   

Name:  
      Dongzhi
    Zhang   

Title:  
       Chief Executive
        Officer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e311.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION   

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As adopted pursuant to Section 302 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Dongzhi Zhang, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Andes 8, Inc.(the  registrant );   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:November  21, 2016  
      Signature:  
      /s/ Dongzhi Zhang   

Dongzhi Zhang, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board   

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e312.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION   

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

  As adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Lijuan Zhang, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Andes 8, Inc.(the  registrant );   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 21, 2016  
      Signature:  
      /s/ Lijuan Zhang   

Lijuan Zhang, Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial and accounting officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e321.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION   

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350,
Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Andes
8, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  November 21, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Dongzhi Zhang   

Dongzhi Zhang, Chief Executive Officer    

By:  
     
         /s/ Lijuan Zhang 
         Lijuan Zhang, Chief Financial Officer   

The foregoing certification is being
furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63
of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

