<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1031623_0001031623-16-000051_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4217107</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106446</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>253758</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1468087</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1675778</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>620055</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001031623-16-000051.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102155703
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001031623-16-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GULF ISLAND FABRICATION INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001031623
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED STRUCTURAL METAL PRODUCTS [3440]
		IRS NUMBER:				721147390
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			LA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34279
		FILM NUMBER:		161967743

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16225 PARK TEN PLACE, SUITE 280
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77084
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7137146100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16225 PARK TEN PLACE, SUITE 280
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77084

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001031623-16-000051.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 gifi-09302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or   
 For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission File Number 001-34279    
   
               GULF ISLAND FABRICATION, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

LOUISIANA 
      
    72-1147390 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
      
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, no par value per share, outstanding as of   November 2, 2016   was     14,644,507  .                 

Table of Contents  

GULF ISLAND FABRICATION, INC. 
  I N D E X 

Page 

PART I  
       
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
       
     Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
       
     3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
       
     4 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
       
     5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
       
     6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
       
     7 
       Item 2.  
       
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
     15 
       Item 3   . 
       
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       
     26 
       Item 4.  
       
     Controls and Procedures  
       
     26 
       PART II  
       
     Other Information  
       
     26 
       Item 1.  
       
     Legal Proceedings  
       
     26 
       Item 1A.  
       
     Risk Factors  
       
     27 
       Item 6.  
       
     Exhibits  
       
     27 
       Signatures  
       
     28 
       Exhibit Index  
       
    E-1 

-    2   - 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements. 
   
  GULF ISLAND FABRICATION, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

-    3   - 

GULF ISLAND FABRICATION, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

-    4   - 

GULF ISLAND FABRICATION, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  
  (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands, except share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

-    5   - 

GULF ISLAND FABRICATION, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (UNAUDITED) 
     (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
  
   -    6   - 

GULF ISLAND FABRICATION, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     September 30, 2016    
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (the  Company,   we  or  our ), is a leading fabricator of offshore drilling and production platforms and other specialized structures for the energy sectors. We operate and manage our business through   three   segments: Fabrication, Shipyards and Services. The Company s principal corporate office is located in Houston, Texas and its fabrication facilities are located in Houma, Jennings and Lake Charles, Louisiana and San Patricio County, Texas. The Company s principal markets are concentrated in the offshore regions and along the coast of the Gulf of Mexico. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. serves as a holding company and conducts all of its operations through its subsidiaries. Our Fabrication segment includes Gulf Island, L.L.C. and Gulf Marine Fabricators, L.P., both of which perform fabrication of offshore drilling and production platforms and other specialized structures used in the development and production of oil and gas reserves. Our Fabrication segment also fabricates structures for alternative energy customers as well as LNG facilities. Our Shipyards segment includes Gulf Island Marine Fabricators, L.L.C. and Gulf Island Shipyards, L.L.C., both of which perform marine vessel fabrication, construction, and repair services.  Our Services segment includes Dolphin Services, L.L.C., which performs interconnect piping services and maintenance on offshore platforms and onshore facilities, and Dolphin Steel Sales, L.L.C., which sells steel plate and other steel products. 
  Structures and equipment fabricated by us include: jackets and deck sections of fixed production platforms; hull, tendon, and/or deck sections of floating production platforms (such as  TLPs ,  SPARs ,  FPSOs  and  MinDOCs  piles; wellhead protectors; subsea templates; various production, compressor and utility modules; offshore living quarters; foundations for offshore wind projects; towboats; tugboats; offshore support vessels; dry docks; liftboats; tanks and barges. The Company also provides offshore interconnect pipe hook-up, inshore marine construction, manufacture and repair of pressure vessels, heavy lifts such as ship integration and TLP module integration, loading and offloading of jack-up drilling rigs, semi-submersible drilling rigs, TLPs, SPARs or other similar cargo, onshore and offshore scaffolding, piping insulation services, and steel warehousing and sales. For definitions of certain technical terms contained in this Form 10-Q, see the Glossary of Certain Technical Terms contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information, the instructions to Form 10-Q, and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ended   December 31, 2016  . 
  The balance sheet at   December 31, 2015   has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  New Accounting Standards 
  In September 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2015-16, "Business Combinations  "   (Topic 805), which eliminates the requirement that an acquirer in a business combination account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. Instead, an acquirer will recognize a measurement-period adjustment during the period in which it determines the amount of the adjustment. The ASU became effective January 1, 2016. See Note 2 for additional disclosure related to the assets and operations acquired in the LEEVAC transaction. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "Compensation Stock Compensation" (Topic 718), which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The application of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on our future Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 
  
   -    7   - 

     Table of Contents  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases", which requires lessees to record most leases on their balance sheets but recognize expenses in a manner similar to current guidance. ASU 2016-02 will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The guidance is required to be applied using a modified retrospective approach. We are currently evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on our financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. 
    
  On May 28, 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB Accounting Standard Codification Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition.  ASU No. 2014-09 requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted as of interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. ASU 2014-09 can be applied either retrospectively to each prior period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. We are evaluating the effect of this new standard on our financial statements. 

NOTE 2 - LEEVAC TRANSACTION 
    
  On January 1, 2016, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain specified liabilities of LEEVAC Shipyards, L.L.C. and its affiliates ( LEEVAC ). The purchase price for the acquisition was   $20.0 million  , subject to a working capital adjustment whereby we received a dollar-for-dollar reduction for the assumption of certain net liabilities of LEEVAC and settlement payments received from sureties on certain ongoing fabrication projects that were assigned to us in the transaction. After taking into account these adjustments, we received approximately   $1.6 million   in cash at closing. During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , we presented our working capital true-up to the seller, which resulted in an additional   $1.5 million   due from the seller and an adjustment to the initial purchase price accounting values as further discussed below.  
    
  Included in our consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016   are assets of   $21.4 million   and liabilities of   $21.1 million   from the LEEVAC transaction. The results of LEEVAC are included in our consolidated statements operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Revenue and net income (loss) included in our results of operations and attributable to the assets and operations acquired in the LEEVAC transaction were   $16.8 million   and    $(471,000)   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , and   $55.9 million   and   $280,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively. Revenue for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   included   $1.5 million   and   $4.1 million   in non-cash amortization of deferred revenue, respectively, related to the values assigned to the contracts acquired in the LEEVAC transaction. 
  The facilities acquired in the LEEVAC transaction are leased and operated under lease and sublease agreements as follows:  

Jennings   - Leased facilities from a third party for a   180   acre complex five miles east of Jennings, LA on the west bank of the Mermentau River approximately 25 miles north of the Intracoastal waterway. The Jennings complex includes over   100,000   square feet of covered fabrication area and   3,000   feet of water frontage with two launch ways. The lease, including exercisable renewal options, extends through January 2045. 

Lake Charles   - Subleased facilities from a third party for a   10   acre complex 17 miles from the Gulf of Mexico on the Calcasieu River near Lake Charles, Louisiana. The Lake Charles complex includes   1,100   feet of bulkhead water frontage with a water depth of 40 feet located one mile from the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway and is located near multiple petrochemical plants. The sublease, including exercisable renewal options (subject to sublessor renewals), extends through July 2038. 

Houma   - Leased facilities from the former owner of LEEVAC Shipyards, currently the Senior Vice President of our Shipyards division, for a   35   acre complex 26 miles from the Gulf of Mexico near Houma, Louisiana. Payment terms are approximately   $67,000   per month. The lease expires on the later of December 31, 2016 or   90   days following the completion of the first of   two   vessels currently under construction at the facility, but no later than August 31, 2017. Upon expiration, we have the option to extend the lease at market rates. 
       
  Strategically, the LEEVAC transaction expands our marine fabrication and repair and maintenance presence in the Gulf South market. We acquired approximately   $121.2 million   of new build construction backlog inclusive of approximately   $9.2  
  
   -    8   - 

     Table of Contents  

million   of purchase price fair value allocated to   four  , new build construction projects to be delivered in 2017 and 2018 for   two   customers. Additionally, we hired   380   employees representing substantially all of the former LEEVAC employees. 
    
  During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we presented our working capital true-up to the seller, which resulted in an additional   $1.5 million   due from the seller that is included within prepaid expenses and other assets as of September 30, 2016. We have recorded adjustments to the initial purchase price accounting values based upon the actual working capital values that we presented.    Our   working capital true-up resulted from a   $2.1 million   reduction in the seller payment owed for prepaid contracts and a   $3.6 million   decrease in the actual value of working capital (primarily accounts receivable and accounts payable) that we received. We also recorded an adjustment of   $2.1 million   to the purchase price valuation allocated to machinery and equipment. The impact to depreciation expense recorded in prior periods as a result of the increase in purchase price allocated to machinery and equipment was determined to be immaterial. We expect to finalize our purchase price allocation during the fourth quarter of 2016. The tables below present the total cash received as reported in our consolidated statements of cash flows, the amount due from seller and the corresponding preliminary fair values assigned to the assets and liabilities acquired from LEEVAC which includes the effect of the working capital true-up and our updated valuation of machinery and equipment.  

__________ 
           (1) 
    Payment from sellers for customer payments received in advance of progress on contracts assigned to us concurrent with the closing of the LEEVAC transaction.  
     
   -    9   - 

     Table of Contents  

(2) 
    Payments from sureties in connection with the release of further obligations related to contracts assigned to us concurrent with the closing of the LEEVAC transaction.  
       
  Pro Forma Results of Acquisitions  
    
  The table below presents our pro forma results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   assuming that we acquired substantially all of the assets and certain specified liabilities of LEEVAC on January 1, 2015 (in thousands):  

______________ 
  (1) Adjustments to historical results are as follows: 

NOTE 3   REVENUE AND CONTRACT COSTS  
  The Company uses the percentage-of-completion accounting method for fabrication contracts. Revenue from fixed-price or unit rate contracts is recognized on the percentage-of-completion method, computed by the efforts-expended method using the percentage of labor hours incurred as compared to estimated total labor hours to complete each contract. This progress percentage is applied to our estimate of total anticipated gross profit for each contract to determine gross profit earned to date. Revenue recognized in a period for a contract is the amount of gross profit recognized for that period plus labor costs and pass-through costs incurred on the contract during the period.  We define pass-through costs as material, freight, equipment rental, and sub-contractor services included in the direct costs of revenue associated with projects. Consequently, pass-through costs are included in revenue but have no impact on the gross profit realized for that particular period. Our pass-through costs as a percentage of revenue for each period presented were as follows: 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts at   September 30, 2016   was   $18.7 million   with   $10.2   relating to   two   major customers.  Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings at   September 30, 2016   was   $7.2 million   and included advances of   $5.9 million   from   four   major customers.   
  Revenues and gross profit on contracts can be significantly affected by change orders and claims that may not be resolved until the later stages of the contract or after the contract has been completed and delivery occurs. At   September 30, 2016  , we included   $87,000   in revenue related to change orders on   two   projects which have been approved as to scope but not price. We expect to resolve these change orders before the end of the fourth quarter of 2016. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we recorded a loss of   $358,000   for a single customer related to revenue on change orders recognized in prior periods that were not recovered in our final settlement with the customer. 
  
   -    10   - 

During the third and fourth quarters of 2015, we recorded contract losses of   $24.5 million   related to a decrease in the contract price due to final weight re-measurements and our inability to recover certain costs on disputed change orders related to a large deepwater project we delivered to our customer in November 2015. No amounts with respect to these disputed change orders are included on our consolidated balance sheet or recognized in revenue in our consolidated statement of operations as of and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . In the second quarter of 2016, we initiated legal action to recover our costs from these disputed change orders. We can give no assurance that our actions will be successful or that we will recover all or any portion of these contract losses from our customer.  

NOTE 4   CONTRACTS RECEIVABLE AND RETAINAGE  
  Our customers include major and large independent oil and gas companies, marine companies, and their contractors.  Of our contracts receivable balance at   September 30, 2016  ,   $12.1 million  , or   45.6%  , is with   three   customers. The significant projects for these   three   customers consist of: 
             
    offshore services projects for   two   oil and gas customers in our Services segment; and 
                
    the fabrication and repair to a deepwater structure for   one   of our oil and gas customers in our Fabrication segment. 
     At   September 30, 2016  , we included an allowance for bad debt of   $623,425   in our contract receivable balance.  
   
  NOTE 5   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
  The Company bases its fair value determinations by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:  

Level 1-inputs are based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets.  
                
    Level 2-inputs are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.  
                
    Level 3-inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. These include discounted cash flow models and similar valuation techniques.  
     Recurring fair value measurements and financial instruments   -   The carrying amounts that we have reported for financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivables and accounts payables, approximate their fair values. 
    
  LEEVAC transaction   - We recorded the assets and liabilities acquired from LEEVAC at their estimated fair values. See Note 2. The preliminary values assigned for the valuation of the machinery and equipment we acquired were estimated primarily using the cost method. The cost method uses the concept of replacement and/or reproductive cost of the asset less depreciation due to physical, functional and economic factors, including obsolescence. The preliminary values assigned to the intangible assets (leasehold interest) and below market contracts were calculated using the income method by applying a discounted cash flow model to the differences between the forecasted cash flows and market rates. The significant estimates and assumptions used in calculating these estimates are generally unobservable in the marketplace and reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use. Accordingly, we have determined that the fair values assigned to the assets and liabilities acquired in the LEEVAC transaction fall within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  Impairment of Assets held for sale   - During the third quarter of 2015, we recorded an impairment on assets held for sale consisting of a partially constructed topside, related valves, piping and equipment that we acquired from a customer following its default under a contract for a deepwater project in 2012. Due to the sustained downturn in the oil and gas industry, our ability to effectively market these assets had been significantly limited and potential buyers were no longer expressing interest in the assets. As a result, we reassessed our estimate of fair value and recorded an impairment of   $6.6 million  .  We reclassified the asset s net realizable value of   $3.7 million   to inventory based on the estimated scrap value of these materials. We intend to use this inventory on future construction projects at our various fabrication facilities. We determined that our impairment of assets held for sale is a non-recurring fair value measurement that falls within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

-    11   - 

NOTE 6   EARNINGS PER SHARE AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  
  Earnings per Share: 
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands, except per share data): 

______________ 
  (1) We have no dilutive securities. 

NOTE 7   LINE OF CREDIT 
  We have a credit agreement with Whitney Bank and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. that provides for an   $80.0 million   revolving credit facility maturing   January 2, 2017  . The credit agreement allows the Company to use up to the full amount of the available borrowing base for letters of credit and up to   $20.0   million for general corporate purposes. Our obligations under the credit agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets, other than real property located in the state of Louisiana. On February 29, 2016, we entered into an amendment to our credit agreement.  
    
  The amendment (i) extends the term of the credit agreement from February 29, 2016 to January 2, 2017; (ii) increases the commitment fee on undrawn amounts from   0.25%   to   0.50%   per annum; (iii) increases the letter of credit fee, subject to certain limited exceptions, to   2.00%   per annum on undrawn stated amounts under letters of credit issued by the lenders; and (iv) limits the maximum amount of loans outstanding at any time for general corporate purposes to   $20.0 million  . Amounts borrowed under our the credit agreement bear interest, at our option, at either the prime lending rate established by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or LIBOR plus   2.0 percent  . Under the amendment, our financial covenants beginning with the quarter ending March 31, 2016 are as follows:  
    
           (i) 
    minimum net worth requirement of not less than   $250.0 million   plus: 
               b) 
    100%   of proceeds from any issuance of common stock;  
              (ii) 
    debt to EBITDA ratio not greater than   3.0   to 1.0; and  
              (iii) 
    interest coverage ratio not less than   2.0   to 1.0.   
       
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   no   amounts were outstanding under the credit facility, and we had outstanding letters of credit totaling   $4.5 million  , reducing the unused portion of our credit facility for additional letters of credit to   $75.5 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all covenants. We are in current negotiations with our lenders and intend to renew our credit facility during the fourth quarter of 2016.  

NOTE 8 - SEGMENT DISCLOSURES 
    
  In connection with the LEEVAC transaction (See Note 2), management restructured the operation of our business units into   three   divisions which we believe meet the criteria of reportable segments under GAAP. These segments consist of Fabrication, Shipyards and Services. 

-    12   - 

Fabrication   -   Our Fabrication division primarily fabricates structures such as offshore drilling and production platforms and other steel structures for customers in the oil and gas industries including jackets and deck sections of fixed production platforms along with pressure vessels. Our Fabrication segment also fabricates structures for alternative energy customers (such as the five jackets and piles we constructed for a shallow water wind turbine project off the coast of Rhode Island during 2015) as well as LNG facilities. We perform these activities out of our fabrication yards in Houma, Louisiana and Ingleside, Texas. 
    
  Shipyards   -   Our Shipyards division primarily fabricates and repairs marine vessels including offshore supply vessels, anchor handling vessels, lift boats, tugboats, and towboats. Our Shipyards division also constructs and owns dry docks to lift marine vessels out of the water in order to make repairs or modifications. Our marine repair activities include steel repair, blasting and painting services, electrical systems repair, machinery and piping system repairs, and propeller, shaft and rudder reconditioning. Our Shipyards division also performs conversion projects that consist of lengthening or modifying the use of existing vessels to enhance their capacity or functionality. We perform these activities out of our facilities in Houma, Jennings and Lake Charles, Louisiana. 
    
  Services   -   Our Services division primarily provides interconnect piping services on offshore platforms and inshore structures. Interconnect piping services involve sending employee crews to offshore platforms in the Gulf of Mexico to perform welding and other activities required to connect production equipment, service modules and other equipment on a platform. We also contract with oil and gas companies that have platforms and other structures located in the inland lakes and bays throughout the Southeast for various on-site construction and maintenance activities. In addition, our Services division can fabricate packaged skid units and provide various municipal and drainage projects, such as pump stations, levee reinforcement, bulkheads and other projects for state and local governments. 
    
  We generally evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, our segments based upon gross profit (loss) and operating income (loss). Segment assets are comprised of all assets attributable to each segment. Corporate administrative costs and overhead are generally allocated to our segments except for those costs that are not directly related to the operations of our divisions. Intersegment revenues are priced at the estimated fair value of work performed.  Summarized financial information concerning our segments as of and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 is as follows (in thousands): 

-    13   - 

____________ 
            (2) 
    Revenue for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   includes   $1.5 million   and   $4.1 million   of non-cash amortization of deferred revenue, respectively, related to the values assigned to contracts acquired in the LEEVAC transaction. 
      
  NOTE 9   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  On   October 27, 2016  , our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $  0.01   per share on our shares of common stock outstanding, payable   November 23, 2016    to shareholders of record on   November 10, 2016  . 
    
  On October 21, 2016, a customer of our Shipyards  segment announced it had received limited waivers from its lenders and noteholders through November 11, 2016 with respect to noncompliance with certain financial covenants included in the customer s debt agreements. The customer also announced its debt agreements will require further negotiation and amendment.  In the event our customer is unsuccessful in these efforts, the customer will consider other options including a possible reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Federal bankruptcy laws. At September 30, 2016,   no   contracts receivable were outstanding and deferred revenue exceeded our costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on this contract. We continue to monitor our work performed in relation to our customer s status and its ability to pay under the terms of its contract. Based on our evaluation to date, we do not believe that any loss on this contract is probable or estimable at this time.  
  
   -    14   - 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
   
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  Statements under  Backlog,   Results of Operations  and  Liquidity and Capital Resources  and other statements in this report and the exhibits hereto that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from the results and outcomes predicted in such forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon such forward-looking statements. Important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from expectations or projections include those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Executive Summary 
    
  Oil and gas price volatility has created significant uncertainty in global equity prices and overall market fundamentals within the energy industry. The continued downturn in oil and gas prices presents continued challenges in the near-term. Reductions in capital spending by our customers in the global oil and gas industry, relative to the already reduced spending levels in the prior year for exploration and production, introduces additional uncertainty to short and long-term demand in offshore oil and gas project activity. The results of these actions have had an adverse effect on our overall backlog levels and created challenges with respect to our ability to operate our fabrication facilities at desired utilization levels. 
    
  We continue to respond to decreases in capital spending by our customers by reducing our own discretionary spending. Since the beginning of 2016, wage adjustments along with employee benefit reductions and overall cost reductions in all of our facilities have been implemented along with continued examination of all potential cost reductions associated with our business segments.  We have reduced the level of our workforce based on booked work in all of our facilities and will continue to do so, as necessary. We continue to evaluate opportunities to dispose of assets that are either underperforming or not expected to provide sufficient long-term value. 
    
  From a marketing perspective, we have increased our focus on fabrication projects outside of the oil and gas sector, including certain large petrochemical plant module work, alternative energy fabrication projects, and other projects that are less susceptible to fluctuations in oil and gas prices.  Opportunities for Shipyard related projects remain strong with projects ranging from river cruise vessels to brown water tugs and river barges.  Opportunities for our Services segment are expected to remain steady, consistent with current levels. 
    
  With no debt and   $55.6 million   in cash, we will continue to conserve our cash due to the uncertainty of both the severity and duration of the current oil and gas market downturn.  We will, however, continue to explore opportunities for mergers or acquisitions that may exist.  Our recent acquisition of substantially all of LEEVAC's assets, as further discussed below, has provided assets and operations that are complementary to our existing marine fabrication business at an attractive value.  The transaction provides us with more diversified product offerings and added approximately   $121.2 million   of new build construction backlog inclusive of approximately   $9.2 million   of purchase price fair value allocated to   four  , new build construction projects to be delivered in 2017 and 2018 for   two   customers. 
    
  As previously disclosed, Jeff Favret has resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer for the Company. This was due to personal reasons and not related to any disputes or disagreements with the Company.  The company has retained his services as Manager of Strategic Alternatives and Initiatives.  Kirk Meche, our President and Chief Executive Officer, has assumed the role of Interim-Chief Financial Officer with an executive search underway for a new permanent Chief Financial Officer. 
    
  During the third and fourth quarters of 2015, we recorded contract losses of   $24.5 million   related to a decrease in the contract price due to final weight re-measurements and our inability to recover certain costs on disputed change orders related to a large deepwater project that was delivered in November 2015. No amounts with respect to these disputed change orders are included on our balance sheet or recognized as revenue in our consolidated statement of operations as of and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . In the second quarter of 2016, we initiated legal action to recover our costs from these disputed change orders. We can give no assurance that our actions will be successful or that we will recover all or any portion of these contract losses from our customer.  

-    15   - 

     Table of Contents  

LEEVAC Transaction 
    
  On January 1, 2016, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain specified liabilities of LEEVAC Shipyards, L.L.C. and its affiliates ( LEEVAC ). The purchase price for the acquisition was   $20.0 million  , subject to a working capital adjustment whereby we received  a dollar-for-dollar reduction for the assumption of certain net liabilities of LEEVAC and settlement payments received from sureties on certain ongoing fabrication projects that were assigned to us in the transaction. After taking into account these adjustments, we received approximately   $1.6 million   in cash at closing. Additionally, we hired 380 employees upon acquisition of the facilities representing substantially all of the former LEEVAC employees. During the quarter, we presented our working capital true-up to the seller, which resulted in an additional $1.5 million due to us.  
    
  Strategically, the acquisition expands our marine fabrication and repair and maintenance presence in the Gulf South market, further diversifies our fabrication capabilities and added approximately   $121.2 million   of new build construction backlog inclusive of approximately   $9.2 million   of purchase price fair value allocated to   four  , new build construction projects to be delivered in 2016 and 2017 for   two   customers. A description of the primary fabrication facility leases and subleases assumed and equipment acquired is as follows:  

Jennings   - Leased facilities from a third party for a 180 acre complex five miles east of Jennings, LA on the west bank of the Mermentau River approximately 25 miles north of the Intracoastal waterway. The Jennings complex includes over 100,000 square feet of covered fabrication area and 3,000 feet of water frontage with two launch ways. The lease, including exercisable renewal options, extends through January 2045. 

Lake Charles   - Subleased facilities from a third party for a 10 acre complex 17 miles from the Gulf of Mexico on the Calcasieu River near Lake Charles, LA. The Lake Charles complex includes 1,100 feet of bulkhead water frontage with a water depth of 40 feet located one mile from the main ship channel and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway and is located near multiple petrochemical plants. The sublease, including exercisable renewal options (subject to sublessor renewals), extends through July 2038. 

Houma   - Leased facilities from the former owner of LEEVAC Shipyards, currently the Senior Vice President of our Shipyards division, for a 35 acre complex 26 miles from the Gulf of Mexico near Houma, LA. The lease expires on the later of December 31, 2016 or 90 days following the completion of the first of two vessels currently under construction at the facility, but no later than August 31, 2017. Upon expiration, we will have the option to extend the lease at market rates. 

Operating Segments 
    
  In connection with the LEEVAC transaction, management restructured the operations of our business units into three divisions which we believe meet the criteria of reportable segments under GAAP. These segments consist of Fabrication, Shipyards and Services. 
    
  Fabrication   -   Our Fabrication division primarily fabricates structures such as offshore drilling and production platforms and other steel structures for customers in the oil and gas industries including jackets and deck sections of fixed production platforms along with pressure vessels.  Our Fabrication segment also fabricates structures for alternative energy customers (such as the five jackets and piles we constructed for a shallow water wind turbine project off the coast of Rhode Island during 2015) as well as LNG facilities. We perform these activities out of our fabrication yards in Houma, Louisiana and Ingleside, Texas. 
    
  Shipyards   -   Our Shipyards division primarily fabricates and repairs marine vessels including offshore supply vessels, anchor handling vessels, lift boats, tugboats, and towboats. Our Shipyards division also constructs and owns dry docks to lift marine vessels out of the water in order to make repairs or modifications. Our marine repair activities include steel repair, blasting and painting services, electrical systems repair, machinery and piping system repairs, and propeller, shaft and rudder reconditioning. Our Shipyards division also performs conversion projects that consist of lengthening or modifying the use of existing vessels to enhance their capacity or functionality. We perform these activities out of our facilities in Houma, Jennings and Lake Charles, Louisiana. 

-    16   - 

     Table of Contents  

Services   -   Our Services division primarily provides interconnect piping services on offshore platforms and inshore structures. Interconnect piping services involve sending employee crews to offshore platforms in the Gulf of Mexico to perform welding and other activities required to connect production equipment, service modules and other equipment on a platform. We also contract with oil and gas companies that have platforms and other structures located in the inland lakes and bays throughout the Southeast for various on-site construction and maintenance activities. In addition, our Services division can fabricate packaged skid units and provide various municipal and drainage projects, such as pump stations, levee reinforcement, bulkheads and other projects for state and local governments. 
    
  We generally evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, our segments based upon gross profit (loss) and operating income (loss). Segment assets are comprised of all assets attributable to each segment. Corporate administrative costs and overhead are generally allocated to our segments except for those costs that are not directly related to the operations of our divisions. Intersegment revenues are priced at the estimated fair value of work performed.  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  For a discussion of critical accounting policies and estimates we use in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements, refer to  Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  There have been no changes in our evaluation of our critical accounting policies since December 31, 2015. 

Backlog 
  Our backlog is based on management s estimate of the direct labor hours required to complete, and the remaining revenue to be recognized with respect to those projects for which a customer has authorized us to begin work or purchase materials pursuant to written contracts, letters of intent or other forms of authorization. As engineering and design plans are finalized or changes to existing plans are made, management s estimate of the direct labor hours required to complete a project and the price of a project at completion is likely to change. 
  All projects currently included in our backlog are generally subject to suspension, termination, or a reduction in scope at the option of the customer, although the customer is required to pay us for work performed and materials purchased through the date of termination, suspension, or reduction in scope. In addition, customers have the ability to delay the execution of projects. 
  We continue to explore markets outside the oil   gas sector. We were recently awarded the fabrication of four modules associated with a U.S. ethane cracker project within our Fabrication segment. Included within our backlog is $60.4 million and approximately 602,000 labor hours associated with this project. We intend to perform this work at our Louisiana fabrication facilities. 

-    17   - 

Our backlog at   September 30, 2016  ,   June 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   consisted of the following (in thousands, except for percentages): 

___________ 
           1. 
    Backlog as of   September 30, 2016   includes commitments received through   October 27, 2016  . We exclude suspended projects from contract backlog that are expected to be suspended more than twelve months because resumption of work and timing of revenue recognition for these projects are difficult to predict. Our backlog also includes the new build construction that was acquired in the LEEVAC transaction on January 1, 2016. Included in our backlog at   September 30, 2016  , is   $5.1 million   of non-cash revenue related to purchase price fair value of contracts acquired in the LEEVAC transaction and included in deferred revenue in our consolidated Balance sheet at   September 30, 2016  .  
              2. 
    At   September 30, 2016  , projects for our   three   largest customers in terms of revenue backlog consisted of: 
              (i) 
    two large petroleum supply vessels for one customer in our Shipyards segment, which commenced in the second quarter of 2013 and will be completed during the first and second quarter of 2017; 
              (ii) 
    two large multi-purpose service vessels for one customer in our Shipyards segment, which commenced in the first quarter of 2014 and will be completed during the first and second quarter of 2018; and 
     (iii) the fabrication of four modules associated with a U.S. ethane cracker project. 
           3. 
    The timing of recognition of the revenue represented in our backlog is based on management s current estimates to complete the projects.  Certain factors and circumstances could cause changes in the amounts ultimately recognized and the timing of the recognition of revenue from our backlog. 
       
  Depending on the size of the project, the termination, postponement, or reduction in scope of any one project could significantly reduce our backlog and could have a material adverse effect on revenue, net income and cash flow. 
   
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   1,336   employees and   163   contract employees inclusive of   380   employees hired in the LEEVAC transaction, compared to   1,255   employees and 71 contract employees as of December 31, 2015. 
  
   -    18   - 

Labor hours worked were   2.3 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   2.1 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . The overall increase in labor hours worked for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was due to   636,000   labor hours worked from projects acquired in the LEEVAC transaction partially offset by a reduction in fabrication activity due primarily to the downturn in the oil and gas industry. 

Results of Operations  
  Our results of operations are affected primarily by our ability to effectively manage contracts to a successful completion along with producing maximum efficiencies as it relates to manhours.   
    
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015     (in thousands, except for percentages): 
  Consolidated 

Revenue -   Our revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 was   $65.4 million   and   $67.5 million  , respectively, representing a   decrease   of   3.2%  .  The   decrease   is primarily attributable to an overall decrease in work experienced in our fabrication yards as a result of depressed oil and gas prices and the corresponding reduction in customer demand for offshore projects in our Fabrication segment. During 2015, we completed the fabrication of a 1,200 foot jacket, piles and an approximate 450 short ton topside with no similar project in 2016. Our decrease in revenue earned from offshore fabrication work was partially offset by the results of the assets and operations acquired in the LEEVAC transaction (see LEEVAC Transaction above), which contributed   $16.8 million   in revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . Pass-through costs as a percentage of revenue were   33.8%   and   45.3%   for the three-months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  Pass-through costs, as described in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, are included in revenue but have no impact on the gross profit recognized on a project for a particular period. 
    
  Gross profit (loss)-   Our gross profit (loss) for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 was   $5.3 million   (  8.0%   of revenue) and   $(7.8) million  , respectively. Our gross profit improved compared to third quarter of 2015 primarily due to contract losses of $14.3 million that were recorded during the third quarter of 2015 resulting from our inability to recover certain costs related to a deck and jacket for one of our deepwater projects. We had no such loss during the third quarter of 2016 and implemented cost cutting measures. This was partially offset by tighter margins within all of our segments due to a decrease in work as a result of the downturn in the oil and gas industry. 
    
  General and administrative expenses   - Our general and administrative expenses were   $5.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $3.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase in general  
  
   -    19   - 

and administrative expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily attributable to the operations acquired in the LEEVAC transaction and bonus expense,  partially offset by cost cutting efforts implemented during 2016. 
    
   Asset impairment   - During the three months ended    September 30, 2015  , we recorded an asset impairment charge of   $6.6 million   related to a partially constructed topside, related valves, piping and equipment that we acquired from a customer following its default under a contract in 2012. Due to the sustained downturn in the energy sector, our ability to effectively market these assets was significantly limited, and we reassessed the asset s net realizable value based on the estimated scrap value of the assets. We had no such impairments during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Interest expense, net   - The Company had net interest expense of   $98,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to net interest expense of   $31,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase was primarily driven by an increase in the cost of unused credit facility fees under our credit agreement. 
  Other income, net -    Other income increased   $599,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The increase was primarily due to gains on sales of assets from our Fabrication division. 
  Income taxes -    Our effective income tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was 19.7%, compared to an effective tax rate of 34.0% for the comparable period during 2015. The change in our effective rate is due to the decrease in our effective rate for the year-to-date period. 
  Operating Segments  

Revenue decreased   $9.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   is attributable to an overall decrease in work experienced in our fabrication yards as a result of depressed oil and gas prices and the corresponding reduction in customer demand for offshore fabrication projects.  
    
  Gross profit increased   $14.5 million   to   $532,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a gross loss of   $14.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   due to contract losses of $14.3 million that were recorded during the third quarter of 2015 resulting from our inability to recover certain costs related to a deck and jacket for one of our deepwater projects. We had no such loss during the third quarter of 2016 and implemented cost cutting measures in response to decreases in work at our fabrication facilities.  
    
  General and administrative expenses decreased   $657,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015   due to cost cutting measures implemented during 2016 in response to decreases in work at our fabrication facilities. 
    
  Asset impairment   - During the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded an asset impairment charge of   $6.6 million   related to a partially constructed topside, related valves, piping and equipment that we acquired from a customer following its default under a contract in 2012. Due to the sustained downturn in the energy sector, our ability to effectively market these assets was significantly limited, and we reassessed the asset s net realizable value based on the estimated scrap value of the assets. We had no such impairments during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  

-    20   - 

___________ 
           (1)  
    Revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , includes   $1.5 million   of non-cash amortization of deferred revenue related to the values assigned to the contracts acquired in the LEEVAC transaction. 
       
  Revenue increased   $10.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015   due to the operations acquired in the LEEVAC transaction (see LEEVAC Transaction above), which contributed   $16.8 million   in revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Gross profit decreased   $60,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015   due to tighter margins on new work and inefficiencies incurred on the contracts acquired in the LEEVAC transaction partially offset by savings realized from cost cutting measures implemented during 2016. 
    
  General and administrative expenses increased   $1.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily due to the expenses associated with the operations acquired in the LEEVAC transaction and bonus expense. 

Revenue decreased   $2.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015   due to the winding down of two large offshore service projects from the first half of 2016 and the downturn in the oil and gas industry. 
    
  Gross profit decreased   $1.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015   due to decreases in revenues and tighter margins on new work. 
    
  General and administrative expenses increased   $546,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015   due to bonuses and additional administrative support added during the first half of 2016. 

-    21   - 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015     (in thousands, except for percentages): 
  Consolidated 

Revenue -   Our revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 was   $230.9 million   and   $251.1 million  , respectively, representing a   decrease   of   8.1%  . The   decrease   is primarily attributable to an overall decrease in work experienced in our fabrication yards primarily as a result of depressed oil and gas prices and the corresponding reduction in customer demand for offshore projects in our Fabrication segment. During 2015, we completed the fabrication of a 1,200 foot jacket, piles and an approximate 450 short ton topside with no similar project in 2016. Our decrease in revenue earned from offshore fabrication work was partially offset by the assets and operations acquired in the LEEVAC transaction (see LEEVAC Transaction above), which contributed   $55.9 million   in revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Pass-through costs as a percentage of revenue were   35.0%   and   43.2%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  Pass-through costs, as described in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, are included in revenue but have no impact on the gross profit recognized on a project for a particular period. 
  Gross profit -   Our gross profit for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 was   $25.0 million   (  10.8%   of revenue) and   $2.4 million   (  1.0%   of revenue), respectively. Our gross profit improved compared to 2015 primarily due to the LEEVAC transaction and contract losses of $14.3 million that were recorded during the third quarter of 2015 resulting from our inability to recover certain costs related to a deck and jacket for one of our deepwater projects. We had no such loss during the third quarter of 2016 and implemented cost cutting measures in response to decreases in work at our fabrication facilities.  
    
  General and administrative expenses   - Our general and administrative expenses were   $14.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $11.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase in general and administrative expenses for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily attributable to: 

bonuses, and 
                
    the LEEVAC transaction; partially offset by  
                
    cost cutting efforts implemented as a result of the downturn in the oil and gas industry. 
              Asset impairment   - During the nine months ended    September 30, 2015  , we recorded an asset impairment charge of   $6.6 million   related to a partially constructed topside, related valves, piping and equipment that we acquired from a customer following its default under a contract in 2012. Due to the sustained downturn in the energy sector, our ability to effectively  
  
   -    22   - 

market these assets was significantly limited, and we reassessed the asset s net realizable value based on the estimated scrap value of the assets. We had no such impairments during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Interest expense, net   - The Company had net interest expense of   $228,000   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to net interest expense of   $105,000   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase in net interest expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily driven by an increase in the cost of unused credit facility fees under our credit agreement. 
  Other income, net -    Other income increased   $1.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The increase was primarily due to gains of    $924,000   related to the sale of three cranes at our Texas facility as well as sales of smaller assets by our Shipyards division.  
  Income taxes -    Our effective income tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was 36.9%, compared to an effective tax rate of 34.0% for the comparable period during 2015. The increase in our effective rate is due to the effect of state income taxes from income generated within Louisiana with no offsetting tax benefit from losses generated within Texas. 
  Operating Segments 

Revenue decreased   $67.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   is attributable to an overall decrease in work experienced in our fabrication yards as a result of depressed oil and gas prices and the corresponding reduction in customer demand for offshore fabrication projects. During 2015, we completed the fabrication of a 1,200 foot jacket, piles and an approximate 450 short ton topside with no similar project in 2016.  
  Gross profit increased   $18.5 million   to   $4.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a gross loss of   $14.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase is due to contract losses of $14.3 million that were recorded during the third quarter of 2015 resulting from our inability to recover certain costs related to a deck and jacket for one of our deepwater projects. We had no such loss during the third quarter of 2016 and implemented cost cutting measures in response to decreases in work at our fabrication facilities.   
    
  General and administrative expenses decreased   $2.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   due to cost cutting measures implemented during 2016 in response to decreases in work at our fabrication facilities. 
    
  Asset impairment   - During the nine months ended    September 30, 2015  , we recorded an asset impairment charge of   $6.6 million   related to a partially constructed topside, related valves, piping and equipment that we acquired from a customer following its default under a contract in 2012. Due to the sustained downturn in the energy sector, our ability to effectively market these assets was significantly limited, and we reassessed the asset s net realizable value based on the estimated scrap value of the assets. We had no such impairments during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  
   -    23   - 

____________ 
           (1) 
    Revenue for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , includes   $4.1 million   of non-cash amortization of deferred revenue related to the values assigned to the contracts acquired in the LEEVAC transaction. 
       
  Revenue increased   $39.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   due to the assets and operations acquired in the LEEVAC transaction (see LEEVAC Transaction above), which contributed   $55.9 million   in revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The increase was partially offset by decreases in work due to the downturn in the oil and gas industry. 
    
  Gross profit increased   $3.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   due to the LEEVAC transaction as well as increases in profitability estimates for other jobs in progress due to cost cutting measures. 
    
  General and administrative expenses increased   $4.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   due to the expenses associated with the operations acquired in the LEEVAC transaction and bonuses. 

Revenue increased   $5.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   due to increases in the scope of two large offshore service projects during the first half of 2016. 
    
  Gross profit increased   $563,000   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   due to increases in revenues and improved absorption of fixed costs resulting from an increase in labor hours worked. 
    
  General and administrative expenses increased   $1.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   due to additional administrative support costs related to increases in activity and bonuses. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Historically, we have funded our business activities through cash generated from operations. At   September 30, 2016   we had no amounts outstanding under our credit facility,   $4.5 million   in outstanding letters of credit, and cash and cash equivalents totaling   $55.6 million  , compared to   $34.8 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  Working capital was   $79.8 million   and our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was   2.83   to 1 at   September 30, 2016  .  Our primary source of cash for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , was related to the collection of accounts receivable under various customer contracts and sales of three cranes at our Texas facility for   $5.8 million  . At   September 30, 2016  , our contracts receivable balance was   $26.6 million   of which we have subsequently collected   $12.1 million   through   October 31, 2016  . 
  On January 1, 2016, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain specified liabilities of LEEVAC. The purchase price for the acquisition was   $20.0 million  , subject to a working capital adjustment whereby we received a dollar-for- 
  
   -    24   - 

dollar reduction for the assumption of certain net liabilities of LEEVAC at closing and settlement payments from sureties on certain ongoing fabrication projects that were assigned to us in the transaction.  After taking into account these adjustments, we received approximately   $1.6 million   in cash at closing. During the quarter, we presented our working capital true-up to the seller, which resulted in an additional $1.5 million due to us. Additionally, we hired   380   employees upon acquisition of the facilities representing substantially all of the former LEEVAC employees. Strategically, the transaction expands our marine fabrication and repair and maintenance presence in the Gulf South market. At the date of transaction, we acquired approximately   $121.2 million   of new build construction backlog inclusive of approximately   $9.2 million   of purchase price fair value allocated to   four  , new build construction projects to be delivered in 2017 and 2018 for   two   customers.  
    
  As of September 30, 2016, we had a credit agreement with Whitney Bank and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. that provides for an   $80.0 million   revolving credit facility maturing   January 2, 2017  . The credit agreement allows the Company to use up to the full amount of the available borrowing base for letters of credit and up to   $20.0   million for general corporate purposes. Our obligations under the credit agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets, other than real property located in the state of Louisiana. On February 29, 2016, we entered into an amendment to our credit agreement. The amendment (i) extends the term of the Credit Facility from February 29, 2016 to January 2, 2017; (ii) increases the commitment fee on undrawn amounts from   0.25%   to   0.50%   per annum; (iii) increases the letter of credit fee, subject to certain limited exceptions, to   2.00%   per annum on undrawn stated amounts under letters of credit issued by the lenders; and (iv) limits the maximum amount of loans outstanding at any time for general corporate purposes to   $20.0 million  .  Amounts borrowed under our the credit agreement bear interest, at our option, at either the prime lending rate established by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or LIBOR plus 2.0 percent. Under the amendment our financial covenants beginning with the quarter ending March 31, 2016 as follows:  
    
           (i) 
    minimum net worth requirement of not less than   $250.0 million   plus  
               b) 
    100% of proceeds from any issuance of common stock;  
              (ii) 
    debt to EBITDA ratio not greater than 3.0 to 1.0; and  
              (iii) 
    interest coverage ratio not less than 2.0 to 1.0.   
       
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   no   amounts were outstanding under the credit facility, and we had outstanding letters of credit totaling   $4.5 million  , reducing the unused portion of our credit facility for additional letters of credit to   $75.5 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all covenants. During the fourth quarter, we expect to enter into a two-year, $40.0 million amended and restated credit facility with our current lenders that will be secured by substantially all of our assets (other than real property). We anticipate the amended credit facility will allow us to use the full $40.0 million borrowing base for both letters of credit and general corporate purposes. Given the historically low levels of borrowings under our current facility and our cash position, we requested a reduction in the amount of available credit under our revolver from $80.0 million to $40.0 million to decrease the commitment fees payable to our lenders for the undrawn portion of the facility. 
    
  Our primary liquidity requirements are for the costs associated with servicing projects and capital expenditures in our Fabrication and Shipyards segments. In particular, as further discussed in Note 2 in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, in connection with the LEEVAC transaction, we received at closing a net cash amount that included consideration for billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts and other payments from sureties representing pre-payment on the partially constructed vessels totaling   $21.9 million   as adjusted for the working capital true-up. Consequently, there will be required cash outflows for costs associated with the prepaid amounts without corresponding milestone billings. We anticipate capital expenditures for the remainder of 2016 to be approximately   $1.8 million   primarily for the following: 

extension of one of our dry docks, and 
                
    improvements to our newly acquired facilities. 
       
  On October 21, 2016, a customer of our Shipyards  segment announced it had received limited waivers from its lenders and noteholders through November 11, 2016 with respect to noncompliance with certain financial covenants included in the customer s debt agreements. The customer also announced its debt agreements will require further negotiation and amendment.  In the event our customer is unsuccessful in these efforts, the customer will consider other options including a possible reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Federal bankruptcy laws. At September 30, 2016,   no   contracts receivable were outstanding and deferred revenue exceeded our costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on this contract. We continue to monitor our work performed in relation to our customer s status and its ability to pay under the terms of its contract. Based on our evaluation to date, we do not believe that any loss on this contract is probable or estimable at this time. 

-    25   - 

In February 2016, our Board of Directors approved a decrease in our quarterly dividend to $0.01 in an effort to conserve cash. On   October 27, 2016  , our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $  0.01   per share on our shares of common stock outstanding, payable   November 23, 2016    to shareholders of record on   November 10, 2016  . 
    
  We believe our cash and cash equivalents generated by operating activities and funds available under our credit facility will be sufficient to fund our capital expenditures, issue future letters of credit and meet our working capital needs for both the near and longer term to continue our operations, satisfy our contractual operations and pay dividends to our shareholders.  
  Cash Flow Activities  
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   net cash provided by operating activities was   $19.3 million  , compared to   $18.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in cash provided by operations was primarily due to increased gross profit and collections of contract receivables during 2016 somewhat offset by payments required for trade payables  during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 2015. 
  Net cash provided by investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $2.0 million  , compared to cash used in investing activities of   $5.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in cash provided by investing activities is primarily due to cash received from the sale of three cranes at our Texas facility for   $5.8 million   and   $1.6 million   of cash acquired in the LEEVAC transaction. 
  Net cash used in financing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 was   $440,000   and   $4.4 million  , respectively. The decrease is due to the reduction in the cash dividend in 2016. 
   
  Contractual Obligations 
  There have been no material changes from the information included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. For more information on our contractual obligations, refer to Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  There have been no material changes from the information included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  There have been no material changes in the Company s market risks during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . For more information on market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
  The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer has concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
  There have been no changes during the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
  The Company is subject to various routine legal proceedings in the normal conduct of its business primarily involving commercial claims, workers  compensation claims, and claims for personal injury under general maritime laws of the United  
  
   -    26   - 

     Table of Contents  

States and the Jones Act. While the outcome of these lawsuits, legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the outcome of any such proceedings, even if determined adversely, would not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
  There have been no material changes from the information included in Item 1A  Risk Factors  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
   
  Item 6. Exhibits.                     2.1 
      
    Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 23, 2015 by and among Gulf Island Shipyards, LLC, LEEVAC Shipyards, LLC and certain related affiliates, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2015. 
      3.1 
      
    Composite Articles of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed April 23, 2009. 
      3.2 
      
    Bylaws of the Company, as amended and restated through April 26, 2012, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2012. 
      4.1 
      
    Specimen Common Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A filed March 19, 1997 (Registration No. 333-21863). 
      10.1 
      
    Form of Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Award Agreement. 
      31 
      
    CEO and CFO Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
      32 
      
    Section 906 Certification furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
      99.1 
      
    Press release issued by the Company on October 27, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2016. 
      101 
      
    Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following items formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): 

(i) 
    Consolidated Balance Sheets, 

(ii) 
    Consolidated Statements of Operations, 

(iii) 
    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Equity, 

(iv) 
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and 

(v) 
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

-    27   - 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                 GULF ISLAND FABRICATION, INC. 
        
      BY: 
    /s/ Kirk J. Meche 
        
    Kirk J. Meche 
        
    President, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:   November 2, 2016    

-    28   - 

Table of Contents  

GULF ISLAND FABRICATION, INC. 
  EXHIBIT INDEX  
    
                     Exhibit 
  Number 
       
    Description of Exhibit 

2.1 
      
    Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 23, 2015 by and among Gulf Island Shipyards, LLC, LEEVAC Shipyards, LLC and certain related affiliates, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2015. 
    
      3.1 
       
    Composite Articles of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed April 23, 2009. 
      3.2 
       
    Bylaws of the Company, as amended and restated through April 26, 2012, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2012. 
      4.1 
       
    Specimen Common Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A filed March 19, 1997 (Registration No. 333-21863). 
      10.1 
      
    Form of Long-Term Performance-Based Cash Award Agreement. 
      31 
       
    CEO and CFO Certifications pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
      32 
       
    Section 906 Certification furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
      99.1 
       
    Press release issued by the Company on October 27, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2016. 
      101 
       
    Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following items formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): 

(i) 
    Consolidated Balance Sheets, 

(ii) 
    Consolidated Statements of Operations, 

(iii) 
    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Equity, 

(iv) 
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and 

(v) 
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

E-1 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE  BASED CASH AWARD AGREEMENT 

This LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE-BASED CASH AWARD AGREEMENT (this  Agreement ) is by and between Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. ( Gulf Island  or the  Company ) and    Participant Name    (the  Participant ). 
  Section 1.  Award  . 
  (a)        Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Participant shall be eligible to receive a long-term performance-based bonus (the  Award ) payable in cash in the amount of $_______________ (the  Target Award ) following the end of the performance period based on the Company s performance relative to the performance criteria during the performance period beginning January 1, 2016 and ending December 31, 2018 (the  Performance Period ).   
  (b)        The amount of cash earned shall be based upon the Company s total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder return ( Relative TSR ) of the Simmons   Companies Offshore Construction Services   Infrastructure Group (the  Peer Group ) in accordance with the following matrix: 

(i)    Total shareholder return as applied to the Company or any company in the Peer Group means stock price appreciation from the beginning to the end of the Performance Period, including monthly reinvestment of dividends and distributions paid during the Performance Period, all as may be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the  Committee ). 
  (c)        The amount of cash that shall be earned by Participant following the completion of the Performance Period shall be determined by multiplying the Target Award by the Performance Percentage earned for the level of achievement of the performance.  Performance results between the Threshold, Target and Maximum levels will be interpolated based on actual results between the Threshold, Target and Maximum.  Any portion of the Target Award that is not payable as a result of the failure to meet the performance criteria shall immediately be forfeited.   
  (d)        The Committee shall, within a reasonably practicable time following the last day of the Performance Period (but no later than 60 days thereafter), certify the extent, if any, to which the Relative TSR metric has been achieved with respect to the Performance Period and the  

Exhibit 10.1 

amount of the Target Award, if any, earned as a result of such achievement. Such certification shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Participant, and on all other persons, to the maximum extent permitted by law. Payment in respect of the Award shall be made in cash promptly following the Committee s certification of the attainment of the Relative TSR metric, but in any event, no later than March 15   th    of the year following the year in which the Performance Period ends.  The Committee retains discretion to decrease or eliminate the amount payable to the Participant if it deems appropriate, but shall not increase the amount payable to the Participant to an amount that is higher than the amount payable under the formula described herein.   
  Section 2.        Early Termination; Change of Control  . 
  (a)        Subject to Section 2(b) below, in the event of the Participant s termination of employment prior to the end of the Performance Period due to (i) termination by the Company without Cause (as hereinafter defined) as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, (ii) Retirement (as hereinafter defined), (iii) death or (iv) Disability (as hereinafter defined), the Participant shall forfeit as of the date of termination the amount of the Target Award determined by multiplying the Target Award by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months following the date of termination to the end of the Performance Period and the denominator of which is thirty-six. The Committee shall determine the amount of Target Award forfeited, and the amount of cash to be awarded to the Participant or his beneficiary based on the achievement of the Relative TSR metric for the entire Performance Period as set forth in Sections 1(c) and (d).  In the event Participant s employment is terminated for any other reason (including voluntarily termination by Participant for any reason or termination by the Company for Cause), Participant shall forfeit, as of the date of termination, any and all right or claim to any portion of the Target Award. 
  (b)        In the event of a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), the Relative TSR metric shall no longer apply to the award and the Target Award shall be payable on the last day of the Performance Period, subject to Participant s continued employment with the Company through such date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, within one year following such Change of Control (but prior to the last day of the Performance Period), the Participant s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause, the Participant shall be entitled to receive an amount of cash equal to the Target Award as soon as administratively practical following Participant s termination, but no later than 30 days thereafter.   
  Section 3.        Forfeiture of Award  . 
  (a)        If the Participant engages in grossly negligent conduct or intentional misconduct that either (i) requires the Company s financial statements to be restated at any time beginning on the date the Award is paid to Participant and ending on the third anniversary of the end of the Performance Period or (ii) results in an increase of the amount of cash payable under the Award, then the Committee, after considering the costs and benefits to the Company of doing so, may seek recovery for the benefit of the Company of the after-tax portion of the difference between the amount of cash payable under the Award and the amount of cash that would have been received based on the restated financial statements or absent the increase described in part (ii)  

Exhibit 10.1 

above (the  Excess Value ).  All determinations regarding the value of the Award shall be made solely by the Committee in good faith. 
  (b)        The Award is also subject to any clawback policies the Company may adopt in order to conform to the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any resulting rules issued by the SEC or national securities exchanges thereunder. 
  (c)        If the Committee determines that the Participant owes any amount to the Company under Sections 3(a) or 3(b) above, the Participant shall pay to the Company, without interest, the Excess Value (or the amount recoverable under Section 3(b)).  The Participant acknowledges that the Company may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, deduct the amount owed from any amounts the Company owes the Participant from time to time for any reason (including without limitation amounts owed to the Participant as salary, wages, reimbursements or other compensation, fringe benefits, retirement benefits or vacation pay). Whether or not the Company elects to make any such set-off in whole or in part, if the Company does not recover by means of set-off the full amount the Participant owes it, the Participant hereby agrees to pay immediately the unpaid balance to the Company. 
  Section 4.        Miscellaneous  . 
  (a)        The Participant understands and acknowledges that he is one of a limited number of employees of the Company who have been selected to receive an Award and that the Award is considered confidential information. The Participant hereby covenants and agrees not to disclose the Award to any other person except (i) the Participant s immediate family and legal or financial advisors who agree to maintain the confidentiality of this Agreement, (ii) as required in connection with the administration of this Agreement as it relates to this Award or under applicable law, and (iii) to the extent the terms of this Agreement have been publicly disclosed by the Company. 
  (b)        Any payments made in connection with the Award shall be subject to withholding in respect of income and other taxes required by law to be withheld, in accordance with procedures established by the Company. 
  (c)        The authority to manage and control the operation and administration of this Agreement shall be vested in the Committee. Any interpretation of this Agreement by the Committee and any decision made by it with respect to this Agreement shall be final and binding on all persons. 
  (d)        This Award is intended to satisfy the short-term deferral exception to the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Section 409A ), and shall be interpreted, construed and administered in accordance with such exception.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Award constitutes  deferred compensation  under Section 409A and the payout of the Award is accelerated pursuant to Section 2(b), a distribution of cash payable to the Participant shall be delayed for a period of six months after the Participant s termination of employment, if the Participant is a key employee (as defined under Section 409A) and if so required pursuant to Section 409A.  If settlement of the  

Exhibit 10.1 

Award is so delayed, the Award shall be settled within 30 days of the date that is the six-month anniversary of the Participant s termination of employment. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, distributions to be made upon a termination of employment hereunder may only be made upon a  separation from service  as defined under Section 409A.  In no event shall a Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment.  
  (e)        Each notice relating to this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered in person or by mail to Gulf Island at its office, 16255 Park Ten Place, Suite 280, Houston, TX, 77084, to the attention of the Secretary or at such other address as Gulf Island may specify in writing to the Participant by a notice delivered in accordance with this Section 4(f). All notices to the Participant shall be delivered to the Participant s address on file with the Company or at such other address as the Participant may specify in writing to the Secretary by a notice delivered in accordance with this Section 4(e). 
  (f)        Neither this Agreement nor the rights of Participant hereunder shall be transferable by the Participant during his life other than by will or pursuant to applicable laws of descent and distribution. No rights or privileges of the Participant in connection herewith shall be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated by Participant or by any other person in any way, whether by operation of law, or otherwise, and shall not be subject to execution, attachment, garnishment or similar process. In the event of any such occurrence, this Agreement shall automatically be terminated and shall thereafter be null and void. 
  (g)        Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employment of the Company, or to interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment relationship with the Company at any time. 
  (h)        This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.  For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by the grant of the Award or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of     Harris County, Texas, or the federal courts for the United States for the Southern District of Texas, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. [Note: Governing law should be jurisdiction where employee is domiciled (LA or TX)] 
  (i)        If any term or provision of this Agreement, shall at any time or to any extent be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect as written, the Participant and Gulf Island intend for any court construing this Agreement to modify or limit such provision so as to render it valid and enforceable to the fullest extent allowed by law. Any such provision that is not susceptible of such reformation shall be ignored so as to not affect any other term or provision hereof, and the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such term or provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby and each term and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
  (j)        To the extent the Committee determines an Award is payable to a Participant, Gulf Island s obligation under this Agreement will be an unsecured promise to pay benefits.  The Participant or any successor in interest shall be and remain a general creditor of Gulf Island in  

Exhibit 10.1 

the same manner as any other creditor having a general claim for matured and unpaid compensation. 
  (k)        Gulf Island may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents contemplated herein by electronic means. 
  (l)        The Participant acknowledges that a waiver by Gulf Island of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Participant. 
  Section 5.        Defined Terms  .  As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 
  (a)         Cause  shall mean any of the following: (i) the commission by the Participant of an illegal act (other than traffic violations or misdemeanors punishable solely by the payment of a fine), (ii) the engagement of the Participant in dishonest or unethical conduct, as determined by the Committee or its designee, (iii) the commission by the Participant of any fraud, theft, embezzlement, or misappropriation of funds, (iv) the failure of the Participant to carry out a directive of his superior, employer or principal, or (v) the breach of the Participant of the terms of his engagement. 
  (b)         Change in Control  means: 
  (A)        the acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) (a  Person ) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of 30% or more of the outstanding shares of common stock, or 30% or more of the combined voting power of,  the Company s then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; provided, however, that for purposes of this definition, the following will not constitute a Change in Control: 
  (1)        any acquisition (other than a  Business Combination,  as defined below, that constitutes a Change of Control) of common stock directly from the Company, 
  (2)        any acquisition of common stock by the Company or its subsidiaries, 
  (3)        any acquisition of common stock by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation or other entity controlled by the Company, or 
  (4)        any acquisition of common stock pursuant to a Business Combination that does not constitute a Change in Control; or 
  (B)        individuals who as of the effective date of this Agreement, constitute the Board (the  Incumbent Board ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director  

Exhibit 10.1 

subsequent to the effective date of this Agreement whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board will be considered a member of the Incumbent Board, unless such individual s initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Incumbent Board; or 
  (C)        the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation (including any such transaction involving any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company), or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (a  Business Combination ), in each case, unless, immediately following such Business Combination: 
  (1)        all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the outstanding common stock of the Company and the Company s voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination have direct or indirect beneficial ownership, respectively, of more than 50% of the then outstanding shares of common stock, and more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (which for purposes of this paragraph (1) and paragraphs (2) and (3), shall include a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of its assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries); and 
  (2)        except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination and any employee benefit plan or related trust of the Company, the corporation resulting from the Business Combination, or any subsidiary of either corporation) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly,  25% or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or 25% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation, and 
  (3)        (i) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from the Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, and of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or (ii) shareholders of the Company approve a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
  (c)         Disability  means (i) the Participant has a disability that would entitle him or her to receive benefits under the Company s long-term disability insurance policy in effect at that time either because he or she is Totally Disabled or Partially Disabled as such terms are defined in such policy, or (ii) if the Company has no long-term disability plan in effect, then the Company shall have the power to determine that the Participant is Disabled if:  (A) the Participant is rendered incapable, because of physical or mental illness, of satisfactorily discharging the duties and responsibilities associated with such Participant s job title or  

Exhibit 10.1 

otherwise delegated to such Participant by the Company for a period of four consecutive months, or five months out of any six consecutive months, and (B) a duly qualified physician acceptable to the Company so certifies in writing.   
  (d)         Retirement  is defined as the voluntary termination of employment from the Company or any of its subsidiaries at or after age 65 with at least five years of service.   

Exhibit 10.1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered on the day and year first above written. 
    
  GULF ISLAND FABRICATION, INC. 
    
                   By: 

Name: 

Title: 

{Insert name} 
        
    Award Recipient 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31>
 3
 gifi-09302016xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31 
  Certifications 
  I, Kirk J. Meche, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016    
                 
      /s/ Kirk J. Meche 
      Kirk J. Meche 
      President, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 gifi-09302016xex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  Certification Furnished Pursuant to 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, who are the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           1. 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2. 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

By: 
      
    /s/ Kirk J. Meche 

Kirk J. Meche 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

November 2, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. and will be retained by Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 gifi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gifi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gifi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gifi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gifi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gifi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

