<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1580808_0001580808-16-000111_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6626906</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>425355</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>324544</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2388869</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2448032</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>895460</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001580808-16-000111.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103164525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001580808-16-000111
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			A10 Networks, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580808
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		IRS NUMBER:				201446869
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36343
		FILM NUMBER:		161972319

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 WEST PLUMERIA DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(408) 325-8668

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 WEST PLUMERIA DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001580808-16-000111.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 a10-q09302016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                      to                  
  Commission file number: 001-36343 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware 
      
    20-1446869 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
        
  3 West Plumeria Drive 
  San Jose, California 
      
    95134 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(408) 325-8668 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                               Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
      
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No     x 
  As of   October 28, 2016  , the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value   $0.00001   per share, was   67,205,810  .  

A10 Networks, Inc. 
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
  For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
              
    Page 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    2 
        
   Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited):  
    2 
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    2 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    3 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 
        
   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 
        
   Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    21 
        
   Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    33 
        
   Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    33 
        
   PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
    35 
        
   Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    35 
        
   Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    35 
        
   Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    58 
        
   Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    58 
        
   Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    59 
        
   Item 5. Other Information  
    59 
        
   Item 6. Exhibits  
    60 
        
   Signatures  
    61 
        
   Exhibit Index  
    62 

1 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (unaudited, in thousands, except par value) 

See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (unaudited, in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (unaudited, in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

A10 NETWORKS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (unaudited, in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   5 

A10 Networks, Inc.  
    
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (unaudited) 

1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Description of Business 
    
  A10 Networks, Inc. (together with our subsidiaries, the  Company ,  we ,  our  or  us ) was incorporated in California in   2004   and reincorporated in   Delaware   in March 2014. We are headquartered in San Jose, California and have wholly-owned subsidiaries throughout the world including Asia and Europe. Our solutions enable enterprises, service providers, Web giants and government organizations to accelerate, secure and optimize the performance of their data center applications and secure their users, applications and infrastructure from internet, web and network threats at scale. We offer four software based advanced application networking and network security solutions to address end-customer needs, including Application Delivery Controllers ("ADC") to optimize web and back-office application performance, Carrier Grade Network Address Translation ("CGN") to provide network address, protocol translation services for service provider networks, Threat Protection System ("TPS") for network-wide multi-vector DDoS security protection and Convergent Firewall ("CFW") for protecting data centers and mobile infrastructure, improving web security, and encrypting site-to-site communications. Our solutions are cloud-ready and available, in a variety of form factors such as optimized hardware appliances, in the cloud as software, and as virtual appliances. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of A10 Networks, Inc., and our wholly owned subsidiaries. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and following the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim reporting. As permitted under those rules, certain notes or other financial information that are normally required by U.S. GAAP can be condensed or omitted. These financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as our annual financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments that are necessary for a fair presentation of our financial information. The results of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016   or for any other interim period or for any other future year. The balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   has been derived from audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. 
    
  The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Those estimates and assumptions affect revenue recognition and deferred revenue, allowance for doubtful accounts, sales return reserve, valuation of inventory, fair value of marketable securities, contingencies and litigation, acquisition purchase price allocations, accrued liabilities, and determination of fair value of stock-based compensation. These estimates are based on information available as of the date of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements; therefore, actual results could differ from management s estimates. 
    
  Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  The following are changes to our significant accounting policies as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  Marketable securities 
    
  We classify our investments in debt and equity securities as available-for-sale and record these investments at fair value. Investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase are considered cash equivalents, while all other investments are classified as current assets (included in marketable securities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets) based on their availability for use in current operations. Unrealized gains or losses are reported in accumulated  
  
   6 

other comprehensive loss, net of taxes, in stockholders  equity. Realized gains and losses are determined based on the specific identification method, and are reflected in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Realized gains or losses and charges for other-than-temporary declines in value, if any, on marketable securities are reported in interest income and other income (expense), net as incurred.  
    
  We regularly review our investment portfolio to identify and evaluate investments that have indicators of possible impairment. Investments are considered impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to be other-than-temporary. If the cost of an individual investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, and our intent and ability to hold the investment. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, we will record an impairment charge and establish a new cost basis in the investment.  
    
  Goodwill 
    
  Goodwill is measured as the excess of consideration transferred and the net of the acquisition date fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business acquisition. Goodwill is not amortized for accounting purposes. We review goodwill for possible impairment annually in the fourth quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate its carrying amount may not be recoverable. For annual goodwill impairment test in all periods to date, we operate under one reporting unit and the fair value of our reporting unit has been determined by our enterprise value.  
  When assessing goodwill for impairment, we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary. If, as a result of its qualitative assessment, it is more-likely-than-not (i.e. greater than 50% chance) that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test will be required. Otherwise, no further testing will be required. 
  Examples of events and circumstances that might indicate that a reporting unit s fair value is less than the carrying amount include macro-economic conditions such as (i) a significant adverse change in customer demand or a severe deterioration in the entity s operating environment and market conditions; (ii) entity-specific events such as increasing costs, declining financial performance, or loss of key personnel; or (iii) other events such as an expectation that a reporting unit will be sold or there will be a sustained decrease in the stock price on either an absolute basis or relative to peers. 
    
  If it is determined, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we perform a two-step impairment test on goodwill. The first step requires the identification of the reporting units and comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit with our carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than our carrying value, an indication of goodwill impairment exists for the reporting unit, and the second step of the impairment test is performed to compute the amount of the impairment. Under the second step, an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill. 
    
  Intangible Assets 
    
  Intangible assets consist primarily of developed technology, patents and acquired customer relationships resulting from acquisitions. Intangible assets are recorded at fair value and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from five to ten years. 
    
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
    
  We periodically evaluate whether changes have occurred that would render our long-lived assets not recoverable. If such circumstances arise, we use an estimate of the undiscounted value of expected future operating cash flows to determine whether the long-lived assets are impaired. If the aggregate undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the assets, the resulting impairment charge to be recorded is calculated based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over the fair value of such assets, with the fair value generally determined based on an estimate of discounted future cash flows. 
    
  Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers 
    
  Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and accounts receivable. Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are invested in high-credit quality financial instruments maintained with banks and financial institutions. Management believes that the financial institutions that hold our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are financially sound and, accordingly, are subject to  
  
   7 

minimal credit risk. In some instances, deposits held with banks and financial institutions may be in excess of insured limits provided on such deposits. 
    
  Our accounts receivable are unsecured and represent amounts due to us based on contractual obligations of our customers. We mitigate credit risk in respect to accounts receivable by performing periodic credit evaluations of our customers to assess the probability of accounts receivable collection based on a number of factors, including past transaction experience with the customer, evaluation of their credit history, limiting the credit extended and review of the invoicing terms of the contract.  
    
  Significant customers, including distribution channel partners and direct customers, are those which represent more than 10% of our total revenue for each period presented or our gross accounts receivable balance as of each respective balance sheet date. Revenue from our significant customers as a percentage of our total revenue for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

* represents less than 10% of total revenue 
    
   As of   September 30, 2016  ,   one   distribution channel partner (Customer A) accounted for   22%   of our total gross accounts receivable. As of   December 31, 2015  ,   no   customer accounted for 10% or more of our total gross accounts receivable. 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
    
  In February 2016, the   Financial Accounting Standards Board ("  FASB") issued Accounting Standard Update ("ASU") No. 2016-02,   Leases     (Topic 842).   This new accounting standard   primarily requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets but record expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current accounting. For lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. The guidance is effective   for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018   with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   The new guidance requires the recognition of the income tax effects of awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled, thus eliminating additional paid in capital pools. The guidance also allows for the employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting. In addition, the guidance allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than on an estimated basis. This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods of public entities beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our financial statements. 
    
  In March and April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)   and ASU No. 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.   These accounting updates provide supplemental adoption guidance and clarification to ASC No. 2014-09   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . ASU No. 2016-08 and ASU No. 2016-10 must be adopted concurrently with the adoption of ASU 2014-09. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09, ASU No. 2016-08 and ASU No. 2016-10 on our financial statements. 
    
  There have been no other recent accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting pronouncements during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to the recent accounting pronouncements described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , that are of significance or potential significance to us. 

8 

2. Marketable Securities and Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Marketable Securities 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the estimated fair value of our marketable securities, classified as available for sale, are as follows (in thousands): 

For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , realized gains were immaterial. During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we did not reclassify any amount to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income related to unrealized gains or losses. We did not have any marketable securities as of December 31, 2015. 
    
  The following table summarizes the cost and estimated fair value of marketable securities based on contractual  maturities as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

All available-for-sale securities have been classified as current, based on management's ability to use the funds in current operations.  
    
  Marketable securities in an unrealized loss position as of   September 30, 2016   consisted of the following (in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , no marketable securities were in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than twelve months. We do not intend to sell any of these investments, and it is not more likely than not that we would be required to sell these investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. As a result, there is no other-than-temporary impairment for these marketable securities as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Fair Value Measurements 
    
  Our financial instruments consist of cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities are stated at their carrying value, which approximates fair value due to the short time to the expected receipt or payment. Our cash equivalents, which include money market funds, are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Marketable securities are comprised of  
  
   9 

certificates of deposit, corporate securities, commercial paper and asset-backed securities and we measure the fair value at the measurement date using the three-tier fair value hierarchy as described below.  
    
  Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair values. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or an exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The authoritative guidance for measuring fair value establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements as follows: 
    
  Level 1 -   Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
    
  Our Level 1 assets consist of highly liquid money market funds that are included in cash and cash equivalents. 
    
  Level 2 -   Inputs are observable, quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities; 
    
  Our Level 2 assets consist of certificates of deposit, corporate securities, commercial paper and asset-backed securities.  
    
  Level 3   - Unobservable inputs that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities that are supported by little or no market data. 
    
  We did not have any Level 3 assets or liabilities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurement categories during the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The following is a summary of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): 

10 

3. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statement Details 
    
  Inventory 

Property and Equipment, net 

Depreciation expense on property and equipment was   $1.9 million   and   $2.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $5.6 million   and   $6.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
    
  Activity related to goodwill for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   is as follows (in thousands): 

Purchased intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Amortization expense related to purchased intangible assets was   $0.3 million   and   $33,000   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $0.4 million   and   $0.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. Purchased intangible assets are amortized over a remaining weighted average useful life of   4.9   years.  

11 

Total future amortization expense for purchased intangible assets as of   September 30, 2016   is as follows (in thousands):    

Accrued Liabilities 

Deferred Revenue   

4. Credit Facilities    
    
  In September 2013, we entered into a credit agreement (the  2013 Credit Facility ) with Royal Bank of Canada, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A. as lenders. The 2013 Credit Facility provided a   three  -year,   $35.0 million  , revolving credit facility, which included a maximum   $10.0 million   letter of credit facility. We were required to pay quarterly facility fees of   0.45%   per annum on the average daily unused portion of the revolving credit facility. We had   no   outstanding borrowings under the 2013 Credit Facility as of   December 31, 2015   or for any period during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The 2013 Credit Facility expired on September 30, 2016. 
    
  In November 2016, we entered into a loan and security agreement (the  2016 Credit Facility ) with Silicon Valley Bank ("SVB"), as lender. The 2016 Credit Facility provides a   three  -year,   $25.0 million   revolving credit facility, which includes a maximum of   $25.0 million   letter of credit facility. The loans bear interest, at our option, at (i) the prime rate reported in The Wall Street Journal, minus   0.50%   or (ii) a LIBOR rate determined in accordance with the 2016 Credit Facility, plus   2.50%  . We are required to pay customary closing fees, commitment fees and letter of credit fees for a facility of this size and type. 

12 

Our obligations under the 2016 Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our assets, excluding our intellectual property. The 2016 Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants. Through the date of this filing, we had   no   outstanding balance under the 2016 Credit Facility and were in compliance with all facility covenants. 

5. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Legal Proceedings 
    
  From time to time, we may be party or subject to various legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings and claims that relate to intellectual property matters. Some of these proceedings involve claims that are subject to substantial uncertainties and unascertainable damages. Accordingly, except as disclosed, we have not established reserves or ranges of possible loss related to these proceedings, as at this time in the proceedings, if any, the matters do not relate to a probable loss and/or amounts cannot be reasonably estimated. 
    
  On January 29, 2015, the Company, the members of our Board of Directors, our Chief Financial Officer, and the underwriters of our March 21, 2014 initial public offering ("IPO") were named as defendants in a putative class action lawsuit alleging violations of the federal Securities Act of 1933 filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Santa Clara, captioned   City of Warren Police and Fire Retirement System v. A10 Networks, Inc., et al.,   1-15-CV-276207.  Several substantially identical lawsuits were subsequently filed in the same court, bringing the same claims against the same defendants, captioned   Arkansas Teacher Retirement System v. A10 Networks, Inc., et al.,   1-15-CV-278575 (filed March 25, 2015) and   Kaveny v. A10 Networks, Inc., et al.,   1-15-CV-279006 (filed April 6, 2015).  On May 29, 2015, the aforementioned putative class actions were consolidated under the caption   In re A10 Networks, Inc. Shareholder Litigation,   1-15-CV-276207.   
    
   On April 6, 2016, all parties entered into a memorandum of understanding reflecting an agreement in principle to settle all claims against all defendants asserted in the action and providing that we will make a payment of   $0.8 million  , net of the expected proceeds of insurance policies. The parties subsequently executed a stipulation of settlement, dated June 30, 2016, and filed a motion with the Court seeking preliminary approval of the settlement, which was granted on September 15, 2016.  The payment was made in October 2016. The final fairness hearing is scheduled to be heard on January 13, 2017. The settlement releases all claims asserted against all defendants and includes the dismissal of all claims against all defendants without any liability or wrongdoing attributed to them. The settlement remains subject to stockholder notice, final court approval and other customary conditions. 
    
  On June 24, 2015, our directors and certain of our officers were named as defendants in a putative derivative lawsuit filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Santa Clara, captioned   Hornung v. Chen, et al.  , 1-15-CV-282286 (the  Derivative Action ).  We were also named as a nominal defendant. The complaint seeks to allege breaches of fiduciary duties and other related claims, arising out of allegations that our officers and directors caused us to infringe patents and intellectual property, improperly approved the settlement of prior litigation, failed to adopt and implement effective internal controls, and caused us to issue false and misleading statements in connection with our IPO. Plaintiff seeks unspecified compensatory damages and other equitable relief. On May 24, 2016, all parties entered into a memorandum of understanding reflecting an agreement in principle to settle all claims against all defendants asserted in the action, which provides that we implement certain corporate governance measures following final settlement approval. The parties subsequently executed a stipulation of settlement, dated August 26, 2016, and filed a motion with the Court seeking preliminary approval of the settlement. On October 20, 2016, the Court issued an order continuing to November 18, 2016 on the motion for preliminary approval, to allow plaintiff to submit certain supplemental briefing. The settlement releases all claims asserted against all defendants and includes the dismissal of all claims against all defendants without any liability or wrongdoing attributed to them.  The settlement remains subject to execution of a formal settlement agreement, court approval and other customary conditions.  
    
  Lease Obligations and Other Commitments 
    
  We lease various operating spaces in the United States, Asia, and Europe under non-cancelable operating lease arrangements that expire on various dates through   April 2020  . These arrangements require us to pay certain operating expenses, such as taxes, repairs, and insurance and contain renewal and escalation clauses. We recognize rent expense under these arrangements on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
    
  We have entered into agreements with some of our customers and channel partners that contain indemnification provisions in the event of claims alleging that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party. Other  
  
   13 

guarantees or indemnification arrangements include guarantees of product and service performance and standby letters of credit for lease facilities and corporate credit cards. We have not recorded a liability related to the indemnification and guarantee provisions and our guarantees and indemnification arrangements have not had any significant impact on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements to date. 

6. Appcito Acquisition 
    
   On June 23, 2016, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with Appcito, Inc. ( Appcito ), a privately held company engaged in providing a unified set of services for applications deployed on cloud infrastructure with facilities located in Santa Clara, California and Bangalore, India. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Appcito. This acquisition enhances our position as a comprehensive secure application services leader, and it represents a strategic step in our vision to help our customers become more secure and agile as they bridge traditional and cloud application environments. 
    
  The total purchase consideration was   $6.5 million  . The fair value of the total purchase consideration was   $6.3 million  , which consisted of   $5.0 million   in cash consideration, less a holdback of   $0.7 million   to cover any indemnification claims within twelve months of the acquisition date, and   227,404   unregistered shares of our common stock with an aggregated fair value of   $1.3 million  . We allocated the total purchase consideration to the net assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, based on their respective fair values at the acquisition date.  
    
  The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of the assets acquired (in thousands): 

Developed technology is amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of   five years  . Goodwill of   $1.2 million   was recognized as part of this acquisition is attributable primarily to the expected synergies and other benefits from this acquisition including adding to our existing momentum around providing secure application service solutions that meet several key demands like application analytics, visibility, and centralized control. The acquisition is expected to introduce secure application service offerings that span traditional data centers, private clouds, public clouds, and hybrid clouds. 
    
  We incurred approximately   $0.2 million   in legal, accounting and other professional fees related to this acquisition, all of which were expensed during the three months ended June 30, 2016. 
    
  We do not consider the acquisition of Appcito to be material to our results of operations or financial position, and therefore, we are not presenting pro-forma financial information of the combined operations. 
    
  This acquisition was taxable for income tax purposes, and the acquired assets have been recorded at fair value for both book and income tax purposes. Therefore, no deferred taxes have been recorded. The goodwill of   $1.2 million   and the   $0.2 million   of acquisition costs are capitalized and amortized over   15 years   for income tax purposes. 

7. Equity Incentive Plans and Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  Equity Incentive Plans  
    
  2014 Equity Incentive Plan  
    
  Our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2014 Plan") was adopted by our Board of Directors and approved by our stockholders in March 2014. The 2014 Plan provides for the granting of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance units and performance shares to our employees, directors and consultants. In addition, effective as of June 10, 2015, our Board of Directors adopted and our stockholders approved an amendment and restatement of our 2014 Plan, which increased the number of shares available for issuance under the 2014 Plan by the number of shares available from the 2008 Stock Plan (the "2008 Plan") that were or may in the future be canceled or otherwise forfeited or repurchased by us after March 20, 2014. A maximum of   8,310,566   shares may become available from the 2008 Plan for issuance under the 2014 Plan.     
  
   14 

As of   December 31, 2015  , we had   3,364,304   shares available for future grant. Annually, the shares authorized for the 2014 Plan will increase by the least of (i)   8,000,000   shares, (ii)   5%   of the outstanding shares of common stock on the last day of our immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such other amount as determined by our Board of Directors. On January 1, 2016, the number of shares in the 2014 Plan was increased by   4,851,535   shares, which consisted of   3,211,211   shares, representing   5%   of the prior year end s common stock outstanding and   1,640,324   shares for awards under our 2008 Plan that had been canceled, forfeited or repurchased by us between March 21, 2014 and December 31, 2015.  
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we granted   672,000   stock options and   4,272,388   stock awards under the 2014 Plan to our employees, directors and consultants. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   4,312,753   shares available for future grant, excluding shares eligible to be added from the 2008 Plan as a result of awards that have been canceled, forfeited or repurchased by us after December 31, 2015. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   243,546   shares of our common stock had been added to the 2014 Plan share reserve which represents awards under our 2008 Plan that have been canceled, forfeited or repurchased by us during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
    
  The 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "2014 Purchase Plan") was adopted by our Board of Directors and approved by our stockholders in March 2014. 
    
  As of   December 31, 2015  , we had   542,030   shares available for future purchase. Under the provisions of the 2014 Purchase Plan, on the first day of each fiscal year, starting with January 1, 2015, the number of shares in the reserve will increase by the lesser of (i)   3,500,000   shares, (ii)   1%   of the outstanding shares of our common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such other amount as determined by our Board of Directors or other committee administering the 2014 Purchase Plan. On January 1, 2016, the common shares reserved for future purchase was increased by   642,242   shares in accordance with the provisions of the 2014 Purchase Plan. In June 2016, our Board of Directors adopted, and our stockholders approved an amendment to our 2014 Purchase Plan which removed the automatic annual share increase and increased the number of shares available for issuance under the 2014 Purchase Plan by   4,000,000   shares.   
    
  Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  The following tables summarize the allocation of the stock-based compensation expense (in thousands): 

__________________________________________ 
  
   15 

(1) 
    Our 2014 Purchase Plan provides twenty-four month offering periods which consist of four six-month purchase periods. We record periodic stock-based compensation expense based on estimated contributions determined at the beginning of each offering period and record purchase adjustments for the difference between the estimated and actual contributions at the end of each purchase period. For the purchase period ended on May 20, 2016, the actual contributions were significantly lower than the estimated contributions due to lower stock price which caused more employees to reach the maximum purchase contribution limit. 

As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $30.9 million   of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock-based awards which will be recognized over a weighted average period of   2.6   years. 
    
  Determination of Fair Value  
    
  We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the grant date fair value of stock options and stock purchases and generally recognize stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
    
  The determination of the fair value on the date of grant is affected by the estimated underlying common stock price, as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rates, and expected dividends. 
    
  The fair value of the stock options and employee stock purchases were determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and assumptions discussed below. Each of these inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgment to determine. 
    
      Expected Term  .   We estimate the expected life of options based on an analysis of our historical experience of employee exercise and post-vesting termination behavior considered in relation to the contractual life of the option. The expected term for the 2014 Purchase Plan is based on the term of the purchase period. 
    
      Risk-Free Interest Rate  .   The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected terms of stock options and shares to be issued under the 2014 Purchase Plan. 
    
      Expected Volatility  .   Due to the limited trading history of our own common stock, we determined the share price volatility factor based on a combination of the historical volatility of our own common stock and the historical volatility of our peer group. 
    
      Dividend Rate  .   The expected dividend was assumed to be zero as we have never paid dividends and have no current plans to do so. 
    
  The grant date fair value of RSUs that have time or performance based vesting conditions contingent upon meeting financial and operational targets are equal to the closing market price of our common stock on the grant date. 
    
  We estimate the grant date fair value of RSUs that have market based vesting conditions using the Monte Carlo simulation method. 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  The following tables summarize our stock option activities and related information (in thousands, except for years and per share amounts): 
  
   16 

__________________________________________ 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate intrinsic value represents the excess of the closing price of our common stock of   $10.69   over the exercise price of the outstanding in-the-money options.           

We did not grant stock options during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  The estimated grant-date fair value of our stock options issued to employees was calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, based on the following assumptions: 

Stock Awards 
    
  We have granted time-based stock awards ("RSUs") to our employees, directors and consultants and performance-based stock awards ("PSUs") and market performance-based stock awards ("MSUs") to certain company executives. 
  
   17 

The following table summarizes our stock award activities (in thousands): 

In February 2016, we granted   547,000   PSUs with certain financial and operational targets. These PSUs are also subject to service condition vesting requirements with   25%   of the eligible PSUs scheduled to vest on each of the first, second, third and fourth year anniversary of the PSU grant date. 
    
  We granted MSUs covering   540,000   shares and   40,000   shares of our common stock to certain executives during 2014 and 2015, all of which were outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . These MSUs will vest if the closing price of our common stock remains above certain predetermined target prices for   20   consecutive trading days within a   4  -year period following the award s grant date, subject to continued service by the award holder. 
    
  The aggregate intrinsic value is the amount that would have been received by the unit holders had all RSUs been vested and released on   September 30, 2016  . This amount will fluctuate based on the fair market value of our stock. As of   September 30, 2016  , the aggregated intrinsic value for RSUs, MSUs and PSUs was   $64.6 million   with a weighted-average remaining service period of   2.8   years. 
    
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
    
  Employees purchased   552,554   shares at an average price of   $3.88   and   542,102   shares at an average price of   $3.45   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   4,317,184   shares were available for future issuance under the 2014 Purchase Plan. The intrinsic value of shares purchased during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $1.3 million   and   $1.4 million  , respectively. The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the market value on the date of purchase and the purchase price of the shares.   
    
  We did not grant employee stock purchase rights during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
    
  The fair value of the employee stock purchase rights granted was estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Stock Repurchase Program 
    
  On October 27, 2016, we announced that our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to   $20.0 million   of our common stock over the next   12   months. Under the repurchase authorization, shares may be purchased from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other means. The repurchase authorization may be commenced, suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. 

18 

8. Net Loss Per Share  
    
  The following table sets forth the computation of our basic and diluted net loss per share (in thousands, except per share data):  

The following weighted-average outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share because including them would have been antidilutive (in thousands): 

9. Income Taxes 
    
   We recorded income tax expense of   $0.3 million   and   $0.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, and   $0.6 million   and   $0.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively, which primarily consisted of foreign taxes. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities in the financial statements and their respective tax bases using tax rates expected to be in effect during the years in which the basis differences reverse. 
    
  We believe it is more likely than not that our federal and state net deferred tax assets will not be fully realized. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. A valuation allowance is recorded for loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets where it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance against all of our U.S. and certain foreign net deferred tax assets as of   September 30, 2016  . We will continue to maintain a full valuation allowance against our net federal, state and certain foreign deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support recoverability of our deferred tax assets. 
    
  We had   $3.0 million   and   $2.6 million   of unrecognized tax benefits as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  We do not anticipate a material change to our unrecognized tax benefits over the next twelve months. Unrecognized tax benefits may change during the next twelve months for items that arise in the ordinary course of business. 
    
  Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as part of our income tax provision in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. All tax years remain open and are subject to future examinations by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. We are not under examination in any jurisdiction. 

19 

10. Segment Information 
    
  Our chief operating decision maker is our Chief Executive Officer who reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis, accompanied by disaggregated information about revenue by geographic region for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. Accordingly, we have a single reportable segment and operating segment. 
    
  The following table represents revenue by geographic areas based on customers' location, as determined by their ship to addresses (in thousands): 

No other geographic regions comprised   10%   or greater of our revenue for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  . 
    
  Our property and equipment, net is primarily located in the United States. No other geographic regions comprise   10%   or more of our property and equipment, net as of   September 30, 2016  .  

11. Related-Party Transactions 
    
  An affiliate of one of our significant stockholders is also acting as a reseller of our products. On May 27, 2015, the significant stockholder reduced its ownership of our common stock, and ceased to be a related party.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we recognized   $2.2 million   of revenue from this reseller while it was a related party.  

20 

ITEM 2.  
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
       
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words  believe,   may,   will,   potentially,   estimate,   continue,   anticipate,   intend,   could,   would,   project,   plan   expect,  and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
  These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
             
    our ability to maintain an adequate rate of revenue growth; 
                
    our ability to successfully anticipate market needs and opportunities; 
                
    our business plan and our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
                
    costs associated with defending intellectual property infringement and other claims; 
                
    our ability to attract and retain end-customers; 
                
    loss or delay of expected purchases by our largest end-customers; 
                
    our ability to further penetrate our existing customer base; 
                
    our ability to displace existing products in established markets; 
                
    our ability to expand our leadership position in next-generation application delivery and server load balancing solutions; 
                
    continued growth in markets relating to network security; 
                
    our ability to timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing technology; 
                
    our ability to innovate new products and bring them to market in a timely manner; 
                
    our ability to expand internationally; 
                
    the effects of increased competition in our market and our ability to compete effectively; 
                
    the effects of seasonal trends on our results of operations; 
                
    our expectations concerning relationships with third parties; 
                
    the attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel; 
                
    our ability to achieve or maintain profitability while continuing to invest in our sales, marketing and research and development teams;  
                
    variations in product mix or geographic locations of our sales; 
                
    fluctuations in currency exchange rates;  
                
    increased cost requirements of being a public company and future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets; 
                
     the cost and potential outcomes of existing and future litigation; 
                
    our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand and intellectual property; and 
                
    future acquisitions of or investments in complementary companies, products, services or technologies. 
     These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for     our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
  You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking  
  
   21 

statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 

Overview 
    
  We are a leading provider of application networking and network security technologies. Our solutions enable enterprises, service providers, Web giants and government organizations to accelerate, secure and optimize the performance of their data center applications and secure their users, applications and infrastructure from internet, web and network threats at scale. Our products are built on our Advanced Core Operating System ("ACOS") platform of advanced network technologies, which is designed to enable our products to deliver substantially greater performance and security relative to prior generation application networking products. Our software based ACOS architecture also provides the flexibility that enables us to expand our business to offer additional products to solve a growing array of networking and security challenges arising from increased Internet cloud and mobile computing. 
    
  We currently offer four software based advanced application networking and network security solutions to address end-customer needs, including Application Delivery Controllers ("ADC") to optimize web and back-office application performance, Carrier Grade Network Address Translation ("CGN") to provide network address and protocol translation services for service provider networks, Threat Protection System ("TPS") for network-wide multi-vector DDoS security protection, and   Convergent Firewall ("CFW") for protecting data centers and mobile infrastructure, improving web security, and encrypting site-to-site communications. Our solutions are cloud-ready and available in a variety of form factors as optimized hardware appliances, in the cloud as software, and as virtual appliances. 
    
  We derive revenue from sales of products and related support services. Products revenue is generated primarily by sales of hardware appliances with perpetual licenses to our embedded software solutions. We also derive revenue from licenses 
  to, or subscription services for, software-only versions of our solutions. We generate services revenue primarily from sales of maintenance and support contracts. Our end-customers predominantly purchase maintenance and support in conjunction with purchases of our products. In addition, we also derive revenues from the sale of professional services. 
    
  We sell our products globally to service providers and enterprises that depend on data center applications and networks to generate revenue and manage operations efficiently. Our end-customers operate in a variety of industries, including telecommunications, technology, industrial, retail, financial, education and government. Since inception, our customer base has grown rapidly. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had sold products to approximately   5,000   customers across   82   countries. 
    
  We sell substantially all of our solutions through our high-touch sales organization as well as distribution channel partners, including distributors, value added resellers and system integrators, and fulfill nearly all orders globally through such partners. We believe this sales approach allows us to obtain the benefits of channel distribution, such as expanding our market coverage, while still maintaining face-to-face relationships with our end-customers. We outsource the manufacturing of our hardware products to original design manufacturers. We perform quality assurance and testing at our San Jose, Taiwan and Japan distribution centers, as well as at our manufacturers  locations.  
    
  During the first nine months of 2016,   51%   of our total revenue was generated from the United States,   23%   from Japan, and   26%   from other geographical regions. During the first nine months of 2015,   53%   of our total revenue was generated from the United States,   17%   from Japan, and   30%   from other geographical regions. Our enterprise customers accounted for   57%   and   58%   of our total revenue during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our service provider customers accounted for   43%   and   42%   of our total revenue during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
    
  As a result of the nature of our target market and the current stage of our development, a substantial portion of our revenue comes from a limited number of large end-customers, including service providers, in any period. Purchases from our ten largest end-customers accounted for   38%   and   30%   of our total revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Sales to these large end-customers have typically been characterized by large but irregular purchases with long sales cycles. The timing of these purchases and the delivery of the purchased products are difficult to predict. As a consequence, any acceleration or delay in anticipated product purchases, by or deliveries to, our largest end customers could materially impact our revenue and operating results in any quarterly period. This may cause our quarterly revenue and operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and make them difficult to predict. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $31.4 million   of cash and cash equivalents and   $85.4 million   of marketable securities. Cash provided by operating activities was   $21.8 million   during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to   $7.6 million   during the same period of 2015.  
  
   22 

We intend to continue to invest for long-term growth. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in our product development efforts to deliver new products and additional features in our current products to address customer needs. In addition, we expect to continue to expand our global sales and marketing organizations, expand our distribution channel partner programs and increase awareness of our solutions on a global basis. Additionally, we will be investing in general and administrative resources to meet the requirements to operate as a public company. Our investments in growth in these areas may affect our short-term profitability. 

Results of Operations 
    
  The following table provides a summary of our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

23 

Revenue 
    
  Our products revenue primarily consists of revenue from sales of our hardware appliances upon which our software is installed. Such software includes our ACOS software platform plus one of our ADC, CGN, TPS, and CFW solutions. Purchase of a hardware appliance includes a perpetual license to the included software. We recognize products revenue at the time of shipment, provided that all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. As a percentage of revenue, our products revenue may vary from quarter to quarter based on, among other things, the timing of orders and delivery of products, cyclicality and seasonality, changes in currency exchange rates and the impact of significant transactions with unique terms and conditions. 
    
  We generate services revenue from sales of post contract support, or PCS, which is bundled with sales of products and professional services. We offer tiered PCS services under renewable, fee-based PCS contracts, primarily including technical support, hardware repair and replacement parts, and software upgrades on a when-and-if-released basis. We recognize services revenue ratably over the term of the PCS contract, which is typically one year, but can be up to five years.  

24 

A summary of our total revenue is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Total revenue increased by   $4.3 million  , or   8%  , during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period of  2015. This increase was comprised of a   $0.3 million   increase in products revenue and a   $4.0 million   increase in services revenue. Total revenue increased primarily due to higher revenue from enterprise and service provider customers by   3%   and   17%  , respectively, during the   third   quarter of   2016   as compared to the same period of   2015  . 
    
  Total revenue increased by   $23.7 million  , or   17%  , during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. This increase was comprised of an   $11.6 million   increase in products revenue and a   $12.1 million   increase in services revenue. Revenue from enterprise and service provider customers increased   15%   and   19%  , respectively, during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015.  
    
  Products revenue increased by   $0.3 million  , or   1%  , during the   third   quarter of   2016   as compared to the same period of 2015 as the products revenue increase from Japan was partially offset by the products revenue decrease from the United States, Asia Pacific excluding Japan and EMEA. Products revenue increased by   $11.6 million  , or   12%  , during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to the products revenue increase from Japan, the United States and Asia Pacific excluding Japan, partially offset by the products revenue decrease from EMEA.   
  
   25 

Services revenue increased by   $4.0 million  , or   25%  , and   $12.1 million  , or   28%  , during the third quarter and the first  nine months of 2016 as compared to the same periods of 2015. The services revenue increase during the   third   quarter and the first   nine   months of   2016   was primarily due to the increase in PCS sales in connection with our increasing installed customer base as well as an increase in our professional services revenue. During the first   nine   months of   2016  , services revenue recognized from our installed customer base with contracts existing prior to 2016 grew by   31%   as compared to the same period of   2015  .   
    
  During the   third   quarter of 2016,   $24.3 million  , or   44%  , of total revenue was generated from the United States, which represents a   3%   decrease as compared to the same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily due to lower products revenue, partially offset by higher services revenue. During the first nine months of 2016,   $85.2 million  , or   51%  , of total revenue was generated from the United States, which represents a   13%   increase as compared to the same period of 2015.     The increase was primarily due to higher products revenue as well as higher PCS sales in connection with our increased installed customer base.  
    
  During the   third   quarter of 2016,   $16.0 million  , or   29%  , of total revenue was generated from Japan, which represents an   83%   increase as compared to the same period of 2015. During the first nine months of 2016,   $37.8 million  , or   23%  , of total revenue was generated from Japan, which represents a   56%   increase as compared to the same period of 2015. The increase during both periods was primarily due to higher products revenue from service provider customers. In addition, the favorable currency exchange impact of the Japanese Yen on the revenue was   $2.2 million   and   $3.5 million   for the   third   quarter and the first   nine   months of   2016  , respectively.  
    
  During the   third   quarter of 2016,   $7.4 million  , or   13%   of total revenue was generated from the Asia Pacific regions excluding Japan, which represents a   7%   decrease as compared to the same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily due to lower products revenue, partially offset by higher services revenue. During the first nine months of 2016,   $21.9 million  , or   13%  , of total revenue was generated from the Asia Pacific regions excluding Japan, which represents a   21%   increase as compared to the same period of 2015. The increase was primarily due to higher products revenue resulting from our continuous efforts in expanding our presence in these regions as well as higher PCS sales in connection with our increased installed customer base.  
    
  During the   third   quarter of 2016,   $6.0 million  , or   11%  , of total revenue was generated from EMEA, which represents a    17%   decrease as compared to the same period of 2015. During the first nine months of 2016,   $17.0 million  , or   10%  , of total revenue was generated from EMEA, which represents a   17%   decrease as compared to the same period of 2015.     The decrease during both periods was primarily due to lower products revenue as a result of overall economic weakness in the EMEA markets, partially offset by an increase in services revenue. 

Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
    
  Cost of revenue 
    
  Cost of products revenue is primarily comprised of cost of third-party manufacturing services and cost of component inventory for the hardware component of our products. It also includes warehouse personnel costs, shipping costs, inventory write-downs, certain allocated facilities and information technology infrastructure costs, and expenses associated with logistics and quality control. 
    
  Cost of services revenue is primarily comprised of personnel costs for our technical support, training and professional service teams. Cost of services revenue also includes the costs of inventory used to provide hardware replacements to end- customers under PCS contracts and certain allocated facilities and information technology infrastructure costs. 
  
   26 

A summary of our cost of revenue for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Gross Margin 
    
  Gross margin may vary and be unpredictable from period to period due to a variety of factors. These may include the mix of revenue from each of our regions, the mix of our products sold within a period, discounts provided to customers, inventory write-downs and foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  Our sales are generally denominated in U.S. dollars, however, in Japan they are denominated in Japanese yen. Changes in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and Japanese yen will therefore affect our revenue and gross margin. Any of the factors noted above can generate either a favorable or unfavorable impact on gross margin. 
    
  A summary of gross profit and gross margin is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Products gross margin remained relatively unchanged during the third quarter and the first   nine   months of   2016   as compared to the same periods of 2015. 
  
   27 

Services gross margins increased by   5.5%   and   3.1%   during the   third   quarter and the first   nine   months of   2016   as compared to the same periods of 2015 primarily due to higher services revenue while the personnel costs related to support, professional services and maintenance increased only modestly during both periods.    

Operating Expenses 
    
  Our operating expenses consist of sales and marketing, research and development, general and administrative and litigation expenses. The largest component of our operating expenses is personnel costs which consist of wages, benefits, bonuses, and, with respect to sales and marketing expenses, sales commissions. Personnel costs also include stock-based compensation. We expect our personnel costs to increase as our business continues to grow and we hire new employees.  
    
  A summary of our operating expenses is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Sales and Marketing 
    
  Sales and marketing expenses are our largest functional category of total operating expenses and primarily consist of personnel costs. Sales and marketing expenses also include the cost of marketing programs, trade shows, consulting services, promotional materials, demonstration equipment, depreciation and certain allocated facilities and information technology infrastructure costs. 
    
  Sales and marketing expenses decreased by   $1.4 million  , or   6%  , during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a $0.7 million decrease in personnel costs mainly as a result of lower sales commissions, a $0.5 million decrease in travel and entertainment expense and a $0.2 million decrease in depreciation expense.  
    
  Sales and marketing expenses increased by   $2.6 million  , or   3%  , during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $4.1 million increase in personnel costs as a result of higher salaries and sales commissions, partially offset by a $0.8 million decrease in depreciation expense and a $0.6 million decrease in travel and entertainment expense. 
    
  We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in the future as we expand our sales presence in existing countries and into new countries. 

28 

Research and Development 
    
  Research and development efforts are focused on new product development and on developing additional functionality for our existing products. These expenses primarily consist of personnel costs, and, to a lesser extent, prototype materials, depreciation and certain allocated facilities and information technology infrastructure costs. We expense research and development costs as incurred.  
    
  Research and development expense increased by   $2.4 million  , or   18%  , during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. This increase was primarily due to a $1.7 million increase in personnel costs mainly due to the impact of higher headcount from the acquisition of Appcito, a $0.3 million increase in depreciation and a $0.3 million increase in professional services.  
    
  Research and development expense increased by   $3.7 million  , or   9%  , during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. This increase was primarily due to a $3.1 million increase in personnel costs mainly due to the impact of higher headcount from the acquisition of Appcito and a $0.5 million increase in professional services.  
    
  We expect our research and development expenses to increase in the future as we continue to develop new products and enhance our existing products. 
    
  General and Administrative 
    
  General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel costs, professional services and office expenses.  General and administrative personnel costs include executive, finance, human resources, information technology, facility and legal (excluding litigation) related expenses. Professional services primarily consist of fees for outside accounting, tax, legal, recruiting and other administrative services.  
    
  General and administrative expenses decreased by   $0.6 million  , or   9%  , during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. This decrease was primarily due to a $0.9 million decrease in professional services as a result of lower contractor and consultant headcount and lower legal fees and a $0.5 million decrease in bad debt expense, partially offset by a $0.5 million increase in personnel costs.  
    
  General and administrative expenses remained relatively unchanged during the first nine months of 2016 as compared  to the same period of 2015 as a $2.3 million increase in personnel costs was partially offset by a $2.1 million decrease in professional services and a $0.2 million decrease in depreciation expense.   
    
  We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in the future. 
    
  Litigation and Settlement Expense 
    
  Litigation and settlement expense is comprised of legal expenses incurred related to litigation and, if applicable, charges for litigation reserves. Litigation expenses consist of professional fees incurred in defending ourselves against litigation matters and are expensed as incurred when professional services are provided. The litigation reserve, if any, consists of accruals we make related to estimated losses in pending legal proceedings. Litigation reserves, if any, are adjusted as we change our estimates or make payments in damages or settlements. 
    
  Litigation and settlement expense decreased by   $0.4 million   during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015 primarily due to less litigation related activities following the settlement of the class action and the Derivative Action lawsuits in the first half of 2016. 
    
  Litigation expense increased by   $0.1 million   during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015 primarily due to litigation activity leading up to and relating to the settlement of the class action and the Derivative Action  lawsuits during the first nine months of 2016. 

Interest Income and Other Income (Expense), Net 
    
  Interest income and other income (expense), net, increased by   $0.3 million   during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015 primarily due to an increase in interest income. Interest income and other income (expense), net, increased by   $1.7 million   during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015 primarily due to a $0.8 million increase in foreign exchange gains and a $0.7 million increase in interest income. The increase in foreign  
  
   29 

exchange gains was primarily due to the impact of favorable currency exchange rates of the Japanese yen against the U.S. dollar during the third quarter and the first nine months of 2016. The higher interest income was primarily attributable to increases in our investment in marketable securities. 

Provision for Income Taxes 
    
  We recorded income tax expense of   $0.3 million   and   $0.2 million   during the third quarter of 2016 and 2015, respectively, and   $0.6 million   and   $0.5 million   during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively. The income tax expense primarily consists of foreign taxes and is accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities in the financial statements and their respective tax bases using tax rates expected to be in effect during the years in which the basis differences reverse. 
    
   We currently maintain a valuation allowance on federal and state deferred tax assets, and we will continue to maintain a valuation allowance against all of our U.S. and certain foreign deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of this allowance. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $31.4 million  , including   $3.0 million   held outside the United States in our foreign subsidiaries, and   $85.4 million   of marketable securities. We currently do not have any plans to repatriate our earnings from our foreign operations. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had working capital of   $92.5 million  , accumulated deficit of   $241.0 million   and total stockholders' equity of   $82.6 million  . 
    
  We plan to continue to invest for long-term growth and anticipate our investment will continue to increase. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and other available financial resources will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings and the continuing market acceptance of our products. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
    
  On October 27, 2016, we announced that our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to $20.0 million of our common stock over the next 12 months. Under the repurchase authorization, shares may be purchased from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other means. The repurchase authorization may be commenced, suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. 
    
  In addition, as described in   Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies   in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we are currently, or may be from time to time be, involved in ongoing litigation. Any adverse settlements or judgments in any litigation could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash balances and cash flows in the period in which such events occur. 
    
  Credit Agreements  
    
  In September 2013, we entered into the 2013 Credit Facility with Royal Bank of Canada, acting as administrative agent and lender, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A. as lenders. The 2013 Credit Facility  provided a three-year $35.0 million revolving credit facility, which included a maximum $10.0 million letter of credit facility. The 2013 Credit Facility expired on September 30, 2016.  
    
  In November 2016, we entered into the 2016 Credit Facility with SVB, as lender. The 2016 Credit Facility provides a   three  -year,   $25.0 million   revolving credit facility, which includes a maximum of   $25.0 million   letter of credit facility.  
    
  Our obligations under the 2016 Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our assets, excluding our intellectual property. The 2016 Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, in each case subject to customary exceptions. In addition, the 2016 Credit Facility provides that we must maintain compliance with an adjusted quick ratio of not less than 1.50:1.00, as determined in accordance with the 2016 Credit Facility. Upon an event of default, SVB may declare the  
  
   30 

outstanding obligations payable by us to be immediately due and payable, terminate the commitments and exercise other rights and remedies provided for under the 2016 Credit Facility. The events of default under the 2016 Credit Facility include, among others, payment defaults, covenant defaults, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, judgment defaults, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, cross-defaults to other material indebtedness and defaults relating to government approvals. Through the date of this filing, we had   no   outstanding balance under the 2016 Credit Facility and were in compliance with all facility covenants. 
    
  Statements of Cash Flows 
    
  The following table summarizes our cash flow related activities (in thousands): 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
    
  Our cash provided by operating activities is driven primarily by sales of our products, management of working capital investments and, to a lesser extent, by up-front payments from end-customers under PCS contracts. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities have been for personnel-related expenditures, manufacturing costs, marketing and promotional expenses, costs related to our facilities and litigation expenses. Our cash flows from operating activities will continue to be affected principally by the extent to which we increase spending on personnel and sales and marketing activities, our working capital requirements, and litigation expenses. 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , cash provided by operating activities was   $21.8 million  , consisting of a net loss of   $19.2 million  , non-cash charges of   $20.8 million   and a   $20.2 million   cash increase resulting from changes in net operating assets and liabilities. Our non-cash charges consisted of   $13.1 million   of stock-based compensation expense,   $5.9 million   of depreciation and amortization expenses and   $1.8 million   of other non-cash items (primarily a provision for doubtful accounts and sales returns allowance). The changes in our net operating assets and liabilities primarily reflect an inflow from the changes in deferred revenue of   $10.4 million  , accounts receivable of   $7.3 million  , inventory of   $2.3 million   and accrued liabilities of   $0.9 million  , and an outflow from the change in accounts payable of   $0.9 million  .  
    
   The increase in deferred revenue was primarily due to increased PCS sales in connection with higher installed customer base. The decrease in accounts receivable was primarily due to improved cash collections. The decrease in inventory was primarily due to improved management of inventory balances and increased inventory reserves. The decrease in accounts payable was largely due to the timing of vendor invoice payments.  
    
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, cash provided by operating activities was $7.6 million, consisting of a net loss of $32.7 million, non-cash charges of $21.6 million and an $18.7 million cash increase resulting from changes in net operating assets and liabilities. Our non-cash charges consisted of $13.2 million of stock-based compensation, $6.8 million of depreciation and amortization expenses and $1.6 million of other non-cash items (primarily a provision for doubtful accounts and sales returns allowance). The changes in our net operating assets and liabilities primarily reflect an inflow from the changes in accounts receivable of $11.2 million, deferred revenue of $9.1 million, inventory of $0.9 million, and an outflow from the aggregate change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $2.6 million.           
  The decrease in accounts receivable was primarily due to improved cash collection in 2015 and the timing of billing, as a higher portion of the December 31, 2014 outstanding accounts receivable were billed during the latter part of the quarter compared to the September 30, 2015 outstanding accounts receivable. The increase in deferred revenue was due to timing of billings of support contracts, the increase in PCS sales in connection with our increasing installed customer base and an increase in deferred professional services revenue. The decrease in inventory was primarily due to increased consumption of existing inventory. The decreases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities were primarily attributable to a decrease in accrued compensation costs largely due to the payment of accrued commissions and bonuses and the timing of vendor invoice payments. 

31 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , cash used in investing activities was   $95.6 million  , primarily consisting of   $85.5 million   of net purchases of marketable securities,   $4.4 million   for payment for the acquisition of Appcito Inc.,   $4.3 million   for purchases of property and equipment and   $1.5 million   for purchase of intangible assets.   
    
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, cash used in investing activities was   $2.6 million  , primarily for purchases of property and equipment.  
    
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, cash provided by financing activities was   $7.0 million   and   $3.5 million  , respectively, primarily consisting of proceeds from common stock issuance under our employee stock purchase plan and the exercise of stock options. 
    
  Contractual Obligations 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our contractual obligations consist of capital leases, operating leases, purchase commitments, and other contractual obligations. There have been no material changes to these obligations outside the ordinary course of business during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the contractual obligations disclosed in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have any relationships with any unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities that would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
    
  Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates.  
    
  The following are changes to our critical accounting policies as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  Goodwill  
    
  Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and intangible assets. We review goodwill for possible impairment annually in the fourth quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate its carrying amount may not be recoverable. Triggering events that may indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in customer demand or a severe deterioration in our operating environment and market conditions. These changes could affect the value of goodwill or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. We perform the impairment testing by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than our carrying amount. If we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than our carrying amount, we perform a two-step impairment test. The first step requires the identification of the reporting units and comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit with our carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than our carrying value, an indication of goodwill impairment exists for the reporting unit and the second step of the impairment test is performed to compute the amount of the impairment. Under the second step, an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill.  
    
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
  
   32 

Intangible assets consist primarily of developed technology, patent and acquired customer relationships resulting from acquisitions. Intangible assets are recorded at fair value and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which ranges from five to ten years.  
    
  We review long-lived assets, including intangible assets, for impairment periodically or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Triggering events that may indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, significant under performance relative to estimated results, significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business and significant negative industry or economic trends. We determine the recoverability of intangible assets based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If intangible assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds the assets fair market value.  

ITEM 3.  
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     Foreign Currency Risk 
    
  Our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Historically, the majority of our revenue contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, with the most significant exception being Japan where we invoice primarily in Japanese yen. Our costs and expenses are generally denominated in the currencies where our operations are located, which is primarily in North America, Japan and to a lesser extent EMEA and the Asia Pacific region. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk or other derivative instruments. Revenue resulting from selling in local currencies and costs and expenses incurred in local currencies are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations which can affect our revenue and operating income. As exchange rates vary, operating income may differ from expectations. 
    
  The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. At the end of each reporting period, monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured to the functional currency using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains and losses related to remeasurement are recorded in interest income and other income (expense), net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. A significant fluctuation in the exchange rates between our subsidiaries' local currencies, especially the Japanese yen and the Euro, and the U.S. dollar could have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
    
  We recorded a   $0.9 million   foreign exchange gain and a   $0.3 million   foreign exchange loss during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. The effect of a hypothetical 10% change in our exchange rate would not have a significant impact on our consolidated results of operations. 
    
  Interest Rate Sensitivity 
    
  We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of   $116.8 million   and   $98.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively, consisting of bank deposits, money market funds, certificates of deposit, corporate securities, commercial paper and asset-backed securities. Some of these securities earn interest and carry a degree of interest rate risk. To date, fluctuations in interest income have not been significant. 
    
  We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. We have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to changes in interest rates. 
    
  A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our financial statements. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of  
  
   33 

1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as of   September 30, 2016  . The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as the principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that our management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
    
  Based upon our management s evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

34 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We have been and may currently be involved in various legal proceedings, the outcomes of which are not within our complete control or may not be known for prolonged periods of time. Management is required to assess the probability of loss and amount of such loss, if any, in preparing our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We evaluate the likelihood of a potential loss from legal proceedings to which we are a party. We record a liability for such claims when a loss is deemed probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment may be required in the determination of both probability and whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. Our judgments are subjective based on the status of the legal proceedings, the merits of our defenses and consultation with in-house and outside legal counsel. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to pending claims and may revise our estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainties of the legal processes in the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, our judgments may be materially different than the actual outcomes, which could have material adverse effects on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
    
  Additional information with respect to this Item may be found in   Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies  , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated into this Item 1 by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
    
  Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this report, and in our other public filings. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects could be materially harmed. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, perhaps significantly. 
    
  If we do not successfully anticipate market needs and opportunities or if the market does not continue to adopt our application networking products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed. 
    
  The application networking market is rapidly evolving and difficult to predict. Technologies, customer requirements, security threats and industry standards are constantly changing. As a result, we must anticipate future market needs and opportunities and then develop new products or enhancements to our current products that are designed to address those needs and opportunities, and we may not be successful in doing so. 
    
  Even if we are able to anticipate, develop and commercially introduce new products and enhancements that address the market s needs and opportunities, there can be no assurance that new products or enhancements will achieve widespread market acceptance. For example, organizations that use other conventional or first-generation application networking products for their needs may believe that these products are sufficient. In addition, as we launch new product offerings, organizations may not believe that such new product offerings offer any additional benefits as compared to the existing application networking products that they currently use. Accordingly, organizations may continue allocating their IT budgets for existing application networking products and may not adopt our products, regardless of whether our products can offer superior performance or security. 
    
  If we fail to anticipate market needs and opportunities or if the market does not continue to adopt our application networking products, then market acceptance and sales of our current and future application networking products could be substantially decreased or delayed, we could lose customers, and our revenue may not grow or may decline. Any of such events would significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Our success depends on our timely development of new products and features to address rapid technological changes and evolving customer requirements. If we are unable to timely develop and successfully introduce new products and features that adequately address these changes and requirements, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
    
  Changes in application software technologies, data center and communications hardware, networking software and operating systems, and industry standards, as well as our end-customers  continuing business growth, result in evolving application networking needs and requirements. Our continued success depends on our ability to identify, develop and  
  
   35 

introduce in a timely and successful manner new products and new features for our existing products that meet these needs and requirements. 
    
  Our future plans include significant investments in research and development and related product opportunities. Developing our products and related enhancements is time-consuming and expensive. We have made significant investments in our research and development team in order to address these product development needs. Our investments in research and development may not result in significant design and performance improvements or marketable products or features, or may result in products that are more expensive than anticipated. We may take longer to generate revenue, or generate less revenue, than we anticipate from our new products and product enhancements. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. 
    
  If we are unable to develop new products and features to address technological changes and new customer requirements in the application networking market or if our investments in research and development do not yield the expected benefits in a timely manner, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
    
  We have experienced net losses in recent periods, anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. If we cannot achieve or maintain profitability, our financial performance will be harmed and our business may suffer. 
    
  We experienced net losses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. Although we experienced revenue growth over these same periods and had achieved profitability in prior year periods, we may not be able to sustain or increase our revenue growth or achieve profitability in the future or on a consistent basis. During 2015 and 2014 and the first   nine   months of   2016  , we have invested in our sales, marketing and research and development teams in order to develop, market and sell our products. We expect to continue to invest significantly in these areas in the future. As a result of these increased expenditures, we will have to generate and sustain increased revenue, manage our cost structure and avoid significant liabilities to achieve future profitability.  
    
  Revenue growth may slow or decline, and we may incur significant losses in the future for a number of possible reasons, including our inability to develop products that achieve market acceptance, general economic conditions, increasing competition, decreased growth in the markets in which we operate, or our failure for any reason to capitalize on growth opportunities. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If these losses exceed our expectations or our revenue growth expectations are not met in future periods, our financial performance will be harmed and our stock price could be volatile or decline. 
    
  Our operating results are likely to vary significantly from period to period and may be unpredictable, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 
    
  Our operating results, in particular, revenue, margins and operating expenses, have fluctuated in the past, and we expect this will continue, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. The timing and size of sales of our products are highly variable and difficult to predict and can result in significant fluctuations in our revenue from period to period. This is particularly true of sales to our largest end-customers, such as service providers, Web giants and governmental organizations, who typically make large and concentrated purchases and for whom close or sales cycles can be long, as a result of their complex networks and data centers, as well as requests that may be made for customized features. Our quarterly results may vary significantly based on when these large end-customers place orders with us and the content of their orders.  
    
   Our operating results may also fluctuate due to a number of other factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict. In addition to other risks listed in this  Risk Factors  section, factors that may affect our operating results include: 

fluctuations in and timing of purchases from, or loss of, large customers; 

the budgeting cycles and purchasing practices of end-customers; 

our ability to attract and retain new end-customers; 

changes in demand for our products and services, including seasonal variations in customer spending patterns or cyclical fluctuations in our markets; 

36 

our reliance on shipments at the end of our quarters; 

variations in product mix or geographic locations of our sales, which can affect the revenue we realize for those sales; 

the timing and success of new product and service introductions by us or our competitors; 

our ability to increase the size of our distribution channel and to maintain relationships with important distribution channel partners; 

our ability to improve our overall sales productivity, and successfully execute our marketing strategies; 

the effect of currency exchange rates on our revenue and expenses; 

the cost and potential outcomes of existing and future litigation; 

the effect of discounts negotiated by our largest end-customers for sales or pricing pressure from our competitors; 

changes in the growth rate of the application networking market or changes in market needs; 

inventory write downs, which may be necessary for our older products when our new products are launched and adopted by our end-customers; and 

our third-party manufacturers  and component suppliers  capacity to meet our product demand forecasts on a timely basis, or at all. 
       
  Any one of the factors above or the cumulative effect of some of these factors may result in significant fluctuations in our financial and other operating results. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet our or our investors  or securities analysts  revenue, margin or other operating results expectations for a particular period, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 
    
  Reliance on shipments at the end of the quarter could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels. 
    
  As a result of end-customer buying patterns and the efforts of our sales force and distribution channel partners to meet or exceed their sales objectives, we have historically received a substantial portion of purchase orders and generated a substantial portion of revenue during the last few weeks of each quarter. We can recognize such revenue in the quarter received, however, only if all of the requirements of revenue recognition, especially shipment, are met by the end of the quarter. In addition, any significant interruption in our information technology systems, which manage critical functions such as order processing, revenue recognition, financial forecasts, inventory and supply chain management, could result in delayed order fulfillment and thus decreased revenue for that quarter. If expected revenue at the end of any quarter is delayed for any reason, including the failure of anticipated purchase orders to materialize (including delays by our customers or potential customers in consummating such purchase orders), our third-party manufacturers  inability to manufacture and ship products prior to quarter-end to fulfill purchase orders received near the end of the quarter, our failure to manage inventory to meet demand, our inability to release new products on schedule, any failure of our systems related to order review and processing, or any delays in shipments or achieving specified acceptance criteria, our revenue for that quarter could fall below our, or our investors  or securities analysts  expectations, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. We have experienced such delays in revenue in the past, including the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  We face intense competition in our market, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position.  
    
  The application networking market is intensely competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future. To the extent that we sell our solutions in adjacent markets, we expect to face intense competition in those markets as well. We believe that our main competitors fall into four categories: 

Companies that sell products in the traditional ADC market which includes companies that are well established in this market, such as F5 Networks, Inc., and Citrix Systems, Inc.  
     
   37 

Companies that sell CGN products, products originally designed for other networking purposes, such as edge routers and security appliances from vendors such as Alcatel-Lucent USA Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc. and Juniper Networks, Inc.  

Companies that sell traditional DDoS mitigation products. We are a relatively new entrant into the DDoS market and first publicly launched our DDoS protection detection, and mitigation solution, TPS, in January 2014. We believe our principal competitors in this market are Arbor Networks, Inc., a subsidiary of NetScout Systems, Inc., and Radware, Ltd.  

Companies that sell certain network security products, including Secure Web Gateways, Secured Socket Layer (SSL) Insight/SSL Intercept, datacenter firewalls, and Gi/SGi firewalls. We are a new entrant into most of these network security markets and first publicly announced this network security solution, CFW, in our fourth quarter of 2015, which was available for shipping in the first quarter of 2016. We believe our principal competitors in these markets are Blue Coat Systems, Juniper Networks, F5 Networks, and Fortinet.  
       
  Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have greater financial, technical, research and development, sales and marketing, manufacturing, distribution and other resources and greater name recognition. In addition, some of our larger competitors have broader products offerings and could leverage their customer relationships based on their other products. Potential customers who have purchased products from our competitors in the past may also prefer to continue to purchase from these competitors rather than change to a new supplier regardless of the performance, price or features of the respective products. We could also face competition from new market entrants, which may include our current technology partners. As we continue to expand globally, we may also see new competitors in different geographic regions. Such current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources.  
    
  Many of our existing and potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive advantages, such as:  

longer operating histories;  

the capacity to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products and services at a greater range of prices;  

the ability to incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages users from purchasing our products, including through selling at zero or negative margins, product bundling or closed technology platforms;  

broader distribution and established relationships with distribution channel partners in a greater number of worldwide locations;  

access to larger end-customer bases;  

the ability to use their greater financial resources to attract our research and development engineers as well as other employees of ours;  

larger intellectual property portfolios; and  

the ability to bundle competitive offerings with other products and services.  
       
  Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a competitive price. We may be required to make substantial additional investments in research and development, marketing and sales in order to respond to competition, and there is no assurance that these investments will achieve any returns for us or that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. We also expect increased competition if our market continues to expand. Moreover, conditions in our market could change rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements or other factors.  
    
  In addition, current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties that have greater resources available. As a result of these acquisitions, our current or potential competitors might take advantage of the greater resources of the larger organization to compete more vigorously or broadly with us. In addition, continued industry consolidation might adversely  
  
   38 

impact end-customers  perceptions of the viability of smaller and even medium-sized networking companies and, consequently, end-customers  willingness to purchase from companies like us.  
    
  As a result, increased competition could lead to fewer end-customer orders, price reductions, reduced margins and loss of market share.  
    
  If we are unable to attract new end-customers, sell additional products to our existing end-customers or achieve the anticipated benefits from our investment in additional sales personnel and resources, our revenue may decline, and our gross margin will be adversely affected. 
    
  To maintain and increase our revenue, we must continually add new end-customers and sell additional products to existing end-customers. The rate at which new and existing end-customers purchase solutions depends on a number of factors, including some outside of our control, such as general economic conditions. If our efforts to sell our solutions to new end-customers and additional solutions to our existing end-customers are not successful, our business and operating results will suffer. 
    
  In recent periods, we have been adding personnel and other resources to our sales and marketing functions, as we focus on growing our business, entering new markets and increasing our market share. We expect to incur significant additional expenses by hiring additional sales personnel and expanding our international operations in order to seek revenue growth. The return on these and future investments may be lower, or may be realized more slowly, than we expect, if realized at all. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our growth rates will decline, and our gross margin would likely be adversely affected. 
    
  If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our business and operating results may be harmed in tangible or intangible ways. 
    
  We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation are critical to our relationships with, and our ability to attract, new end-customers, technology partners and employees. The successful promotion of our brand will depend largely upon our ability to continue to develop, offer and maintain high-quality products and services, our marketing and public relations efforts, and our ability to differentiate our products and services successfully from those of our competitors. Our brand promotion activities may not be successful and may not yield increased revenue. In addition, extension of our brand to products and uses different from our traditional products and services may dilute our brand, particularly if we fail to maintain the quality of products and services in these new areas. We have in the past, and may in the future, become involved in litigation that could negatively affect our brand. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our growth rate may decline, we may have reduced pricing power relative to competitors with stronger brands or reputations, and we could lose end-customers or technology partners, all of which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
    
  A limited number of our end-customers, including service providers, make large and concentrated purchases that comprise a significant portion of our revenue. Any loss or delay of expected purchases by our largest end-customers could adversely affect our operating results. 
    
  As a result of the nature of our target market and the current stage of our development, a substantial portion of our revenue in any period comes from a limited number of large end-customers, including service providers. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, purchases from our ten largest end-customers accounted for approximately   38%  , 33% and 37% of our total revenue. The composition of the group of these ten largest end-customers changes from period to period, but often includes service providers, who accounted for approximately   43%  , 45%, and 46% of our total revenue during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 
    
  Sales to these large end-customers have typically been characterized by large but irregular purchases with long initial sales cycles. After initial deployment, subsequent purchases of our products typically have a more compressed sales cycle. The timing of these purchases and of the requested delivery of the purchased product is difficult to predict. As a consequence, any acceleration or delay in anticipated product purchases by or requested deliveries to our largest end-customers could materially affect our revenue and operating results in any quarter and cause our quarterly revenue and operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 
    
  We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to sustain or increase our revenue from our largest end-customers nor that we will be able to offset any absence of significant purchases by our largest end-customers in any particular period with purchases by new or existing end-customers in that or a subsequent period. We expect that sales of our products to a  
  
   39 

limited number of end-customers will continue to contribute materially to our revenue for the foreseeable future. The loss of, or a significant delay or reduction in purchases by, a small number of end-customers could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  Some of our large end-customers demand favorable terms and conditions from their vendors and may request price or other concessions from us. As we seek to sell more products to these end-customers, we may agree to terms and conditions that may have an adverse effect on our business. 
    
  Some of our large end-customers have significant purchasing power and, accordingly, may request from us and received more favorable terms and conditions, including lower prices than we typically provide. As we seek to sell products to this class of end-customer, we may agree to these terms and conditions, which may include terms that reduce our gross margin and have an adverse effect on our business. 
    
  Our gross margin may fluctuate from period to period based on the mix of products sold, the geographic location of our customers, price discounts offered, required inventory write downs and current exchange rate fluctuations. 
    
  Our gross margin may fluctuate from period to period in response to a number of factors, such as the mix of our products sold and the geographic locations of our sales. Our products tend to have varying gross margins in different geographic regions. We also may offer pricing discounts from time to time as part of a targeted sales campaign or as a result of pricing pressure from our competitors. In addition, our larger end-customers may negotiate pricing discounts in connection with large orders they place with us. The sale of our products at discounted prices could have a negative impact on our gross margin. We also must manage our inventory of existing products when we introduce new products.  
    
      If we are unable to sell the remaining inventory of our older products prior to or following the launch of such new product offerings, we may be forced to write down inventory for such older products, which could also negatively affect our gross margin.  Our gross margin may also vary based on international currency exchange rates. In general, our sales are denominated in U.S. dollars; however, in Japan they are denominated in Japanese yen. Changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Japanese yen may therefore affect our actual revenue and gross margin.  
    
  We have been, may presently be, or in the future may be, a party to litigation and claims regarding intellectual property rights, resolution of which has been and may in the future be time-consuming, expensive and adverse to us, as well as require a significant amount of resources to prosecute, defend, or make our products non-infringing. 
    
  Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and by increasingly frequent claims and related litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of patent and other intellectual property rights. In the ordinary course of our business, we have been and may presently be in disputes and licensing discussions with others regarding their patents and other claimed intellectual property and proprietary rights. Intellectual property infringement and misappropriation lawsuits and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties due to the complexity of the technical and legal issues involved, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such claims or in concluding licenses on reasonable terms or at all. 
    
  We may have fewer issued patents than some of our major competitors, and therefore may not be able to utilize our patent portfolio effectively to assert defenses or counterclaims in response to patent infringement claims or litigation brought against us by third parties. Further, litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant products revenue and against which our potential patents may provide little or no deterrence. In addition, many potential litigants have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources than we can to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. We expect that infringement claims may increase as the numbers of product types and the number of competitors in our market increases. Also, to the extent we gain greater visibility, market exposure and competitive success, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. 
    
  If we are found in the future to infringe the proprietary rights of others, or if we otherwise settle such claims, we could be compelled to pay damages or royalties and either obtain a license to those intellectual property rights or alter our products such that they no longer infringe. Any license could be very expensive to obtain or may not be available at all. Similarly, changing our products or processes to avoid infringing the rights of others may be costly, time-consuming or impractical. Alternatively, we could also become subject to an injunction or other court order that could prevent us from offering our products. Any of these claims, regardless of their merit, may be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel, or require us to cease using infringing technology, develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty or licensing agreements. 
  
   40 

Many of our commercial agreements require us to indemnify our end-customers, distributors and resellers for certain third-party intellectual property infringement actions related to our technology, which may require us to defend or otherwise become involved in such infringement claims, and we could incur liabilities in excess of the amounts we have received for the relevant products and/or services from our end-customers, distributors or resellers. These types of claims could harm our relationships with our end-customers, distributors and resellers, may deter future end-customers from purchasing our products or could expose us to litigation for these claims. Even if we are not a party to any litigation between an end-customer, distributor or reseller, on the one hand, and a third party, on the other hand, an adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more difficult for us to defend our intellectual property rights in any subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. 
    
  We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, and if we are unable to do so, our competitive position could be harmed, or we could be required to incur significant expenses to enforce our rights. 
    
  We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, and contractual restrictions on disclosure of confidential and proprietary information, to protect our intellectual property. Despite the efforts we take to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, these efforts may not be sufficient or effective at preventing their unauthorized use. In addition, effective trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available or cost-effective in every country in which we have rights. There may be instances where we are not able to protect intellectual property or other proprietary rights in a manner that maximizes competitive advantage. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights from unauthorized use, the value of those assets may be reduced, which could negatively impact our business. 
    
  We also rely in part on confidentiality and/or assignment agreements with our technology partners, employees, consultants, advisors and others. These protections and agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and intellectual property information we thought to be proprietary, and in these cases we would not be able to assert any trade secret rights against those parties. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property or technology. Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and expensive. We have not made such monitoring a priority to date and will not likely make this a priority in the future. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken or will take will prevent misappropriation of our technology, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. 
    
  If we fail to protect our intellectual property adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology, and our business might be harmed. In addition, even if we protect our intellectual property, we may need to license it to competitors, which could also be harmful. For example, we have already licensed all of our issued patents, pending applications, and future patents and patent applications that we may acquire, obtain, apply for or have a right to license to Brocade until May 2025, for the life of each such patent. In addition, we might incur significant expenses in defending our intellectual property rights. Any of our patents, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights could be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. 
    
  We may in the future initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Any litigation, whether or not resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our management and technical personnel, as well as cause other claims to be made against us, which might adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
    
  We generate a significant amount of revenue from sales to distributors, resellers, and end-customers outside of the United States, and we are therefore subject to a number of risks that could adversely affect these international sources of our revenue. 
    
  A significant portion of our revenue is generated in international markets, including Japan, Western Europe, China, Taiwan and South Korea. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, approximately   49%  , 46% and 52% of our total revenue was generated from customers located outside of the United States. If we are unable to maintain or continue to grow our revenue in these markets, our financial results may suffer. 
    
  As a result, we must hire and train experienced personnel to staff and manage our foreign operations. To the extent that we experience difficulties in recruiting, training, managing and retaining an international staff, and specifically sales management and sales personnel, we may experience difficulties in sales productivity in foreign markets. We also seek to enter  
  
   41 

into distributor and reseller relationships with companies in certain international markets where we do not have a local presence. If we are not able to maintain successful distributor relationships internationally or recruit additional companies to enter into distributor relationships, our future success in these international markets could be limited. Business practices in the international markets that we serve may differ from those in the United States and may require us in the future to include terms in customer contracts other than our standard terms. To the extent that we may enter into customer contracts in the future that include non-standard terms, our operating results may be adversely impacted. 
    
  We have a significant presence in international markets and plan to continue to expand our international operations, which exposes us to a number of risks that could affect our future growth. 
    
  Our sales team is comprised of field sales and inside sales personnel who are organized by geography and maintain sales presence in   28   countries,     including in the following countries and regions: United States, Western Europe, Japan, China, Taiwan and South Korea. We expect to continue to increase our sales headcount in all markets, particularly in markets where we currently do not have a sales presence. As we continue to expand our international sales and operations, we are subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

greater difficulty in enforcing contracts and accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods; 

increased expenses incurred in establishing and maintaining office space and equipment for our international operations; 

greater difficulty in recruiting local experienced personnel, and the costs and expenses associated with such activities; 

general economic and political conditions in these foreign markets; 

economic uncertainty around the world, including continued economic uncertainty as a result of sovereign debt issues in Europe and the United Kingdom s decision to exit the European Union (commonly referred to as  Brexit  

management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural and geographic dispersion; 

risks associated with trade restrictions and foreign legal requirements, including the importation, certification, and localization of our products required in foreign countries; 

greater risk of unexpected changes in regulatory practices, tariffs, and tax laws and treaties; 

the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 

greater risk of a failure of foreign employees to comply with both U.S. and foreign laws, including antitrust regulations, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and any trade regulations ensuring fair trade practices; and 

heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, or irregularities in, financial statements. 
       
  Because of our worldwide operations, we are also subject to risks associated with compliance with applicable anticorruption laws. One such applicable anticorruption law is the FCPA, which generally prohibits U.S. companies and their employees and intermediaries from making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business, securing an advantage, or directing business to another, and requires public companies to maintain accurate books and records and a system of internal accounting controls. Under the FCPA, U.S. companies may be held liable for actions taken by directors, officers, employees, agents, or other strategic or local partners or representatives. As such, if we or our intermediaries, such as channel partners and distributors, fail to comply with the requirements of the FCPA or similar legislation, governmental authorities in the United States and elsewhere could seek to impose civil and/or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

42 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 
    
  Our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Historically, the majority of our revenue contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, with the most significant exception being Japan, where we invoice primarily in the Japanese yen. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are located, which is primarily in North America and Japan. Revenue resulting from selling in local currencies and costs incurred in local currencies are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that can affect our operating income. For example, a hypothetical 10% adverse movement in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Japanese yen would have resulted in a $3.6 million decrease in our total revenue and a $2.6 million increase in our operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2015, and a hypothetical 10% favorable movement in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Japanese yen would have resulted in a $3.6 million increase in our total revenue and a $2.6 million decrease in operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2015.  As exchange rates vary, our operating income may differ from expectations. To the extent our foreign currency exposures become more material, we may elect to deploy normal and customary hedging practices designed to more proactively mitigate such exposure. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in currency exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place and would not protect us from long term shifts in currency exchange rates. 
    
  Our success depends on our key personnel and our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified product development, sales, marketing and finance personnel. 
    
  Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our key management, product development, sales, marketing and finance personnel, many of whom may be difficult to replace. The complexity of our products, their integration into existing networks and ongoing support of our products requires us to retain highly trained professional services, customer support and sales personnel with specific expertise related to our business. Competition for qualified professional services, customer support, engineering and sales personnel in our industry is intense, because of the limited number of people available with the necessary technical skills and understanding of our products. Our ability to recruit and hire these personnel is harmed by tightening labor markets, particularly in the engineering field, in several of our key geographic hiring areas. We may not be successful in attracting, integrating, or retaining qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs, nor may we be successful in keeping the qualified personnel we currently have. Our ability to hire and retain these personnel may be adversely affected by volatility or reductions in the price of our common stock, since these employees are generally granted equity-based awards.  
    
  Our future performance also depends on the continued services and continuing contributions of our senior management to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. In particular, Lee Chen, our founder and Chief Executive Officer, and Rajkumar Jalan, our Chief Technology Officer, are critical to the development of our technology and the future vision and strategic direction of our company. The loss of services of senior management could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development and strategic objectives, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
    
  Adverse general economic conditions or reduced information technology spending may adversely impact our business. 
    
  A substantial portion of our business depends on the demand for information technology by large enterprises and service providers, the overall economic health of our current and prospective end-customers and the continued growth and evolution of the Internet. The timing of the purchase of our products is often discretionary and may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. Volatility in the global economic market or other effects of global or regional economic weakness, including limited availability of credit, a reduction in business confidence and activity, deficit-driven austerity measures that continue to affect governments and educational institutions, and other difficulties may affect one or more of the industries to which we sell our products and services. If economic conditions in the United States, Europe and other key markets for our products continue to be volatile or do not improve or those markets experience another downturn, many end-customers may delay or reduce their IT spending. This could result in reductions in sales of our products and services, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. Any of these events would likely harm our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, there can be no assurance that IT spending levels will increase following any recovery. 
  Exposure to UK political developments, including the outcome of the UK referendum on membership in the European Union, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
  
   43 

On June 23, 2016, a referendum was held on the United Kingdom's membership in the European Union, the outcome of which was a vote in favor of leaving the European Union (commonly referred to as  Brexit ). The Brexit vote creates an uncertain political and economic environment in the United Kingdom and potentially across other European Union member states, which may last for a number of months or years. 
  The result of the Brexit vote means that the nature of the United Kingdom's long-term relationship with the European Union is unclear and that there is considerable uncertainty as to when any such relationship will be agreed and implemented. In the interim, there is a risk of economic instability for both the United Kingdom and the European Union, which could adversely affect our results, financial condition and prospects. 
  The political and economic uncertainty created by the Brexit vote has caused and may continue to cause significant volatility in global financial markets and in the value of the Pound Sterling currency or other currencies, including the Euro. Depending on the terms reached regarding any exit from the European Union, it is possible that there may be adverse practical and/or operational implications on our business. 
  Consequently, no assurance can be given as to the overall impact of the Brexit and, in particular, no assurance can be given that our operating results, financial condition and prospects would not be adversely impacted by the result. 
    
  We are dependent on third-party manufacturers, and changes to those relationships, expected or unexpected, may result in delays or disruptions that could harm our business. 
    
  We outsource the manufacturing of our hardware components to third-party original design manufacturers who assemble these hardware components to our specifications. Our primary manufacturers are Lanner Electronics, Inc. and AEWIN Technologies Co., Ltd., each of which is located in Taiwan. Our reliance on these third-party manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing process and exposes us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, product costs, and product supply and timing. Any manufacturing disruption at these manufacturers could severely impair our ability to fulfill orders. Our reliance on outsourced manufacturers also may create the potential for infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights or confidential information. If we are unable to manage our relationships with these manufacturers effectively, or if these manufacturers suffer delays or disruptions for any reason, experience increased manufacturing lead-times, experience capacity constraints or quality control problems in their manufacturing operations, or fail to meet our future requirements for timely delivery, our ability to ship products to our end-customers would be severely impaired, and our business and operating results would be seriously harmed. 
    
  These manufacturers typically fulfill our supply requirements on the basis of individual orders. We do not have long-term contracts with our manufacturers that guarantee capacity, the continuation of particular pricing terms, or the extension of credit limits. Accordingly, they are not obligated to continue to fulfill our supply requirements, which could result in supply shortages, and the prices we are charged for manufacturing services could be increased on short notice. In addition, our orders may represent a relatively small percentage of the overall orders received by our manufacturers from their customers. As a result, fulfilling our orders may not be considered a priority by one or more of our manufacturers in the event the manufacturer is constrained in its ability to fulfill all of its customer obligations in a timely manner. 
    
  Although the services required to manufacture our hardware components may be readily available from a number of established manufacturers, it is time-consuming and costly to qualify and implement such relationships. If we are required to change manufacturers, whether due to an interruption in one of our manufacturers  businesses, quality control problems or otherwise, or if we are required to engage additional manufacturers, our ability to meet our scheduled product deliveries to our customers could be adversely affected, which could cause the loss of sales to existing or potential customers, delayed revenue or an increase in our costs that could adversely affect our gross margin. 
    
  Because some of the key components in our products come from limited sources of supply, we are susceptible to supply shortages or supply changes, which could disrupt or delay our scheduled product deliveries to our end-customers and may result in the loss of sales and end-customers. 
    
  Our products incorporate key components, including certain integrated circuits that we and our third-party manufacturers purchase on our behalf from a limited number of suppliers, including some sole-source providers. In addition, the lead times associated with these and other components of our products can be lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules. Moreover, long-term supply and maintenance obligations to our end-customers increase the duration for which specific components are required, which may further increase the risk we may incur component shortages or the cost of carrying inventory. If we are unable to obtain a sufficient quantity of these components in a timely manner for any reason, sales and/or shipments of our products could be delayed or halted, which would seriously affect present and future sales  
  
   44 

and cause damage to end-customer relationships, which would, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  In addition, our component suppliers change their selling prices frequently in response to market trends, including industry-wide increases in demand, and because we do not necessarily have contracts with these suppliers, we are susceptible to price fluctuations related to raw materials and components. If we are unable to pass component price increases along to our end-customers or maintain stable pricing, our gross margin and operating results could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, poor quality in sole-sourced components or certain other components in our products could also result in lost sales or lost sales opportunities. If the quality of such components does not meet our standards or our end-customers  requirements, if we are unable to obtain components from our existing suppliers on commercially reasonable terms, or if any of our sole source providers cease to continue to manufacture such components or to remain in business, we could be forced to redesign our products and qualify new components from alternate suppliers. The development of alternate sources for those components can be time-consuming, difficult and costly, and we may not be able to develop alternate or second sources in a timely manner. Even if we are able to locate alternate sources of supply, we could be forced to pay for expedited shipments of such components or our products at dramatically increased costs. 
    
  Real or perceived defects, errors, or vulnerabilities in our products or services or the failure of our products or services to block a threat or prevent a security breach could harm our reputation and adversely impact our results of operations. 
    
  Because our products and services are complex, they have contained and may contain design or manufacturing defects or errors that are not detected until after their commercial release and deployment by our end-customers. Even if we discover those weaknesses, we may not be able to correct them promptly, if at all. Defects may cause our products to be vulnerable to security attacks, cause them to fail to help secure networks, or temporarily interrupt end-customers  networking traffic. Furthermore, our products may fail to detect or prevent malware, viruses, worms or similar threats for any number of reasons, including our failure to enhance and expand our platform to reflect industry trends, new technologies and new operating environments, the complexity of the environment of our end-customers and the sophistication of malware, viruses and other threats. Data thieves and hackers are increasingly sophisticated, often affiliated with organized crime and may operate large-scale and complex automated attacks. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target. Additionally, as a well-known provider of enterprise security solutions, our networks, products, and services could be targeted by attacks specifically designed to disrupt our business and harm our reputation. As our products are adopted by an increasing number of enterprises and governments, it is possible that the individuals and organizations behind advanced attacks will focus on finding ways to defeat our products. In addition, defects or errors in our updates to our products could result in a failure of our services to effectively update end-customers  products and thereby leave our end-customers vulnerable to attacks.  Our data centers and networks may experience technical failures and downtime, may fail to distribute appropriate updates, or may fail to meet the increased requirements of a growing installed end-customer base, any of which could temporarily or permanently expose our end-customers  networks, leaving their networks unprotected against security threats. Our end-customers may also misuse our products, which may result in loss or a breach of business data. For all of these reasons, we may be unable to anticipate all data security threats or provide a solution in time to protect our end-customers  networks. If we fail to identify and respond to new and increasingly complex methods of attack and to update our products to detect or prevent such threats in time to protect our end-customers  critical business data, our business, operating results and reputation could suffer. 
    
  If any companies or governments that are publicly known to use our platform are the subject of an advanced cyberattack that becomes publicized, our other current or potential channel partners or end-customers may look to our competitors for alternatives to our products. Real or perceived security breaches of our end-customers  networks could cause disruption or damage to their networks or other negative consequences and could result in negative publicity to us, damage to our reputation, declining sales, increased expenses and end-customer relations issues. To the extent potential end-customers or industry analysts believe that the occurrence of any actual or perceived failure of our products to detect or prevent malware, viruses, worms or similar threats is a flaw or indicates that our products do not provide significant value, our reputation and business could be harmed. 
    
  Any real or perceived defects, errors, or vulnerabilities in our products, or any failure of our products to detect a threat, could result in: 
    
      a loss of existing or potential end-customers or channel partners; 
    
      delayed or lost revenue; 
    
      a delay in attaining, or the failure to attain, market acceptance; 
  
   45 

the expenditure of significant financial and product development resources in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work around errors or defects, to address and eliminate vulnerabilities, or to identify and ramp up production with third-party providers; 

an increase in warranty claims, or an increase in the cost of servicing warranty claims, either of which would adversely affect our gross margins; 
       
      harm to our reputation or brand; and 
    
      litigation, regulatory inquiries, or investigations that may be costly and further harm our reputation.     
    
  Failure to protect and ensure the confidentiality and security of data could lead to legal liability, adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our operating results, business and reputation. 
    
  We may collect, store and use certain confidential information in the course of providing our services, and we have invested in preserving the security of this data. We may also outsource operations to third-party service providers to whom we transmit certain confidential data.  There are no assurances that any security measures we have in place, or any additional security measures that our subcontractors may have in place, will be sufficient to protect this confidential information from unauthorized security breaches. 
    
  We cannot assure you that, despite the implementation of these security measures, we will not be subject to a security incident or other data breach or that this data will not be compromised. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches, or to pay penalties as a result of such breaches. Despite our implementation of security measures, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures to protect this data. In addition, security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees or service providers or by other persons or entities with whom we have commercial relationships. Any compromise or perceived compromise of our security could damage our reputation with our end-customers, and could subject us to significant liability, as well as regulatory action, including financial penalties, which would materially adversely affect our brand, results of operations, financial condition, business and prospects. 
    
  We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs to protect against security breaches. We may incur significant additional costs in the future to address problems caused by any actual or perceived security breaches. 
    
  Breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers, or other security incidents, could result in: unauthorized access to our sites, networks and systems; unauthorized access to, misuse or misappropriation of information, including personally identifiable information, or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves or third parties; viruses, worms, spyware or other malware being served from our sites, networks or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized content on our sites; interruption, disruption or malfunction of operations; costs relating to notification of individuals, or other forms of breach remediation; deployment of additional personnel and protection technologies; response to governmental investigations and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party experts and consultants; litigation, regulatory investigations, prosecutions, and other actions; and other potential liabilities. If any of these events occurs, or is believed to occur, our reputation and brand could be damaged, our business may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such actual or perceived breaches, we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability, and our ability to operate our business, including our ability to provide maintenance and support services to our channel partners and end-customers, may be impaired. If current or prospective channel partners and end-customers believe that our systems and solutions do not provide adequate security for their businesses  needs, our business and our financial results could be harmed. Additionally, actual, potential or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. 
    
  Although we maintain privacy, data breach and network security liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Any actual or perceived compromise or breach of our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, or any unauthorized access to, misuse or misappropriation of personally identifiable information, channel partners  or end-customers information, or other information, could violate applicable laws and regulations, contractual obligations or other legal obligations and cause significant legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity and a loss of  
  
   46 

confidence in our security measures, any of which could have an material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
    
  Our failure to adequately protect personal data could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
    
  A wide variety of provincial, state, national, foreign, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data. These data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations are evolving and being tested in courts and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or to protect such data, could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by end-customers and other affected persons and entities, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing and prospective channel partners and end-customers), and other forms of injunctive or operations-limiting relief, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance, and business. Evolving and changing definitions of personal data and personal information, within the European Union, the United States, and elsewhere, especially relating to classification of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, machine identification, location data, and other information, may limit or inhibit our ability to operate or expand our business, including limiting strategic partnerships that may involve the sharing of data. We may be required to expend significant resources to modify our solutions and otherwise adapt to these changes, which we may be unable to do on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and our ability to develop new solutions and features could be limited. These developments could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if not subject to legal challenge, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and inhibit adoption of our products by current and prospective end-customers. 
    
  If the general level of advanced cyberattacks declines, or is perceived by our current or potential customers to have declined, our business could be harmed. 
    
  Our security business may be dependent on enterprises and governments recognizing that advanced cyberattacks are pervasive and are not effectively prevented by legacy security solutions. High visibility attacks on prominent companies and governments have increased market awareness of advanced cyberattacks and help to provide an impetus for enterprises and governments to devote resources to protecting against advanced cyberattacks, which may include testing, purchasing, and deploying our products. If advanced cyberattacks were to decline, or enterprises or governments perceived a decline in the general level of advanced cyberattacks, our ability to attract new channel partners and end-customers and expand our offerings within existing channel partners and end-customers could be materially and adversely affected. An actual or perceived reduction in the threat landscape could increase our sales cycles and harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  Undetected software or hardware errors may harm our business and results of operations. 
    
  Our products may contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or as new versions are released. We have experienced these errors or defects in the past in connection with new products and product upgrades. We expect that these errors or defects will be found from time to time in new or enhanced products after commencement of commercial distribution. These problems have in the past and may in the future cause us to incur significant warranty and repair costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts and cause significant customer relations problems. We may also be subject to liability claims for damages related to product errors or defects. While we carry insurance policies covering this type of liability, these policies may not provide sufficient protection should a claim be asserted. A material product liability claim may harm our business and results of operations. 
    
  Any errors, defects or vulnerabilities in our products could result in: 

expenditures of significant financial and product development resources in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate or work around errors and defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities; 

loss of existing or potential end-customers or distribution channel partners; 

delayed or lost revenue; 

delay or failure to attain market acceptance; 

indemnification obligations under our agreements with resellers, distributors and/or end-customers; 

47 

an increase in warranty claims compared with our historical experience or an increased cost of servicing warranty claims, either of which would adversely affect our gross margin; and 

litigation, regulatory inquiries, or investigations that may be costly and harm our reputation. 
       
  Our use of open source software in our products could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation. 
    
  We incorporate open source software such as the Linux operating system kernel into our products. We recently implemented a formal open source use policy, including written guidelines for use of open source software and business processes for approval of that use. We have developed and implemented our open source policies according to industry practice; however, best practices in this area are subject to change, because there is little reported case law on the interpretation of material terms of many open source licenses. We are in the process of reviewing our open source use and our compliance with open source licenses and implementing remediation and changes necessary to comply with the open source licenses related thereto. We cannot guarantee that our use of open source software has been, and will be, managed effectively for our intended business purposes and/or compliant with applicable open source licenses. We may face legal action by third parties seeking to enforce their intellectual property rights related to our use of such open source software. Failure to adequately manage open source license compliance and our use of open source software may result in unanticipated obligations regarding our products and services, such as a requirement that we license proprietary portions of our products or services on unfavorable terms, that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we created based upon, incorporating or using open source software, that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license and/or that we redesign the affected products or services, which could result, for example, in a loss of intellectual property rights, or delay in providing our products and services. From time to time, there have been claims against companies that distribute or use third-party open source software in their products and services, asserting that the open source software or its combination with the products or services infringes third parties  patents or copyrights, or that the companies  distribution or use of the open source software does not comply with the terms of the applicable open source licenses. Use of certain open source software can lead to greater risks than use of warranted third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of such open source software. From time to time, there have been claims against companies that use open source software in their products, challenging the ownership of rights in such open source software. As a result, we could also be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of rights in what we believe to be open source software and so challenging our right to use such software in our products. If any such claims were asserted against us, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such a claim. Further, if our defenses to such a claim were not successful, we could be, for example, subject to significant damages, be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products and services without infringing such third party s intellectual property rights, be required to re-engineer such products and services, or be required to discontinue making available such products and services if re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely or successful basis. The need to engage in these or other remedies could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
    
  Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications and hardware that are developed by others and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may fail to increase, or we may lose market share and we may experience a weakening demand for our products. 
    
  Our products must interoperate with our end-customers  existing infrastructure, specifically their networks, servers, software and operating systems, which may be manufactured by a wide variety of vendors and original equipment manufacturers. As a result, when problems occur in a network, it may be difficult to identify the source of the problem. The occurrence of software or hardware problems, whether caused by our products or another vendor s products, may result in the delay or loss of market acceptance of our products. In addition, when new or updated versions of our end-customers  software operating systems or applications are introduced, we must sometimes develop updated versions of our software so that our products will interoperate properly. We may not accomplish these development efforts quickly, cost-effectively or at all. These development efforts require capital investment and the devotion of engineering resources. If we fail to maintain compatibility with these applications, our end-customers may not be able to adequately utilize our products, and we may, among other consequences, fail to increase, or we may lose market share and experience a weakening in demand for our products, which would adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
    
  We license technology from third parties, and our inability to maintain those licenses could harm our business. 
    
  Many of our products include proprietary technologies licensed from third parties. In the future, it may be necessary to renew licenses for third party technology or obtain new licenses for other technology. These third-party licenses may not be  
  
   48 

available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. As a result, we could also face delays or be unable to make changes to our products until equivalent technology can be identified, licensed or developed and integrated with our products. Such delays or an inability to make changes to our products, if it were to occur, could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. The inability to obtain certain licenses to third-party technology, or litigation regarding the interpretation or enforcement of license agreements and related intellectual property issues, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
    
  Failure to prevent excess inventories or inventory shortages could result in decreased revenue and gross margin and harm our business. 
    
  We purchase products from our manufacturers outside of, and in advance of, reseller or end-customer orders, which we hold in inventory and sell. We place orders with our manufacturers based on our forecasts of our end-customers  requirements and forecasts provided by our distribution channel partners. These forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, each of which might cause our estimates to be inaccurate, affecting our ability to provide products to our customers. There is a risk we may be unable to sell excess products ordered from our manufacturers. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in obsolete inventory and inventory write-downs. The sale of excess inventory at discounted prices could impair our brand image and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, if we underestimate demand for our products or if our manufacturers fail to supply products we require at the time we need them, we may experience inventory shortages. Inventory shortages might delay shipments to resellers, distributors and customers and cause us to lose sales. These shortages may diminish the loyalty of our distribution channel partners or customers. 
    
  The difficulty in forecasting demand also makes it difficult to estimate our future financial condition and results of operations from period to period. A failure to accurately predict the level of demand for our products could adversely affect our total revenue and net income, and we are unlikely to forecast such effects with any certainty in advance.  For example, we failed to predict the slowdown in the United States sales during the three months ended September 30, 2014 which resulted in lower revenue, gross margin and net income than expected. 
    
  Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, primarily due to the complexity of our end-customers  networks and data centers and the length of their budget cycles. As a result, our sales and revenue are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from period to period, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly. 
    
  The timing of our sales is difficult to predict because of the length and unpredictability of our products  sales cycles. A sales cycle is the period between initial contact with a prospective end-customer and any sale of our products. Our sales cycle, in particular to our large end-customers, may be lengthy due to the complexity of their networks and data centers. Because of this complexity, prospective end-customers generally consider a number of factors over an extended period of time before committing to purchase our products. End-customers often view the purchase of our products as a significant and strategic decision that can have important implications on their existing networks and data centers and, as a result, require considerable time to evaluate, test and qualify our products prior to making a purchase decision and placing an order to ensure that our products will successfully interoperate with our end-customers  complex network and data centers. Additionally, the budgetary decisions at these entities can be lengthy and require multiple organization reviews. The length of time that end-customers devote to their evaluation of our products and decision making process varies significantly. The length of our products  sales cycles typically ranges from three to 12 months but can be longer for our large end-customers.  In addition, the length of our close or sales cycle can be affected by the extent to which customized features are requested, in particular in our large deals. 
    
  For all of these reasons, it is difficult to predict whether a sale will be completed or the particular fiscal period in which a sale will be completed, both of which contribute to the uncertainty of our future operating results. If our close or sales cycles lengthen, our revenue could be lower than expected, which would have an adverse impact on our operating results and could cause our stock price to decline.  
    
  Our ability to sell our products is highly dependent on the quality of our support and services offerings, and our failure to offer high-quality support could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue and results of operations. 
    
  We believe that our ability to provide consistent, high quality customer service and technical support is a key factor in attracting and retaining end-customers of all sizes and is critical to the deployment of our products. When support is purchased our end-customers depend on our support organization to provide a broad range of support services, including on-site technical support, 24-hour support and shipment of replacement parts on an expedited basis. If our support organization or our distribution channel partners do not assist our end-customers in deploying our products effectively, succeed in helping our end-customers resolve post-deployment issues quickly, or provide ongoing support, it could adversely affect our ability to sell our products to existing end-customers and could harm our reputation with potential end-customers. We currently have technical  
  
   49 

support centers in the United States, Japan, China and the Netherlands. As we continue to expand our operations internationally, our support organization will face additional challenges, including those associated with delivering support, training and documentation in languages other than English. 
    
  We typically sell our products with maintenance and support as part of the initial purchase, and a substantial portion of our support revenue comes from renewals of maintenance and support contracts. Our end-customers have no obligation to renew their maintenance and support contracts after the expiration of the initial period. If we are unable to provide high quality support, our end-customers may elect not to renew their maintenance and support contracts or to reduce the product quantity under their maintenance and support contracts, thereby reducing our future revenue from maintenance and support contracts. 
    
  Our failure or the failure of our distribution channel partners to maintain high-quality support and services could have a material and adverse effect on our business, revenue and operating results. 
    
  We depend on growth in markets relating to network security, management and analysis, and lack of growth or contraction in one or more of these markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  Demand for our products is linked to, among other things, growth in the size and complexity of network infrastructures and the demand for networking technologies addressing the security, management and analysis of such infrastructures. These markets are dynamic and evolving. Our future financial performance will depend in large part on continued growth in the number of organizations investing in their network infrastructure and the amount they commit to such investments. If this demand declines, our results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. Segments of the network infrastructure industry have in the past experienced significant economic downturns. Furthermore, the market for network infrastructure may not continue to grow at historic rates, or at all. The occurrence of any of these factors in the markets relating to network security, management and analysis could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  
    
  Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance. 
    
  You should not consider our revenue growth rate in recent periods as indicative of our future performance. We have recently experienced revenue growth rates of 11%, 27% and 18% in 2015, 2014 and 2013 as compared to the same prior periods. We may not achieve similar revenue growth rates in future periods. You should not rely on our revenue for any prior quarterly or annual periods as any indication of our future revenue or revenue growth. If we are unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, our stock price could be volatile, and it may be difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. 
    
  Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our controls, systems and processes, our operating results will be adversely affected. 
    
  In recent periods, we have significantly increased the number of our employees and independent contractors. As we hire new employees and independent contractors and expand into new locations outside the United States, we are required to comply with varying local laws for each of these new locations. We anticipate that further expansion of our infrastructure and headcount will be required. Our rapid growth has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our administrative and operational infrastructure and financial resources. Our ability to manage our operations and growth across multiple countries will require us to continue to refine our operational, financial and management controls, human resource policies, and reporting systems and processes. 
    
  We need to continue to improve our internal systems, processes, and controls to effectively manage our operations and growth. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to these systems, processes and controls in an efficient or timely manner. In addition, our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems, processes, and controls or in connection with third-party software, which could impair our ability to provide products or services to our customers in a timely manner, causing us to lose customers, limit us to smaller deployments of our products, increase our technical support costs, or damage our reputation and brand. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate in the intended manner, may result in our inability to manage the growth of our business and to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses, and earnings, or to prevent certain losses, any of which may harm our business and results of operations. 

50 

We may not be able to sustain or develop new distributor and reseller relationships, and a reduction or delay in sales to significant distribution channel partners could hurt our business. 
    
  We sell our products and services through multiple distribution channels in the United States and internationally. We may not be able to increase our number of distributor or reseller relationships or maintain our existing relationships. Recruiting and retaining qualified distribution channel partners and training them on our technologies requires significant time and resources. These distribution channel partners may also market, sell and support products and services that are competitive with ours and may devote more resources to the marketing, sales and support of such competitive products. Our sales channel structure could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability and reputational harm if, for example, any of our distribution channel partners misrepresent the functionality of our products or services to end-customers or violate laws or our corporate policies. If we are unable to establish or maintain our sales channels or if our distribution channel partners are unable to adapt to our future sales focus and needs, our business and results of operations will be harmed. 
    
  The terms of the 2016 Credit Facility could restrict our operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take specified actions.  
    
  The 2016 Credit Facility contains a number of restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to take actions that may be in our best interests. The 2016 Credit Facility requires us to satisfy a specified financial covenant. Our ability to meet the financial covenant can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to continue to meet the covenant. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, SVB could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the 2016 Credit Facility to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If SVB accelerates the repayment, if any, we may not have sufficient funds to repay our existing debt. If we were unable to repay those amounts, SVB could proceed against the collateral granted to it to secure such indebtedness. We have pledged substantially all of our assets, excluding our intellectual property, as collateral under the 2016 Credit Facility. Through the date of this filing, we had no outstanding balance under the 2016 Credit Facility and were in compliance with all facility covenants. 
    
  Our sales to governmental organizations are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
    
  We sell to governmental organization end-customers. Sales to governmental organizations are subject to a number of challenges and risks. Selling to governmental organizations can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. We have not yet received security clearance from the United States government, which prevents us from being able to sell directly for certain governmental uses. There can be no assurance that such clearance will be obtained, and failure to do so may adversely affect our operating results. Governmental organization demand and payment for our products may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products. Governmental organizations may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our distributors and resellers for convenience or due to a default, and any such termination may adversely impact our future operating results. 
    
  Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations could harm our business. 
    
  Our business is subject to regulation by various federal, state, local and foreign governmental entities, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing employment and labor laws, workplace safety, product safety, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, anti-bribery laws, import/export controls, federal securities laws, and tax laws and regulations. In certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than those in the United States. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties, or injunctions. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
    
  We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets. 
    
  Our products are subject to U.S. export controls and may be exported outside the United States only with the required level of export license or through an export license exception because we incorporate encryption technology into our products.  
  
   51 

In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or our end-customers  ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in our products or changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets, prevent our end-customers with international operations from deploying our products throughout their global systems or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries altogether. Any change in export or import regulations or related legislation, shift in approach to the enforcement or scope of existing regulations or change in the countries, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential end-customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
    
  We discovered that we inadvertently reported incorrect information to the U.S. Census Bureau when reporting certain exports, although the underlying exports were authorized under the Export Administration Regulations. We implemented corrective actions and filed a Voluntary Self Disclosure with the U.S. Census Bureau regarding these technical violations. The Census Bureau closed the voluntary self-disclosure in October, 2014 without imposition of any fines or penalties. 
    
  We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us. 
    
  Our company must comply with local, state, federal, and international environmental laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business. We are also subject to laws, which restrict certain hazardous substances, including lead, used in the construction of our products, such as the European Union Restriction on the Use of Hazardous Substances in electrical and electronic equipment directive. We are also subject to the European Union Directive, known as the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, or WEEE Directive, which requires producers of certain electrical and electronic equipment to properly label products, register as a WEEE producer, and provide for the collection, disposal, and recycling of waste electronic products. Failure to comply with these environmental directives and other environmental laws could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, inability to sell covered products in certain countries, the loss of revenue, or subject us to third-party property damage or personal injury claims, or require us to incur investigation, remediation or engineering costs. Our operations and products will be affected by future environmental laws and regulations, but we cannot predict the ultimate impact of any such future laws and regulations at this time  . 
    
  Our products must conform to industry standards in order to be accepted by end-customers in our markets. 
    
  Generally, our products comprise only a part of a data center. The servers, network, software and other components and systems of a data center must comply with established industry standards in order to interoperate and function efficiently together. We depend on companies that provide other components of the servers and systems in a data center to support prevailing industry standards. Often, these companies are significantly larger and more influential in driving industry standards than we are. Some industry standards may not be widely adopted or implemented uniformly, and competing standards may emerge that may be preferred by our end-customers. If larger companies do not support the same industry standards that we do, or if competing standards emerge, market acceptance of our products could be adversely affected and we may need to incur substantial costs to conform our products to such standards, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
    
  We are dependent on various information technology systems, and failures of or interruptions to those systems could harm our business. 
    
  Many of our business processes depend upon our information technology systems, the systems and processes of third parties, and on interfaces with the systems of third parties. If those systems fail or are interrupted, or if our ability to connect to or interact with one or more networks is interrupted, our processes may function at a diminished level or not at all. This could harm our ability to ship or support our products, and our financial results may be harmed. 
    
  In addition, reconfiguring or upgrading our information technology systems or other business processes in response to changing business needs may be time-consuming and costly and is subject to risks of delay or failed deployment. To the extent this impacts our ability to react timely to specific market or business opportunities, our financial results may be harmed. 
    
  Future acquisitions we may undertake may not result in the financial and strategic goals that are contemplated at the time of the transaction. 
    
  We recently completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Appcito and may make future acquisitions of complementary companies, products or technologies. With respect to the Appcito acquisition or any other future acquisitions  
  
   52 

we may undertake, we may find that the acquired businesses, products or technologies do not further our business strategy as expected, that we paid more than what the assets are later worth or that economic conditions change, all of which may generate future impairment charges. The Appcito acquisition or any future acquisitions may be viewed negatively by customers, financial markets or investors. There may be difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of an acquired business, and we may have difficulty retaining the key personnel of an acquired business. We may have difficulty in integrating acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines. Any integration process may require significant time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. Our ongoing business and management s attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity of managing geographically and culturally diverse locations. We may have difficulty maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies across locations. We may experience significant problems or liabilities associated with product quality, technology and other matters. 
    
  Our inability to successfully operate and integrate future acquisitions appropriately, effectively and in a timely manner, or to retain key personnel of any acquired business, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, gross margin and expenses. 
    
  Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to limitation and may result in increased future tax liability to us. 
    
  Generally, a change of more than 50% in the ownership of a corporation s stock, by value, over a three-year period constitutes an ownership change for U.S. federal income tax purposes. An ownership change may limit a company s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards attributable to the period prior to such change. In the event we have undergone an ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards to offset U.S. federal taxable income may become subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. 
    
  Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
    
  We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 

changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

expected timing and amount of the release of tax valuation allowances; 

expiration of, or detrimental changes in, research and development tax credit laws; 

tax effects of stock-based compensation; 

costs related to intercompany restructurings; 

changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof;  

future earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated earnings in countries where we have higher statutory tax rates; or 

examinations by US federal, state or foreign jurisdictions that disagree with interpretations of tax rules and regulations in regards to positions taken on tax filings. 
       
  Changes in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our results of operations. 
    
  As our business grows, we are required to comply with increasingly complex taxation rules and practices. We are subject to tax in multiple U.S. tax jurisdictions and in foreign tax jurisdictions as we expand internationally. The development of our tax strategies requires additional expertise and may impact how we conduct our business. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably affected by changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business or changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Furthermore, we provide for certain tax liabilities that involve significant judgment. We are subject to the examination of our tax returns by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, which could focus on our intercompany transfer pricing methodology as well as other matters. If our tax strategies  
  
   53 

are ineffective or we are not in compliance with domestic and international tax laws, our financial position, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
    
  Our business is subject to the risks of warranty claims, product returns, product liability, and product defects. 
    
  Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our products could result in claims by end-customers for losses that they sustain. If end-customers make these types of claims, we may be required, or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem. Historically, the amount of warranty claims has not been significant, but there are no assurances that the amount of such claims will not be material in the future. Liability provisions in our standard terms and conditions of sale, and those of our resellers and distributors, may not be enforceable under some circumstances or may not fully or effectively protect us from customer claims and related liabilities and costs, including indemnification obligations under our agreements with resellers, distributors or end-customers. The sale and support of our products also entail the risk of product liability claims. We maintain insurance to protect against certain types of claims associated with the use of our products, but our insurance coverage may not adequately cover any such claims. In addition, even claims that ultimately are unsuccessful could result in expenditures of funds in connection with litigation and divert management s time and other resources. 
    
  We are exposed to the credit risk of our distribution channel partners and end-customers, which could result in material losses and negatively impact our operating results. 
    
  Most of our sales are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms ranging from 30 to 90 days depending on local customs or conditions that exist in the sale location. If any of the distribution channel partners or end-customers responsible for a significant portion of our revenue becomes insolvent or suffers a deterioration in its financial or business condition and is unable to pay for our products, our results of operations could be harmed. 
    
  Concentration of ownership among our existing executive officers, a small number of stockholders, directors and their affiliates may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
    
  Our executive officers and directors, together with affiliated entities, hold   31.2%   of our outstanding common stock as of   September 30, 2016  . Accordingly, these stockholders, acting together, have significant influence over the election of our directors, over whether matters requiring stockholder approval are approved or disapproved and over our affairs in general. The interests of these stockholders could conflict with your interests. These stockholders may also have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their investments, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. In addition, this concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying or preventing a liquidity event such as a merger or liquidation of our company. 
    
  We may need to raise additional funds in future private or public offerings, and such funds may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If we do raise additional funds, existing stockholders will suffer dilution. 
    
  We may need to raise additional funds in private or public offerings, and these funds may not be available to us when we need them or on acceptable terms, if at all. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, you could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of our then-existing capital stock. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our business and prospects could fail or be materially and adversely affected. 
    
  The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, and the value of your investment could decline. 
    
  Technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. The trading price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to fluctuations in response to many factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include the following: 

announcements of new products, services or technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions or other events by us or our competitors; 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
     
   54 

significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of technology companies in general and of companies in our industry; 

fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares or the size of our public float; 

actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations; 

whether our results of operations meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 

actual or anticipated changes in the expectations of investors or securities analysts; 

litigation or investigations involving us, our industry, or both; 

regulatory developments in the United States, foreign countries or both; 

general economic conditions and trends; 

major catastrophic events; 

sales of large blocks of our common stock; or 

departures of key personnel. 
       
  In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, results of operations or financial condition. The trading price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. The price of our common stock has been highly volatile since our IPO in March 2014. In January 2015, several substantially identical lawsuits alleging violations of securities laws were filed against us, our directors and certain of our executive officers (which actions were consolidated on May 29, 2015) and in June 2015, the related Derivative Action was filed. These and any future securities litigation, including any related to shareholder derivative litigation, could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources from our business. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales might occur, could reduce the price that our common stock might otherwise attain and may dilute your voting power and your ownership interest in us. 
    
  Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and may make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were approximately   5.6 million   vested and exercisable options to purchase our common stock, in addition to the   67,088,850   common shares outstanding as of such date. All outstanding shares and all shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding and vested options are freely tradable, subject in some cases to volume and other restrictions of Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act, as well as our insider trading policy. In addition, holders of certain shares of our outstanding common stock, including an aggregate of   9,451,468   shares held by funds affiliated with Summit Partners, L.P. as of   September 30, 2016   are entitled to rights with respect to registration of these shares under the Securities Act pursuant to an investors  rights agreement. 
    
  If these holders of our common stock, by exercising their registration rights, sell a large number of shares, they could adversely affect the market price for our common stock. If we file a registration statement for the purposes of selling additional shares to raise capital and are required to include shares held by these holders pursuant to the exercise of their registration rights, our ability to raise capital may be impaired. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

55 

We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
    
  We are an emerging growth company, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to  emerging growth companies,  including, but not limited to, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of our initial public offering. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (a) the last day of the year (i) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (ii) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion, or (iii) in which we qualify as a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, or (b) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 
    
  Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this accommodation allowing for delayed adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
    
  We are obligated to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete our analysis of our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or our internal control over financial reporting may not be determined to be effective, or we may discover significant deficiencies or material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, all of which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
    
  We are required, pursuant to the Exchange Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each fiscal year. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  We have, in the past, experienced issues with our internal control over financial reporting, such as the material weakness discovered in connection with our review of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, related to an incorrect methodology used to compute share-based compensation associated with our 2014 Purchase Plan for the fourth quarter of 2014, and which resulted in a material adjustment to decrease share-based compensation in our fourth quarter ended December 31, 2014. While we believe that this material weakness was remediated during the year ended December 31, 2015, it is possible that we may discover significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future.  If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if we are required to restate our financial statements as a result of ineffective internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
    
  We are required to disclose material changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. However, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until the year following the date we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, if we take advantage of the exemptions contained in the JOBS Act. To comply with these requirements, we may need to undertake various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring accounting or internal audit staff. 
    
  The requirements of being a public company increase costs and may divert management attention. 
    
  As a reporting company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, as  
  
   56 

defined in the JOBS Act. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Although we have already hired additional employees to comply with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase our costs and expenses. 
    
  In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time consuming. For instance, the SEC adopted disclosure requirements in 2012 as part of implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act regarding the use of conflict minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries and procedures regarding a manufacturer s efforts to prevent the sourcing of such conflict minerals. The implementation of these requirements could adversely affect our costs and our relationships with customers and suppliers. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expense and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
    
  The increased costs associated with operating as a reporting company may decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services. Additionally, if these requirements divert our management s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline  . 
    
  The market for our common stock, to some extent, depends on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us should downgrade our shares or change their opinion of our shares, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts should cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which would cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
    
  Our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage takeover attempts and lead to management entrenchment. 
    
  Our restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors that are not nominated by the current members of our board of directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions include: 

a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors; 

the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preference and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 

57 

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer, our secretary, or a majority vote of our board of directors, which could delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

the requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66-2/3% of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the voting stock, voting together as a single class, to amend the provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation relating to the issuance of preferred stock and management of our business or our bylaws, which may inhibit the ability of an acquirer to effect such amendments to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; 

the ability of our board of directors, by majority vote, to amend the bylaws, which may allow our board of directors to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 

advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board of directors or not to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders  meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
       
  In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us for a certain period of time. 

Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as acts of war and terrorism. 
    
  A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire, a flood, or significant power outage could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our corporate headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. In addition, our two primary manufacturers are located in Taiwan, which is near major earthquake fault lines and subject to typhoons during certain times of the year. In the event of a major earthquake or typhoon, or other natural or man-made disaster, our manufacturers in Taiwan may face business interruptions, which may impact quality assurance, product costs, and product supply and timing. In the event our or our service providers  information technology systems or manufacturing or logistics abilities are hindered by any of the events discussed above, shipments could be delayed, resulting in missed financial targets, such as revenue and shipment targets, and our operations could be disrupted, for the affected quarter or quarters. In addition, cyber security attacks, acts of war or terrorism, or other geo-political unrest could cause disruptions in our business or the business of our supply chain, manufacturers, logistics providers, partners, or end-customers or the economy as a whole. Any disruption in the business of our supply chain, manufacturers, logistics providers, partners or end-customers that impacts sales at the end of a quarter could have a significant adverse impact on our quarterly results. All of the aforementioned risks may be further increased if the disaster recovery plans for us and our suppliers prove to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above should result in delays or cancellations of customer orders, or the delay in the manufacture, deployment or shipment of our products, our business, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. 
    
  We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
    
  We intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the future. In addition, the 2016 Credit Facility currently restricts our ability to pay cash dividends while this facility remains outstanding. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our common stock if the value of our common stock increases. 

ITEM 2.     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULT UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  Not applicable. 
  
   58 

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
  Subsequent Event 
    
  We have elected to include the following information with respect to an event that occurred on November 1, 2016 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in lieu of reporting it in a separately filed Current Report on Form 8-K. This information would otherwise have been reported in a Form 8-K under the headings  Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.  and  Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.  
  On November 1, 2016, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the  2016 Credit Facility ) with Silicon Valley Bank ("SVB"), as lender.  
    
  The 2016 Credit Facility provides for a $25.0 million revolving credit facility, which includes a $25.0 million letter of credit facility. When our net cash equals or exceeds $50.0 million, loans may be advanced under the 2016 Credit Facility up to the full $25.0 million. When our net cash falls below $50.0 million, loans may be advanced under the 2016 Credit Facility based on a borrowing base equal to a specified percentage of the value of our eligible accounts receivable. Loan proceeds may be used for general corporate purposes. We may prepay loans under the 2016 Credit Facility in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. Through the date of this filing, we had no outstanding balance under the 2016 Credit Facility and were in compliance with all facility covenants. 
    
  The loans bear interest, at our option, at (i) the prime rate reported in The Wall Street Journal, minus 0.50% or (ii) a LIBOR rate determined in accordance with the 2016 Credit Facility, plus 2.50%. Interest is due and payable in arrears monthly for prime rate loans and at the end of an interest period for LIBOR rate loans (or at each three month interval in the case of loans with interest periods greater than three months). Principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, is due and payable on November 1, 2019 (the  Maturity Date ). We are required to pay customary closing fees, commitment fees and letter of credit fees for a facility of this size and type. 
    
  All of our future domestic subsidiaries are required to guaranty our obligations under the 2016 Credit Facility. Our obligations are secured by substantially all of our assets, excluding intellectual property, and subject to certain exceptions and limitations. 
    
  The 2016 Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, in each case subject to customary exceptions. In addition, the 2016 Credit Facility provides that we must maintain compliance with an adjusted quick ratio of not less than 1.50:1.00, as determined in accordance with the 2016 Credit Facility. 
    
  Upon an event of default, SVB may declare the outstanding obligations payable by us to be immediately due and payable, terminate the commitments and exercise other rights and remedies provided for under the 2016 Credit Facility. The events of default under the 2016 Credit Facility include, among others, payment defaults, covenant defaults, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, judgment defaults, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, cross-defaults to other material indebtedness and defaults relating to government approvals. A default interest rate will apply on all obligations during the existence of an event of default under the 2016 Credit Facility at a per annum rate of interest equal to 5.00% above the applicable interest rate; except that LIBOR advances will be subject to a per annum rate of interest equal to 5.00% above the prime rate reported in The Wall Street Journal in the event the applicable interest period applicable to such LIBOR advance expires during the existence of an event of default. 
    
  SVB and its affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with us or our affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
    
  The foregoing description of the 2016 Credit Facility is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2016 Credit Facility, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

59 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
    
  See the Exhibit Index of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a list of exhibits filed or incorporated herein by reference.   
  
   60 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:   November 3, 2016    

By:  /s/ Lee Chen 
        
    Lee Chen 
        
    Chief Executive Officer and President  
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:   November 3, 2016    

By:  /s/ Greg Straughn 
        
    Greg Straughn 
        
    Chief Financial Officer  
  (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

61 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      10.1 
      
     Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, between A10 Networks, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank.  
      31.1 
      
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  
      31.2 
      
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  
      32.1* 
      
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  
      32.2* 
      
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instant Document 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

* 
    The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of A10 Networks, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

62 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101loanandsecuritya.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1 LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
  THIS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT   (this    Agreement   ) dated as of November 1, 2016 (the    Effective Date   ) between   SILICON VALLEY BANK  , a California banking corporation (   Bank   ), and   A10 NETWORKS, INC.  , a Delaware corporation (   Borrower   ), provides the terms on which Bank shall lend to Borrower and Borrower shall repay Bank.  The parties agree as follows: 
  1.  ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS 
  Accounting terms not defined in this Agreement shall be construed following GAAP.  Calculations and determinations must be made following GAAP (except in the case of unaudited financial statements, for the absence of footnotes and subject to year-end audit adjustments);   provided, however,   that if that if at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either Borrower or Bank shall so request, Borrower and Bank shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP;   provided  , further, that, until so amended, (a) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (b) Borrower shall provide Bank financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP;   provided  ,   further  ,   that (x) any obligations of a Person under a lease (whether existing now or entered into in the future) that is not (or would not be) a capital lease obligation under GAAP as in effect on the Effective Date shall not be treated as a capital lease obligation solely as a result of the adopting of changes in GAAP.  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13.  All other terms contained in this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, shall have the meaning provided by the Code to the extent such terms are defined therein. 
  2.        LOAN AND TERMS OF PAYMENT 
  2.1        Promise to Pay  .  Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay Bank the outstanding principal amount of all Credit Extensions and accrued and unpaid interest thereon as and when due in accordance with this Agreement. 
  2.1.1        Revolving Advances  . 
  (a)        Availability  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Bank shall make Advances not exceeding the Availability Amount.  Amounts borrowed under the Revolving Line may be repaid and, prior to the Revolving Line Maturity Date, reborrowed, subject to the applicable terms and conditions precedent herein. 
  (b)        Termination; Repayment  .  The Revolving Line terminates on the Revolving Line Maturity Date, when the principal amount of all Advances, the accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and all other Obligations relating to the Revolving Line shall be immediately due and payable. 
  2.1.2        Letters of Credit Sublimit  . 
  (a)      As part of the Revolving Line, Bank shall issue or have issued Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars for Borrower s account.  The aggregate amount utilized for the issuance of Letters of Credit shall at all times reduce the amount otherwise available for Advances under the Revolving Line.  The aggregate face amount of outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn but unreimbursed Letters of Credit) may not exceed (i) the lesser of (A) the Revolving Line or (B) the Borrowing Base, minus (ii) the sum of all outstanding principal amounts of any Advances (including the aggregate face amount of any outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn but unreimbursed Letters of Credit)). 
  (b)      If, on the Revolving Line Maturity Date (or the effective date of any termination of this Agreement), there are any outstanding Letters of Credit, then on such date, Borrower shall provide to Bank cash collateral in an amount equal to at least 105% of the aggregate face amount of all such Letters of Credit plus all interest,  
  
   BN 22796152v7 

fees, and costs due or estimated by Bank to become due in connection therewith, to secure all of the Obligations relating to such Letters of Credit.  All Letters of Credit shall be in form and substance acceptable to Bank in its sole discretion and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Bank s standard Application and Letter of Credit Agreement (the    Letter of Credit Application   ).  Borrower agrees to execute any further documentation in connection with the Letters of Credit as Bank may reasonably request.  Borrower further agrees to be bound by the regulations and interpretations of the issuer of any Letters of Credit guarantied by Bank and opened for Borrower s account or by Bank s interpretations of any Letter of Credit issued by Bank for Borrower s account, and Borrower understands and agrees that Bank shall not be liable for any error, negligence, or mistake, whether of omission or commission, in following Borrower s instructions or those contained in the Letters of Credit or any modifications, amendments, or supplements thereto. 
  (c)      The obligation of Borrower to immediately reimburse Bank for drawings made under Letters of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional, and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such Letters of Credit, and the Letter of Credit Application.   
  2.1.3        [Reserved]  . 
  2.1.4        [Reserved]  .   
  2.1.5        [Reserved]  .   
  2.2        Overadvances  .  If, at any time, the outstanding principal amount of any Advances exceeds the lesser of either the Revolving Line or the Borrowing Base, Borrower shall immediately pay to Bank in cash the amount of such excess (such excess, the    Overadvance   ). Without limiting Borrower s obligation to repay Bank any Overadvance, Borrower agrees to pay Bank interest on the outstanding amount of any Overadvance, on demand, at the Default Rate. 
  2.3        Payment of Interest on the Credit Extensions  .   
  (a)        Interest; Payment  .  Each Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the date when made, continued or converted until paid in full at a rate per annum equal to (i) for Prime Rate Advances, the greater of (1) zero percent (0%) or (2) the Prime Rate plus the applicable Prime Rate Margin, and (ii) for LIBOR Advances, the greater of (1) zero percent (0%) plus the applicable LIBOR Rate Margin or (2) the LIBOR Rate plus the applicable LIBOR Rate Margin.  On and after the expiration of any Interest Period applicable to any LIBOR Advance outstanding on the date of occurrence of an Event of Default or acceleration of the Obligations, the amount of such LIBOR Advance shall, during the continuance of such Event of Default or after acceleration, bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Prime Rate plus five percent (5.00%).  Pursuant to the terms hereof, interest on each Advance shall be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date.  Interest shall also be paid on the date of any prepayment of any Advance pursuant to this Agreement for the portion of any Advance so prepaid and upon payment (including prepayment) in full thereof.  All accrued but unpaid interest on the Advances shall be due and payable on the Revolving Line Maturity Date. 
  (b)        Prime Rate Advances  .  Each change in the interest rate of the Prime Rate Advances based on changes in the Prime Rate shall be effective on the effective date of such change and to the extent of such change.   
  (c)        LIBOR Advances  .  The interest rate applicable to each LIBOR Advance shall be determined in accordance with Section 3.5(a) hereunder.  Subject to Sections 3.6 and 3.7, such rate shall apply during the entire Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Advance, and interest calculated thereon shall be payable on the Interest Payment Date applicable to such LIBOR Advance.   
  (d)        Computation of Interest  .  Any interest hereunder will accrue from day to day and is calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 360 days.  In computing interest on any Credit Extension, the date of the making of such Credit Extension shall be included and the date of payment shall be excluded; provided, however, that if any Credit Extension is repaid on the same day on which it is made, such day shall be included in computing interest on such Credit Extension. 
  
   2 
  BN 22796152v7 

(e)        Default Rate  .  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Obligations shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is five percentage points (5.0%) above the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto (the    Default Rate   ).  Payment or acceptance of the increased interest provided in this Section 2.3(e) is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of Bank.   
  2.4        Fees  .  Borrower shall pay to Bank:  
  (a)        Commitment Fee  .  A fully earned, non-refundable commitment fee equal to one quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the Revolving Line, on the Effective Date;  
  (b)        Letter of Credit Fee  .  Bank s customary fees and expenses for the issuance or renewal of Letters of Credit, including, without limitation, a letter of credit fee of two and one-tenth percent (2.10%) per annum of the face amount of each Letter of Credit issued, upon the issuance of such Letter of Credit, each anniversary of the issuance during the term of such Letter of Credit, and upon the renewal of such Letter of Credit by Bank;  
  (c)        Termination Fee  .  Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason prior to the Revolving Line Maturity Date, in addition to the payment of any other amounts then-owing, a termination fee in an amount equal to one percent (1.00%) of the Revolving Line; provided that no termination fee shall be charged if the credit facility hereunder is replaced with a new facility from Bank; 
  (d)        Unused Revolving Line Facility Fee  .  Payable quarterly in arrears on January 1, 2017, on the first day of each calendar quarter occurring thereafter prior to the Revolving Line Maturity Date, and on the Revolving Line Maturity Date, a fee (the    Unused Revolving Line Facility Fee   ) in an amount equal to four tenths of one percent (0.40%) per annum of the average unused portion of the Revolving Line, as determined by Bank.  The unused portion of the Revolving Line, for purposes of this calculation, shall be calculated on a calendar quarter basis and shall equal the difference between (i) the Revolving Line, and (ii) the average for the period of the daily closing balance of the Revolving Line outstanding plus the sum of the aggregate amount of outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn but unreimbursed Letters of Credit); and 
  (e)        Bank Expenses  .  All Bank Expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses for documentation and negotiation of this Agreement) incurred through and after the Effective Date, when due (or, if no stated due date, upon demand by Bank). 
  (f)        Fees Fully Earned  .  Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement or in a separate writing by Bank, Borrower shall not be entitled to any credit, rebate, or repayment of any fees earned by Bank pursuant to this Agreement notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement or the suspension or termination of Bank s obligation to make loans and advances hereunder.  Bank may deduct amounts owing by Borrower under the clauses of this Section 2.4 pursuant to the terms of Section 2.5(c).  Bank shall provide Borrower written notice of deductions made from the Designated Deposit Account pursuant to the terms of the clauses of this Section 2.4. 
  2.5        Payments; Application of Payments; Debit of Accounts  .  
  (a)      All payments to be made by Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made in immediately available funds in Dollars, without setoff or counterclaim, before 12:00 p.m. Pacific time on the date when due.  Payments of principal and/or interest received after 12:00 p.m. Pacific time are considered received at the opening of business on the next Business Day.  When a payment is due on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment shall be due the next Business Day, and additional fees or interest, as applicable, shall continue to accrue until paid.   
  (b)      Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, payments shall be applied as directed by Borrower.  Upon and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Bank has the exclusive right to determine the order and manner in which all payments with respect to the Obligations may be applied and Borrower shall have no right to specify the order or the accounts to which Bank shall allocate or apply any payments required to be made by  
  
   3 
  BN 22796152v7 

Borrower to Bank or otherwise received by Bank under this Agreement when any such allocation or application is not specified elsewhere in this Agreement. 
  (c)      Bank may debit any of Borrower s deposit accounts maintained at Bank, for principal and interest payments or any other amounts Borrower owes Bank when due.  These debits shall not constitute a set-off. 
  2.6        Withholding  .  Payments received by Bank from Borrower under this Agreement will be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority (including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto).  Specifically, however, if at any time any Governmental Authority, applicable law, regulation or international agreement requires Borrower to make any withholding or deduction from any such payment or other sum payable hereunder to Bank, Borrower hereby covenants and agrees that the amount due from Borrower with respect to such payment or other sum payable hereunder will be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after the making of such required withholding or deduction, Bank receives a net sum equal to the sum which it would have received had no withholding or deduction been required, and Borrower shall pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority.  Borrower will, upon request, furnish Bank with proof reasonably satisfactory to Bank indicating that Borrower has made such withholding payment; provided, however, that Borrower need not make any withholding payment if the amount or validity of such withholding payment is contested in good faith by appropriate and timely proceedings and as to which payment in full is bonded or reserved against by Borrower.  The agreements and obligations of Borrower contained in this Section 2.6 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
  3.        CONDITIONS OF LOANS 
  3.1        Conditions Precedent to Initial Advance  .  Bank s obligation to make the initial Advance is subject to the condition precedent that Bank shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, such documents, and completion of such other matters, as Bank may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation:   
  (a)      duly executed original signatures to the Loan Documents; 
  (b)      [reserved]; 
  (c)      [reserved]; 
  (d)      the Operating Documents and long-form good standing certificates of Borrower certified by the Secretary of State of Borrower s jurisdiction of organization or formation and each jurisdiction in which Borrower is qualified to conduct business, each as of a date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date; 
  (e)      duly executed original signatures to the completed Borrowing Resolutions for Borrower; 
  (f)      duly executed original signature to a payoff letter, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank, from Royal Bank of Canada evidencing that the Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2013, among Borrower, various lenders, and Royal Bank of Canada, as agent for such lenders, shall have been terminated and all amounts thereunder shall have been paid in full, together with authorization to file the applicable UCC-3 termination statements to be recorded with the Delaware Secretary of State; 
  (g)      [reserved]; 
  (h)      [reserved]; 
  
   4 
  BN 22796152v7 

(i)      certified copies, dated as of a recent date, of financing statement searches, as Bank may request, accompanied by written evidence (including any UCC termination statements) that the Liens indicated in any such financing statements either constitute Permitted Liens or have been or, in connection with the initial Advance, will be terminated or released; 
  (j)      the Perfection Certificate(s) of Borrower, together with the duly executed original signature thereto; 
  (k)      [reserved]; 
  (l)      a legal opinion of Borrower s counsel dated as of the Effective Date together with the duly executed original signature thereto; 
  (m)      evidence satisfactory to Bank that the insurance policies and endorsements required by Section 6.5 hereof are in full force and effect, together with appropriate evidence showing lender loss payable and/or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor of Bank; provided that such endorsements shall be delivered on or prior to the date that is ten (10) Business Days after the Effective Date (or such later date as the Bank may agree in its sole discretion). 
  (n)      [reserved]; 
  (o)      payment of the fees and Bank Expenses then due as specified in Section 2.5 hereof. 
  3.2        Conditions Precedent to all Credit Extensions  .  Bank s obligations to make each Credit Extension, including the initial Credit Extension, is subject to the following conditions precedent: 
  (a)      except as otherwise provided in Section 3.5(a), timely receipt of an executed Payment/Advance Form;  
  (b)      the representations and warranties in this Agreement shall be true, accurate, and complete in all material respects on the date of the Payment/Advance Form and on the Funding Date of each Credit Extension; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date, and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the Credit Extension.  Each Credit Extension is Borrower s representation and warranty on that date that the representations and warranties in this Agreement remain true, accurate, and complete in all material respects; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date; and 
  (c)      Bank determines to its reasonable satisfaction that there has not been a Material Adverse Change.  
  3.3        [Reserved]  .   
  3.4        Covenant to Deliver  .  Borrower agrees to deliver to Bank each item required to be delivered to Bank under this Agreement as a condition precedent to any Credit Extension.  Borrower expressly agrees that a Credit Extension made prior to the receipt by Bank of any such item shall not constitute a waiver by Bank of Borrower s obligation to deliver such item, and the making of any Credit Extension in the absence of a required item shall be in Bank s sole discretion. 
  3.5        Procedures for Borrowing  .     
  
   5 
  BN 22796152v7 

(a)      Subject to the prior satisfaction of all other applicable conditions to the making of an Advance set forth in this Agreement, an Advance shall be made upon Borrower s irrevocable written notice delivered to Bank by electronic mail in the form of a Notice of Borrowing executed by an Authorized Signer or without instructions if any Advances is necessary to meet Obligations which have become due.  Such Notice of Borrowing must be received by Bank prior to 12:00 p.m. Pacific time, (i) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the requested Funding Date, in the case of any LIBOR Advance, and (ii) on the requested Funding Date, in the case of a Prime Rate Advance, specifying: (1) the amount of the Advance; (2) the requested Funding Date; (3) whether the Advance is to be comprised of LIBOR Advances or Prime Rate Advances; and (4) the duration of the Interest Period applicable to any such LIBOR Advances included in such notice; provided that if the Notice of Borrowing shall fail to specify the duration of the Interest Period for any Advance comprised of LIBOR Advances, such Interest Period shall be one (1) month.  In addition to such Notice of Borrowing, Borrower must promptly deliver to Bank by electronic mail a completed Borrowing Base Certificate executed by an Authorized Signer together with such other reports and information, including without limitation, sales journals, cash receipts journals, accounts receivable aging reports, as Bank may request in its sole discretion. 
  (b)      On the Funding Date, Bank shall transfer proceeds of an Advance by wire transfer to such account as Borrower may instruct in the Notice of Borrowing.    
  3.6        Conversion and Continuation Elections  . 
  (a)      So long as (i) no Event of Default exists; (ii) Borrower shall not have sent any notice of termination of this Agreement; and (iii) Borrower shall have complied with such customary procedures as Bank has established from time to time for Borrower s requests for LIBOR Advances, Borrower may, upon irrevocable written notice to Bank: 
  (1)      elect to convert on any Business Day, Prime Rate Advances into LIBOR Advances; 
  (2)      elect to continue on any Interest Payment Date any LIBOR Advances maturing on such Interest Payment Date; or 
  (3)      elect to convert on any Interest Payment Date any LIBOR Advances maturing on such Interest Payment Date into Prime Rate Advances. 
  (b)      Borrower shall deliver a Notice of Conversion/Continuation by electronic mail to be received by Bank prior to 12:00 p.m. Pacific time (i) at least three (3) Business Days in advance of the Conversion Date or Continuation Date, if any Advances are to be converted into or continued as LIBOR Advances; and (ii) on the Conversion Date, if any Advances are to be converted into Prime Rate Advances, in each case specifying the: 
  (1)      proposed Conversion Date or Continuation Date; 
  (2)      aggregate amount of the Advances to be converted or continued; 
  (3)      nature of the proposed conversion or continuation; and 
  (4)      if the resulting Advance is to be a LIBOR Advance, the duration of the requested Interest Period. 
  (c)      If upon the expiration of any Interest Period applicable to any LIBOR Advances, Borrower shall have timely failed to select a new Interest Period to be applicable to such LIBOR Advances or request to convert a LIBOR Advance into a Prime Rate Advance, Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to convert such LIBOR Advances into Prime Rate Advances. 
  
   6 
  BN 22796152v7 

(d)      Any LIBOR Advances shall, at Bank s option, convert into Prime Rate Advances in the event that (i) an Event of Default exists, or (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Prime Rate Advances which have been previously converted to LIBOR Advances, or the aggregate principal amount of existing LIBOR Advances continued, as the case may be, at the beginning of an Interest Period shall at any time during such Interest Period exceeds the lesser of the Revolving Line or the Borrowing Base.  Borrower agrees to pay Bank, upon demand by Bank (or Bank may, at its option, debit any account Borrower maintains with Bank) any amounts required to compensate Bank for any loss (including loss of anticipated profits), cost, or expense incurred by Bank, as a result of the conversion of LIBOR Advances to Prime Rate Advances pursuant to this Section 3.6(d). 
  (e)      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Bank shall not be required to purchase Dollar deposits in the London interbank market or other applicable LIBOR market to fund any LIBOR Advances, but the provisions hereof shall be deemed to apply as if Bank had purchased such deposits to fund the LIBOR Advances. 
  3.7        Special Provisions Governing LIBOR Advances  .   Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the following provisions shall govern with respect to LIBOR Advances as to the matters covered: 
  (a)        Determination of Applicable Interest Rate  .  As soon as practicable on each Interest Rate Determination Date, Bank shall determine (which determination shall, absent manifest error in calculation, be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties) the interest rate that shall apply to the LIBOR Advances for which an interest rate is then being determined for the applicable Interest Period and shall promptly give notice thereof (in writing or by telephone confirmed in writing) to Borrower. 
  (b)        Inability to Determine Applicable Interest Rate  .  In the event that Bank shall have determined (which determination shall be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto), on any Interest Rate Determination Date with respect to any LIBOR Advance, that by reason of circumstances affecting the London interbank market adequate and fair means do not exist for ascertaining the interest rate applicable to such LIBOR Advance on the basis provided for in the definition of LIBOR, Bank shall on such date give notice (by facsimile or by telephone confirmed in writing) to Borrower of such determination, whereupon (i) no Advances may be made as, or converted to, LIBOR Advances until such time as Bank notifies Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, and (ii) any Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation given by Borrower with respect to LIBOR Advances in respect of which such determination was made shall be deemed to be rescinded by Borrower. 
  (c)        Compensation for Breakage or Non-Commencement of Interest Periods  .  If (i) for any reason, other than a default by Bank or any failure of Bank to fund LIBOR Advances due to impracticability or illegality under Sections 3.8(c) and 3.8(d) of this Agreement, a borrowing or a conversion to or continuation of any LIBOR Advance does not occur on a date specified in a Notice of Borrowing or a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, as the case may be, or (ii) any complete or partial principal payment or reduction of a LIBOR Advance, or any conversion of any LIBOR Advance, occurs on a date prior to the last day of an Interest Period applicable to that LIBOR Advance, including due to voluntary or mandatory prepayment or acceleration, then, in each case, Borrower shall compensate Bank, upon written request by Bank, for all losses and expenses incurred by Bank in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of: 
  (A)      the amount of interest that would have accrued on the amount (1) not borrowed, converted or continued as provided in clause (i) above, or (2) paid, reduced or converted as provided in clause (ii) above, for the period from (y) the date of such failure to borrow, convert or continue as provided in clause (i) above, or the date of such payment, reduction or conversion as provided in clause (ii) above, as the case may be, to (z) in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue as provided in clause (i) above, the last day of the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such borrowing, conversion or continuing but for such failure, and in the case of a payment, reduction or conversion prior to the last day of an Interest Period applicable to a LIBOR Advance as provided in clause (ii) above, the last day of such Interest Period, in each case at the applicable rate of  
  
   7 
  BN 22796152v7 

interest or other return for such LIBOR Advance(s) provided for herein (excluding, however, the LIBOR Rate Margin included therein, if any), over  
  (B)      the interest which would have accrued to Bank on the applicable amount provided in clause (A) above through the purchase of a Eurodollar deposit bearing interest at the rate obtained pursuant to the definition of LIBOR Rate on the date of such failure to borrow, convert or continue as provided in clause (i) above, or the date of such payment, reduction or conversion as provided in clause (ii) above, as the case may be, for a period equal to the remaining period of such applicable Interest Period provided in clause (A) above.   
  Bank s request shall set forth in reasonable detail the manner and method of computing such compensation and such determination as to such compensation shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
  (d)        Assumptions Concerning Funding of LIBOR Advances  .  Calculation of all amounts payable to Bank under this Section 3.7 and under Section 3.8 shall be made as though Bank had actually funded each relevant LIBOR Advance through the purchase of a Eurodollar deposit bearing interest at the rate obtained pursuant to the definition of LIBOR Rate in an amount equal to the amount of such LIBOR Advance and having a maturity comparable to the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that Bank may fund each of its LIBOR Advances in any manner it sees fit and the foregoing assumptions shall be utilized only for the purposes of calculating amounts payable under this Section 3.7 and under Section 3.8. 
  (e)        LIBOR Advances After Default  .  After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) Borrower may not elect to have an Advance be made or continued as, or converted to, a LIBOR Advance after the expiration of any Interest Period then in effect for such Advance and (ii) subject to the provisions of Section 3.7(c), any Notice of Conversion/Continuation given by Borrower with respect to a requested conversion/continuation that has not yet occurred shall, at Bank s option, be deemed to be rescinded by Borrower and be deemed a request to convert or continue Advances referred to therein as Prime Rate Advances. 
  3.8        Additional Requirements/Provisions Regarding LIBOR Advances  . 
  (a)      Borrower shall pay Bank, upon demand by Bank, from time to time such amounts as Bank may determine in its reasonable discretion to be necessary to compensate it for any costs incurred by Bank that Bank determines in its reasonable discretion are attributable to its making or maintaining of any amount receivable by Bank hereunder in respect of any LIBOR Advances relating thereto (such increases in costs and reductions in amounts receivable being herein called    Additional Costs   ), in each case resulting from any Regulatory Change which: 
  (i)      changes the basis of taxation of any amounts payable to Bank under this Agreement in respect of any LIBOR Advances (other than changes which affect taxes measured by or imposed on the overall net income of Bank by the jurisdiction in which Bank has its principal office);  
  (ii)      imposes or modifies any reserve, special deposit or similar requirements relating to any extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with, or other liabilities of Bank (including any LIBOR Advances or any deposits referred to in the definition of LIBOR); or 
  (iii)      imposes any other condition affecting this Agreement (or any of such extensions of credit or liabilities). 
  Bank will notify Borrower of any event occurring after the Effective Date which will entitle Bank to compensation pursuant to this Section 3.8(a) as promptly as practicable after it obtains knowledge thereof and determines to request such compensation.  Bank will furnish Borrower with a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and amount of each request by Bank for compensation under this Section 3.8(a).  Determinations and allocations by Bank for purposes of this Section 3.8(a) of the effect of any Regulatory Change on its costs of maintaining its obligations to make LIBOR Advances, of making or maintaining LIBOR Advances, or on amounts receivable by it in respect of LIBOR Advances, and of the additional amounts required to compensate Bank in respect of any Additional Costs, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
  
   8 
  BN 22796152v7 

(b)      If Bank shall determine that the adoption or implementation of any applicable law, rule, regulation, or treaty regarding capital adequacy, or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority, central bank, or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by Bank (or its applicable lending office) with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank, or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital of Bank or any person or entity controlling Bank (a    Parent   ) as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that which Bank (or its Parent) could have achieved but for such adoption, change, or compliance (taking into consideration policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by Bank to be material, then from time to time, within five (5) days after demand by Bank, Borrower shall pay to Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Bank for such reduction.  A statement of Bank claiming compensation under this Section 3.8(b) and setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.8, Borrower shall not be required to compensate Bank pursuant to this Section 3.8(b) for any amounts incurred more than nine (9) months prior to the date that Bank notifies Borrower of Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such nine month period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect.  The obligations of the Borrower arising pursuant to this Section 3.8(b) shall survive the Revolving Line Maturity Date, the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of all Obligations. 
  (c)      If, at any time, Bank, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that (i) the amount of LIBOR Advances for periods equal to the corresponding Interest Periods are not available to Bank in the offshore currency interbank markets, or (ii) LIBOR does not accurately reflect the cost to Bank of lending the LIBOR Advances, then Bank shall promptly give notice thereof to Borrower.  Upon the giving of such notice, Bank s obligation to make the LIBOR Advances shall terminate; provided, however, LIBOR Advances shall not terminate if Bank and Borrower agree in writing to a different interest rate applicable to LIBOR Advances.  
  (d)      If it shall become unlawful for Bank to continue to fund or maintain any LIBOR Advances, or to perform its obligations hereunder, upon demand by Bank, Borrower shall prepay the LIBOR Advances in full with accrued interest thereon and all other amounts payable by Borrower hereunder (including, without limitation, any amount payable in connection with such prepayment pursuant to Section 3.7(c)(ii)).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent a determination by Bank as described above relates to a LIBOR Advance then being requested by Borrower pursuant to a Notice of Borrowing or a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, Borrower shall have the option, subject to the provisions of Section 3.7(c)(ii), to (i) rescind such Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation by giving notice (by facsimile or by telephone confirmed in writing) to Bank of such rescission on the date on which Bank gives notice of its determination as described above, or (ii) modify such Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation to obtain a Prime Rate Advance or to have outstanding Advances converted into or continued as Prime Rate Advances by giving notice (by facsimile or by telephone confirmed in writing) to Bank of such modification on the date on which Bank gives notice of its determination as described above. 
  4.        CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST    
  4.1        Grant of Security Interest  .  Borrower hereby grants Bank, to secure the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and pledges to Bank, the Collateral, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof.  For the avoidance of doubt, at all times, the Collateral shall include all proceeds of all Intellectual Property (whether acquired upon the sale, lease, license, exchange or other disposition of such Intellectual Property) and all other rights arising out of Intellectual Property. 
  Borrower acknowledges that it previously has entered, and/or may in the future enter, into Bank Services Agreements with Bank.  Regardless of the terms of any Bank Services Agreement, Borrower agrees that any amounts Borrower owes Bank thereunder shall be deemed to be Obligations hereunder and that it is the intent of Borrower and Bank to have all such Obligations secured by the first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral granted herein.  The Collateral may also be subject to Permitted Liens.   
  
   9 
  BN 22796152v7 

If this Agreement is terminated, Bank s Lien in the Collateral shall continue until the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) are repaid in full in cash.  Upon payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) and at such time as Bank s obligation to make Credit Extensions has terminated, Bank shall, at the sole cost and expense of Borrower, release its Liens in the Collateral and all rights therein shall revert to Borrower.  In the event (x) all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations), except for Bank Services, are satisfied in full, and (y) this Agreement is terminated, Bank shall terminate the security interest granted herein upon Borrower providing cash collateral acceptable to Bank in its good faith business judgment for Bank Services, if any.  In the event such Bank Services consist of outstanding Letters of Credit, Borrower shall provide to Bank cash collateral in an amount equal to at least one hundred five percent (105.0%), of the face amount of all such Letters of Credit plus all interest, fees, and costs due or to become due in connection therewith (as estimated by Bank in its business judgment), to secure all of the Obligations relating to such Letters of Credit. 
  4.2        Priority of Security Interest  .  Borrower represents, warrants, and covenants that the security interest granted herein is and shall at all times continue to be a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral.  The Collateral may also be subject to Permitted Liens.  If Borrower shall acquire one or more commercial tort claims with demand for recovery in excess of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) in the aggregate, Borrower shall promptly notify Bank in a writing signed by Borrower of the general details thereof and grant to Bank in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank.  
  4.3        Authorization to File Financing Statements  .  Borrower hereby authorizes Bank to file financing statements, without notice to Borrower, with all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect or protect Bank s interest or rights hereunder, including a notice that any disposition of the Collateral, by either Borrower or any other Person, shall be deemed to violate the rights of Bank under the Code.   
  5.        REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
  Borrower represents and warrants as follows:  
  5.1        Due Organization, Authorization; Power and Authority  .  Borrower is duly existing and in good standing as a Registered Organization in its jurisdiction of formation and is qualified and licensed to do business and is in good standing in any jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership of property requires that it be qualified except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrower s business.  In connection with this Agreement, Borrower has delivered to Bank a completed certificate signed by Borrower, entitled    Perfection Certificate   .  Borrower represents and warrants to Bank that, except as may have been updated by a notification to Bank pursuant to Section 7.2, (a) Borrower s exact legal name is that indicated on the Perfection Certificate and on the signature page hereof; (b) Borrower is an organization of the type and is organized in the jurisdiction set forth in the Perfection Certificate; (c) the Perfection Certificate accurately sets forth Borrower s organizational identification number or accurately states that Borrower has none; (d) the Perfection Certificate accurately sets forth Borrower s place of business, or, if more than one, its chief executive office as well as Borrower s mailing address (if different than its chief executive office); (e) except as disclosed in the Perfection Certificate, Borrower (and each of its predecessors) has not, in the past five (5) years, changed its jurisdiction of formation, organizational structure or type, or any organizational number assigned by its jurisdiction; and (f) all other information set forth on the Perfection Certificate pertaining to Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is accurate and complete in all material respects (it being understood and agreed that Borrower may from time to time update certain information in the Perfection Certificate after the Effective Date to the extent permitted by one or more specific provisions in this Agreement).  If Borrower is not now a Registered Organization but later becomes one, Borrower shall promptly notify Bank of such occurrence and provide Bank with Borrower s organizational identification number. 
  The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of the Loan Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized, and do not (i) conflict with any of Borrower s organizational documents, (ii) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default under or violate any material Requirement of Law, (iii) contravene, conflict or violate any applicable order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Authority by which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their property or assets may be bound or affected, (iv) require any action by, filing,  
  
   10 
  BN 22796152v7 

registration, or qualification with, or Governmental Approval from, any Governmental Authority (except such Governmental Approvals which have already been obtained and are in full force and effect and filings necessary to perfect the Liens created under the Loan Documents) or (v) conflict with, contravene, constitute a default or breach under, or result in or permit the termination or acceleration of, any material agreement by which Borrower is bound.  Borrower is not in default under any agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound in which the default could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrower s business. 
  5.2        Collateral  .  Borrower has good title to, rights in, and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien hereunder, free and clear of any and all Liens except Permitted Liens.  Borrower has no Collateral Accounts at or with any bank or financial institution other than Bank or Bank s Affiliates except for the Collateral Accounts described in the Perfection Certificate delivered to Bank in connection herewith or for which Borrower has taken such actions as are necessary to give Bank a perfected security interest therein to the extent required by the term of   Section 6.6  .  To Borrower s knowledge, the Accounts are bona fide, existing obligations of the Account Debtors.  
  The Collateral is not in the possession of any third party bailee (such as a warehouse) except as otherwise provided in the Perfection Certificate or as permitted pursuant to Section 7.2.  None of the components of the Collateral shall be maintained at locations other than as provided in the Perfection Certificate or as permitted pursuant to Section 7.2.   
  All Inventory is in all material respects of good and marketable quality, free from material defects.   
  Borrower is the sole owner of the Intellectual Property which it owns or purports to own except for (a) non-exclusive licenses granted to third parties in the ordinary course of business or disclosed on the Perfection Certificate, (b) over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public, and (c) material Intellectual Property licensed to Borrower and noted on the Perfection Certificate.  To Borrower s knowledge, each Patent which it owns or purports to own and which is material to Borrower s business is valid and enforceable, and no part of the Intellectual Property which Borrower owns or purports to own and which is material to Borrower s business has been judged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part.  To the best of Borrower s knowledge, no claim has been made in writing that any part of the Intellectual Property violates the rights of any third party except to the extent such claim would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrower s business.  
  Except as noted on the Perfection Certificate, or with respect to which notice is provided pursuant to Section 6.8(b) hereof, Borrower is not a party to, nor is it bound by, any Restricted License. 
  5.3        Accounts Receivable  .   
  (a)      For any Eligible Account in any Borrowing Base Certificate, all statements made and all unpaid balances appearing in all invoices, instruments and other documents evidencing such Eligible Accounts are and shall be true and correct in all material respects and all such invoices, instruments and other documents, and all of Borrower's Books are genuine and in all material respects what they purport to be.  If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or during a Net Cash Trigger Period, Bank may notify any Account Debtor owing Borrower money of Bank s security interest in such funds and verify the amount of such Eligible Account.   
  (b)      All sales and other transactions underlying or giving rise to each Eligible Account shall comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and governmental rules and regulations.  Borrower has no knowledge of any actual or imminent Insolvency Proceeding of any Account Debtor whose accounts are Eligible Accounts in any Borrowing Base Certificate.  To the best of Borrower s knowledge, all signatures and endorsements on all documents, instruments, and agreements relating to all Eligible Accounts are genuine, and all such documents, instruments and agreements are legally enforceable in accordance with their terms, except to the extent the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and other laws affecting creditor's rights generally and by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law). 
  
   11 
  BN 22796152v7 

5.4        Litigation  .  Except as disclosed pursuant to Section 6.2(j), there are no actions or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer, threatened in writing by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries involving more than, individually or in the aggregate, Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000). 
  5.5        Financial Statements; Financial Condition  .  All consolidated financial statements for Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries delivered to Bank fairly present in all material respects Borrower s consolidated financial condition and Borrower s consolidated results of operations as of the dates and for the periods presented.  There has not been any material deterioration in Borrower s consolidated financial condition since the date of the most recent financial statements submitted to Bank. 
  5.6        Solvency  .  The fair salable value of Borrower s consolidated assets (including goodwill minus disposition costs) exceeds the fair value of Borrower s liabilities; Borrower is not left with unreasonably small capital after the transactions in this Agreement; and Borrower is able to pay its debts generally (including trade debts) as they mature. 
  5.7        Regulatory Compliance  .  Borrower is not an  investment company  or a company  controlled  by an  investment company  under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  Borrower is not engaged as one of its important activities in extending credit for margin stock (under Regulations X, T and U of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors).  Borrower (a) has complied in all material respects with all Requirements of Law, and (b) has not violated any Requirements of Law the violation of which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its business.  None of Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries  properties or assets has been used by Borrower or any Subsidiary or, to the best of Borrower s knowledge, by previous Persons, in disposing, producing, storing, treating, or transporting any hazardous substance other than legally.  Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained all material consents, approvals and authorizations of, made all declarations or filings with, and given all notices to, all Governmental Authorities that are necessary to continue their respective businesses as currently conducted.  
  5.8        Subsidiaries; Investments  .  Borrower does not own any stock, partnership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities except for Permitted Investments. 
  5.9        Tax Returns and Payments; Pension Contributions  .  Borrower has timely filed all required tax returns and reports, and Borrower has timely paid all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower except (a) to the extent such taxes are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as such reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made therefor, or (b) if such taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions do not, individually or in the aggregate, exceed $250,000. 
  To the extent Borrower defers payment of any contested taxes, Borrower shall (i) notify Bank in writing of the commencement of, and any material development in, the proceedings, and (ii) post bonds or take any other steps required to prevent the governmental authority levying such contested taxes from obtaining a Lien upon any of the Collateral that is other than a    Permitted Lien.     Borrower is unaware of any claims or adjustments proposed for any of Borrower's prior tax years which could result in additional taxes becoming due and payable by Borrower in excess of $250,000.  Borrower has paid all amounts necessary to fund all present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with their terms, and Borrower has not withdrawn from participation in, and has not permitted partial or complete termination of, or permitted the occurrence of any other event with respect to, any such plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of Borrower, including any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or its successors or any other governmental agency. 
  5.10        Use of Proceeds  .  Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions solely as working capital, for general corporate purposes and to fund its general business requirements. 
  5.11        Full Disclosure  .  No written representation, warranty or other statement of Borrower in any certificate or written statement given to Bank, as of the date such representation, warranty, or other statement was made, taken together with all such written certificates and written statements given to Bank, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained in the certificates or statements  
  
   12 
  BN 22796152v7 

not misleading (it being recognized by Bank that the projections and forecasts provided by Borrower in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ materially from the projected or forecasted results). 
  5.12        Definition of      Knowledge.     For purposes of the Loan Documents, whenever a representation or warranty is made to Borrower s knowledge or awareness, to the    best of    Borrower s knowledge, or with a similar qualification, knowledge or awareness means the actual knowledge, after reasonable investigation, of any Responsible Officer. 
  6.        AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
  Borrower shall do all of the following: 
  6.1        Government Compliance  .   
  (a)      Except as permitted by Sections 7.1 and 7.3, maintain its and all its Subsidiaries  legal existence and good standing in their respective jurisdictions of formation and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrower s business or operations.  Borrower shall comply, and have each Subsidiary comply, in all material respects, with all laws, ordinances and regulations to which it is subject. 
  (b)      Obtain all of the Governmental Approvals necessary for the performance by Borrower of its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the grant of a security interest to Bank in all of its property.  Borrower shall promptly, upon Bank s request, provide copies of any such obtained Governmental Approvals to Bank. 
  6.2        Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates  .  Provide Bank with the following: 
  (a)        Borrowing Base Reports  .  During a Net Cash Trigger Period, and so long as Credit Extensions are being requested or are outstanding, within thirty (30) days after the last day of each month, aged listings of accounts receivable (separately reporting for domestic and foreign accounts receivable), and accounts payable (by invoice date), a sell through report, and a deferred revenue schedule (the    Borrowing Base Reports    
  (b)        Borrowing Base Certificate  .  During a Net Cash Trigger Period, and so long as Credit Extensions are being requested or are outstanding, within thirty (30) days after the last day of each month and together with the Borrowing Base Reports, a duly completed Borrowing Base Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer; 
  (c)        Quarterly Financial Statements  .  As soon as available, but no later than forty five (45) days after the last day of each of the first three fiscal quarters of Borrower s fiscal year, a company prepared consolidated balance sheet and income statement covering Borrower s and each of its Subsidiary s operations for such fiscal quarter certified by a Responsible Officer and in a form reasonably acceptable to Bank (the    Quarterly Financial Statements     
  (d)        Compliance Certificate  .  Within forty five (45) days after the last day of each fiscal quarter and thirty (30) days after the last day of each month during a Net Cash Trigger Period, a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer, certifying that as of the end of such period, Borrower was in full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and setting forth calculations showing compliance with the financial covenants set forth in this Agreement and such other information as Bank may reasonably request; 
  (e)        Annual Operating Budget and Financial Projections  .  Within thirty (30) days after approval by Borrower s board of directors, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the end of each fiscal year of Borrower, (i) annual operating budgets (including income statements, balance sheets and cash flow statements, by quarter) for the upcoming fiscal year of Borrower, and (ii) annual financial projections for the following fiscal year (on a quarterly basis) as approved by Borrower s board of directors, together with any related business forecasts used in the preparation of such annual financial projections; 
  
   13 
  BN 22796152v7 

(f)        Annual Audited Financial Statements  .  As soon as available, but no later than one hundred eighty (180) days after the last day of Borrower s fiscal year, audited consolidated financial statements prepared under GAAP, consistently applied, together with an unqualified opinion on the financial statements from Deloitte or another independent certified public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Bank; 
  (g)        Net Cash  . Promptly upon knowledge of the same, notice that Borrower s Net Cash has fallen below $65,000,000 or below $50,000,000. 
  (h)        Monthly Cash Reporting  .  At any time Borrower s Net Cash is less than $65,000,000, monthly account statements for each of the deposit account or securities account maintained by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than accounts maintained with Bank), as soon as available, but no later than 3 Business Days after the last day of each month. 
  (i)        SEC Filings  .  Within five (5) days of filing, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by Borrower with the SEC, any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC or with any national securities exchange, or distributed to its shareholders, as the case may be.  Documents required to be delivered pursuant to the terms of this Section 6.2 (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, on Borrower s website on the Internet at Borrower s website address. As to any information contained in the materials furnished pursuant to this clause (h), Borrower shall not be required separately to furnish such information under clauses (c) and (f), but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in such clauses (c) and (f) at the times specified therein. 
  (j)        Legal Action Notice  .  A prompt report of any legal actions pending or threatened in writing against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to result in damages or costs to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of, individually or in the aggregate, Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) or more; and 
  (k)        Other Financial Information  .  Other financial information reasonably requested by Bank.  
  6.3        Inventory; Returns  .  Keep all Inventory in good and marketable condition, free from material defects.  Returns and allowances between Borrower and its Account Debtors shall follow Borrower s customary practices as they exist at the Effective Date.  Borrower must promptly notify Bank of all returns, recoveries, disputes and claims that involve (a) during a Net Cash Trigger Period, more than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), and (b) at all other times, more than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000). 
  6.4        Taxes; Pensions  .  Timely file, and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely file, all required tax returns and reports and timely pay, and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely pay, all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, except as otherwise permitted by the terms of Section 5.9 hereof, and shall deliver to Bank, on demand, appropriate certificates attesting to such payments, and pay all amounts necessary to fund all present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with their terms. 
  6.5        Insurance  .   
  (a)      Keep its business and the Collateral insured for risks and in amounts standard for companies in Borrower s industry and location and as Bank may reasonably request.  Insurance policies shall be in a form, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of Borrower, and in amounts that are reasonably satisfactory to Bank.  All property policies shall have a lender s loss payable endorsement showing Bank as the sole lender loss payee.  All liability policies shall show, or have endorsements showing, Bank as an additional insured.  Bank shall be named as lender loss payee and/or additional insured with respect to any such insurance providing coverage in respect of any Collateral.  
  
   14 
  BN 22796152v7 

(b)      Ensure that proceeds payable under any property policy are, at Bank s option, payable to Bank on account of the Obligations.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower shall have the option of applying the proceeds of any casualty policy up to Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000) individually with respect to any one loss, and in the aggregate for all losses under all casualty policies in any one year, toward the replacement or repair of destroyed or damaged property or for other property useful in the business; provided that any such replacement or repaired property (i) shall be of equal or like value as the replaced or repaired Collateral and (ii) shall be deemed Collateral in which Bank has been granted a first priority security interest; provided that the Collateral may also be subject to Permitted Liens, and (b) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all proceeds payable under such casualty policy shall, at the option of Bank, be payable to Bank on account of the Obligations.   
  (c)      [reserved]. 
  (d)      At Bank s request, Borrower shall deliver certified copies of insurance policies and evidence of all premium payments.  Each provider of any such insurance required under this Section 6.5 shall agree, by endorsement upon the policy or policies issued by it or by independent instruments furnished to Bank, that it will give Bank thirty (30) days prior written notice before any such policy or policies shall be materially altered or canceled.  If Borrower fails to obtain insurance as required under this Section 6.5 or to pay any amount or furnish any required proof of payment to third persons and Bank, Bank may make all or part of such payment or obtain such insurance policies required in this Section 6.5, and take any action under the policies Bank deems prudent. 
  6.6        Operating Accounts and Control Agreements  .  For each Collateral Account that Borrower at any time maintains in the United States, Borrower shall cause the applicable bank or financial institution (other than Bank) at or with which any Collateral Account is maintained to execute and deliver a Control Agreement or other appropriate instrument with respect to such Collateral Account to perfect Bank s Lien in such Collateral Account in accordance with the terms hereunder which Control Agreement may not be terminated without the prior written consent of Bank.  The provisions of the previous sentence shall not apply to (i) deposit accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of Borrower s employees and identified to Bank by Borrower as such or (ii) Borrower s accounts maintained at JPMorgan Bank and BlackRock until the earlier of (a) ninety (90) days after the Effective Date (or such later date as the Bank may agree in its sole discretion), or (b) 10 days prior to the initial extension of credit hereunder.  Borrower shall at all times maintain no less than seventy-five percent (75%) of its Net Cash in a branch office of a bank or securities intermediary located within the United States. 
  6.7        Financial Covenant  .  Maintain at all times, subject to periodic reporting as of the last day of (i) each month (if such date occurs within a Net Cash Trigger Period), or (ii) each quarter (if such date does not occur within a Net Cash Trigger Period), an Adjusted Quick Ratio of at least 1.50 to 1.0. 
  6.8        Protection of Intellectual Property Rights  .   
  (a)      (i) Protect, defend and maintain the validity and enforceability of its Intellectual Property material to Borrower s business; (ii) promptly advise Bank in writing of material infringements or any other event that could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the value of its Intellectual Property; and (iii) not allow any Intellectual Property material to Borrower s business to be abandoned, forfeited or dedicated to the public without Bank s written consent.   
  (b)      Provide written notice to Bank concurrently with the required delivery of a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.2 of entering or becoming bound by any Restricted License (other than over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public) since the date of delivery of the most recently delivered Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.2.   
  6.9        Litigation Cooperation  .  From the date hereof and continuing through the termination of this Agreement, make available to Bank, without expense to Bank, Borrower and its officers, employees and agents and Borrower's books and records, to the extent that Bank may deem them reasonably necessary to prosecute or defend any third-party suit or proceeding instituted by or against Bank with respect to any Collateral or relating to Borrower. 
  
   15 
  BN 22796152v7 

6.10        [Reserved]  .   
  6.11        Initial Audit  .  Bank shall have completed the Initial Audit, with results satisfactory to Bank in its sole and absolute discretion, within the earlier of (i) 120 days after the Effective Date or (ii) 10 days prior to the initial extension of credit hereunder. 
  6.12        Access to Collateral; Books and Records  .  Upon reasonable prior notice (provided no notice is required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), allow Bank, or its agents, to inspect the Collateral and audit and copy Borrower s Books.  Such inspections or audits shall be conducted no more often than once every twelve (12) months unless Bank reasonably determines that conditions warrant more frequent inspections and audit or unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which case such inspections and audits shall occur as often as Bank shall determine is necessary.  The foregoing inspections and audits shall be at Borrower s expense, and the charge therefor shall be $1,000 per person per day (or such higher amount as shall represent Bank s then-current standard charge for the same), plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.   
  6.13        Formation or Acquisition of Subsidiaries  .  Notwithstanding and without limiting the negative covenants contained in Sections 7.3 and 7.7 hereof, within thirty (30) days (or such longer period as Bank may agree) after Borrower or any Guarantor forms any direct or indirect Subsidiary or acquires any direct or indirect Subsidiary after the Effective Date, Borrower and such Guarantor shall (a) cause any such new Domestic Subsidiary to provide to Bank a joinder or Guaranty (at Bank s election), together with such appropriate financing statements and/or Control Agreements, all in form and substance satisfactory to Bank (including being sufficient to grant Bank a first priority Lien; provided, however, the Collateral may also be subject to Permitted Liens), (b) provide to Bank appropriate certificates and powers and financing statements, pledging all of the direct or beneficial ownership interest in such new Subsidiary to the extent constituting Collateral, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank, and (c) provide to Bank all other documentation in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, including one or more opinions of counsel satisfactory to Bank, which in its opinion is appropriate with respect to the execution and delivery of the applicable documentation referred to above.  Any document, agreement, or instrument executed or issued pursuant to this Section 6.13 shall be a Loan Document.    Notwithstanding the foregoing  , to the extent such new Subsidiary is created solely for the purpose of consummating an acquisition permitted by Section 7.3, and such new Subsidiary at no time holds any assets or liabilities other than any merger consideration contributed to it contemporaneously with the closing of such transactions, such new Subsidiary shall not be required to take the actions set forth in this Section 6.13, as applicable, until the respective acquisition is consummated (at which time the surviving entity of the respective transaction shall be required to so comply in accordance with the provisions hereof). 
  6.14        Further Assurances  .  Execute any further instruments and take further action as Bank reasonably requests to perfect or continue Bank s Lien in the Collateral or to effect the purposes of this Agreement.  Upon Bank s reasonable request, deliver to Bank, within five (5) days after the same are sent or received, copies of all correspondence, reports, documents and other filings with any Governmental Authority regarding compliance with or maintenance of Governmental Approvals or Requirements of Law, in each case that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on any of the Governmental Approvals or otherwise on the operations of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
  7.        NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
  Borrower shall not do any of the following without Bank s prior written consent: 
  7.1        Dispositions  .  Convey, sell, lease, transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of (collectively,  Transfer ), or permit any of its Subsidiaries to Transfer, all or any part of its business or property, except for Transfers (a) of Inventory in the ordinary course of business; (b) of worn out or obsolete Equipment that is, in the reasonable judgment of Borrower, no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the ordinary course of business of Borrower; (c) consisting of Permitted Liens and Permitted Investments; (d) consisting of Borrower s use or transfer or money or Cash Equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; (e) of non-exclusive licenses for the use of the property of Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; and (f) other Transfers in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000 during the term of this Agreement. 
  
   16 
  BN 22796152v7 

7.2        Changes in Business, Ownership Control, or Business Locations  .  (a) Engage in or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business other than the businesses currently engaged in by Borrower and such Subsidiary, as applicable, or reasonably related thereto; (b) liquidate or dissolve; or (c) permit or suffer any Change in Control.   
  Borrower shall not, without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to Bank: (1) add any new offices or business locations, including warehouses (unless such new offices or business locations each contain less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) in Borrower s assets or property) or deliver any portion of the Collateral valued, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per location to a bailee at a location other than to a bailee and at a location already disclosed in the Perfection Certificate, (2) change its jurisdiction of organization, (3) change its organizational type, (4) change its legal name, or (5) change any organizational number (if any) assigned by its jurisdiction of organization.  If Borrower intends to deliver any portion of the Collateral valued, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per location to a bailee not already disclosed in the Perfection Certificate, and Bank and such bailee are not already parties to a bailee agreement governing both the Collateral and the location to which Borrower intends to deliver the Collateral, then Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to have such bailee execute and deliver a bailee agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank. 
  7.3        Mergers or Acquisitions  .  Merge or consolidate, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate, with any other Person, or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to acquire, all or substantially all of the capital stock or property of another Person (including, without limitation, by the formation of any Subsidiary) except: 
  (a)      purchases or other acquisitions by Borrower of the capital stock in a Person that, upon the consummation thereof, will be a Subsidiary (including as a result of a merger or consolidation) or all or substantially all of the assets of, or assets constituting one or more business units of, any Person;   provided     that  , with respect to each such purchase or other acquisition: 
  (i)  total consideration including cash, Earn-Out Obligations and the value of any non-cash, for all such transactions during the term of this Agreement does not in the aggregate exceed Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000); 
  (ii)  after giving effect to any such purchase or other acquisition, (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (B) Borrower shall be in compliance, on a pro forma basis, with the financial covenants for the trailing three month period ended on the last day of the most recent month ending at least 30 days prior to the consummation of such purchase or other acquisition;  
  (iii)   [reserved];  
  (iv)  all transactions related thereto are consummated in accordance with all requirements of law in all material respects and, in the case of any acquisition of a Person, the board of directors or equivalent governing body of such acquired Person or its selling equity-holders shall have approved such purchase or other acquisition,  
  (v)  the business of such Person, or such assets, as the case may be, constitute a business that is of the type conducted by Borrower on the Effective Date or reasonably related, ancillary thereto, complementary, synergistic or reasonable extensions thereof,  
  (vi)  Borrower shall have provided to Bank a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that all the requirements set forth in this Section have been satisfied with respect to such purchase or other acquisition, together with reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating satisfaction of the requirement set forth in Section 7.3(a)(ii), and 
  
   17 
  BN 22796152v7 

(vii)  Borrower shall provide to Bank as soon as available but in any event not later than five (5) Business Days after the execution thereof, a copy of any executed purchase agreement or similar agreement with respect to any such purchase or acquisition. 
  (b)      any Subsidiary of a Loan Party may be merged or consolidated with or into a Loan Party (  provided   that a Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person). 
  7.4        Indebtedness  .  Create, incur, assume, or be liable for any Indebtedness, or permit any Subsidiary to do so, other than Permitted Indebtedness. 
  7.5        Encumbrance  .  Create, incur, allow, or suffer any Lien on any of its property, or assign or convey any right to receive income, including the sale of any Accounts, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except for Permitted Liens, permit any Collateral not to be subject to the first priority security interest granted herein (provided, however, the Collateral may also be subject to Permitted Liens), or enter into any agreement, document, instrument or other arrangement (except with or in favor of Bank) with any Person which directly or indirectly prohibits or has the effect of prohibiting Borrower or any Subsidiary from assigning, mortgaging, pledging, granting a security interest in or upon, or encumbering any of Borrower s or any Subsidiary s Intellectual Property in favor of Bank, except as is otherwise permitted in Section 7.1 hereof and the definition of    Permitted Liens    herein. 
  7.6        Maintenance of Collateral Accounts  .  Maintain any Collateral Account except pursuant to the terms of Section 6.6 hereof. 
  7.7        Distributions; Investments  .  (a) Pay any dividends or make any distribution or payment or redeem, retire or purchase any capital stock provided that (i) Borrower may convert any of its convertible securities into other securities pursuant to the terms of such convertible securities or otherwise in exchange thereof and pay cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with such conversions, (ii) Borrower may pay dividends solely in common stock; (iii) Borrower may repurchase the stock of former employees or consultants pursuant to stock repurchase agreements so long as an Event of Default does not exist at the time of such repurchase and would not exist after giving effect to such repurchase, provided that the aggregate amount of all such repurchases does not exceed Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000) in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement; (iv) Borrower may repurchase its capital stock pursuant to a stock repurchase program approved by Borrower s board of directors,   provided   that (A) the aggregate amount of all such repurchases does not exceed Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000) in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement and (B) no Net Cash Trigger Period is then in effect; or (b) directly or indirectly make any Investment (including, without limitation, by the formation of any Subsidiary) other than Permitted Investments, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so; or (v) Borrower may repurchase equity securities to the extent that such repurchase is deemed to occur (A) upon  net exercise  of options or warrants if such equity securities represent the exercise price of such options or warrants or (B) in connection with the retention of equity securities in payment of withholding taxes in connection with equity-based compensation plans. 
  7.8        Transactions with Affiliates  .  Directly or indirectly enter into or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate of Borrower, except for (i) transactions that are in the ordinary course of Borrower s business, upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to Borrower than would be obtained in an arm s length transaction with a non-affiliated Person, (ii) transactions permitted pursuant to Sections 7.3 and 7.7, (iii) transactions between or among Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are not otherwise prohibited by this Article 7, (iv) reasonable and customary indemnification arrangements with regard to officers and directors that are approved by the Borrower s board of directors in accordance with applicable law, and (v) reasonable and customary compensation arrangements (including equity based compensation) with Borrower s employees and consultants in the ordinary course of business and consistent with industry practice. 
  7.9        Subordinated Debt  .  (a) Make or permit any payment on any Subordinated Debt, except under the terms of the subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement to which such Subordinated Debt is subject, or (b) except as otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of the subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement in favor of Bank (which agreement shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank) to which the Subordinated Debt is subject, amend any provision in any document relating to the Subordinated Debt which would  
  
   18 
  BN 22796152v7 

increase the amount thereof, provide for earlier or greater principal, interest, or other payments thereon, or adversely affect the subordination thereof to Obligations owed to Bank. 
  7.10        Compliance  .  Become an    investment company    or a company controlled by an    investment company   , under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or undertake as one of its important activities extending credit to purchase or carry margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), or use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for that purpose; fail to (a) meet the minimum funding requirements of ERISA, (b) prevent a Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, as defined in ERISA, from occurring, or (c) comply with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act, the failure of any of the conditions described in clauses (a) through (c) which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrower s business; or violate any other law or regulation, if the violation could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrower s business, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so; withdraw or permit any Subsidiary to withdraw from participation in, permit partial or complete termination of, or permit the occurrence of any other event with respect to, any present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of Borrower, including any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or its successors or any other governmental agency. 
  8.        EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
  Any one of the following shall constitute an event of default (an    Event of Default   ) under this Agreement: 
  8.1        Payment Default  .  Borrower fails to (a) make any payment of principal or interest on any Credit Extension when due, or (b) pay any other Obligations within three (3) Business Days after such Obligations are due and payable (which three (3) Business Day cure period shall not apply to payments due on the Revolving Line Maturity Date).  During the cure period, the failure to make or pay any payment specified under clause (b) hereunder is not an Event of Default (but no Credit Extension will be made during the cure period); 
  8.2        Covenant Default  .   
  (a)      Borrower fails or neglects to perform any obligation in Sections 6.2, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6, 6.7, or 6.12 or violates any covenant in Section 7; or 
  (b)      Borrower fails or neglects to perform, keep, or observe any other term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or any Loan Documents, and as to any default (other than those specified in this Section 8) under such other term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement that can be cured, has failed to cure the default within twenty (20) days after the occurrence thereof; provided, however, that if the default cannot by its nature be cured within the twenty (20) day period or cannot after diligent attempts by Borrower be cured within such twenty (20) day period, and such default is likely to be cured within a reasonable time, then Borrower shall have an additional period (which shall not in any case exceed twenty (20) days) to attempt to cure such default, and within such reasonable time period the failure to cure the default shall not be deemed an Event of Default (but no Credit Extensions shall be made during such cure period).  Cure periods provided under this section shall not apply, among other things, to financial covenants or any other covenants set forth in clause (a) above; 
  8.3        [Reserved]  .    
  8.4        Attachment; Levy; Restraint on Business  .   
  (a)      (i) The service of process seeking to attach, by trustee or similar process, any funds of Borrower or of any entity under the control of Borrower (including a Subsidiary) in excess of $1,000,000, or (ii) a notice of lien or levy is filed against any of Borrower s assets by any Governmental Authority, and the same under subclauses (i) and (ii) hereof are not, within twenty (20) days after the occurrence thereof, discharged or stayed (whether through the posting of a bond or otherwise); provided, however, no Credit Extensions shall be made during any twenty (20) day cure period; or 
  
   19 
  BN 22796152v7 

(b)      (i) any material portion of Borrower s assets is attached, seized, levied on, or comes into possession of a trustee or receiver, or (ii) any court order enjoins, restrains, or prevents Borrower from conducting all or any material part of its business;  
  8.5        Insolvency  .  (a) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is unable to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they become due or Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries fails to be solvent as described under Section 5.6 hereof; (b) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries begins an Insolvency Proceeding; or (c) an Insolvency Proceeding is begun against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and is not dismissed or stayed within forty-five (45) days (but no Credit Extensions shall be made while any of the conditions described in clause (a) exist and/or until any Insolvency Proceeding is dismissed); 
  8.6        Other Agreements  .  There is, under any agreement to which Borrower or any Guarantor is a party with a third party or parties, any default (after giving effect to any applicable grace or cure periods) resulting in a right by such third party or parties, whether or not exercised, to accelerate the maturity of any Indebtedness in an amount individually or in the aggregate in excess of Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000);  
  8.7        Judgments; Penalties  .  One or more fines, penalties or final judgments, orders or decrees for the payment of money in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, of at least Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000)       (not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which liability has been accepted by such insurance carrier) shall be rendered against Borrower by any Governmental Authority, and the same are not, within twenty (20) days after the entry, assessment or issuance thereof, discharged, satisfied, or paid, or after execution thereof, stayed or bonded pending appeal, or such judgments are not discharged prior to the expiration of any such stay (provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the satisfaction, payment, discharge, stay, or bonding of such fine, penalty, judgment, order or decree); 
  8.8        Misrepresentations  .  Borrower or any Person acting for Borrower makes any representation, warranty, or other statement now or later in this Agreement, any Loan Document or in any writing delivered to Bank or to induce Bank to enter this Agreement or any Loan Document, and such representation, warranty, or other statement is incorrect in any material respect when made; 
  8.9        Subordinated Debt  .  Any subordination agreement evidencing any Subordinated Debt shall for any reason be revoked or invalidated or otherwise cease to be in full force and effect, any Person shall be in breach thereof or contest in any manner the validity or enforceability thereof or deny that it has any further liability or obligation thereunder, or the Obligations shall for any reason be subordinated or shall not have the priority contemplated by this Agreement or the subordination agreement, except, in each case, as may be permitted pursuant to the terms of such subordination agreement;  
  8.10        Guaranty  .  (a) Any guaranty of any Obligations terminates or ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect other than in accordance with its terms; (b) any Guarantor does not perform any obligation or covenant under any guaranty of the Obligations subject to any applicable grace or cure period; (c) any circumstance described in Sections 8.3, 8.4, 8.5, 8.7, or 8.8 occurs with respect to any Guarantor, (d) the liquidation, winding up, or termination of existence of any Guarantor, except as permitted by the Loan Documents, or (e) a material impairment in the perfection or priority of Bank s Lien in the collateral provided by Guarantor or in the value of such collateral; or 
  8.11        Governmental Approvals  .  Any Governmental Approval shall have been (a) revoked, rescinded, suspended, modified in an adverse manner or not renewed in the ordinary course for a full term or (b) subject to any decision by a Governmental Authority that designates a hearing with respect to any applications for renewal of any of such Governmental Approval or that could result in the Governmental Authority taking any of the actions described in clause (a) above, and such decision or such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or non-renewal cause, or could reasonably be expected to cause, a Material Adverse Change. 
  9.        BANK S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES 
  
   20 
  BN 22796152v7 

9.1        Rights and Remedies  .  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Bank may, without notice or demand, do any or all of the following: 
  (a)      declare all Obligations immediately due and payable (but if an Event of Default described in Section 8.5 occurs all Obligations are immediately due and payable without any action by Bank); 
  (b)      stop advancing money or extending credit for Borrower s benefit under this Agreement or under any other agreement between Borrower and Bank; 
  (c)      demand that Borrower (i) deposit cash with Bank in an amount equal to at least 105% of the aggregate face amount of all Letters of Credit remaining undrawn (plus all interest, fees, and costs due or to become due in connection therewith (as estimated by Bank in its good faith business judgment)), to secure all of the Obligations relating to such Letters of Credit, as collateral security for the repayment of any future drawings under such Letters of Credit, and Borrower shall forthwith deposit and pay such amounts, and (ii) pay in advance all letter of credit fees scheduled to be paid or payable over the remaining term of any Letters of Credit; 
  (d)      [reserved]; 
  (e)      verify the amount of, demand payment of and performance under, and collect any Accounts and General Intangibles, settle or adjust disputes and claims directly with Account Debtors for amounts on terms and in any order that Bank considers advisable, and notify any Person owing Borrower money of Bank s security interest in such funds; 
  (f)      make any payments and do any acts it considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral and/or its security interest in the Collateral.  Borrower shall assemble the Collateral if Bank requests and make it available as Bank designates.  Bank may enter premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of any part of the Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any Lien which appears to be prior or superior to its security interest and pay all expenses incurred. Borrower grants Bank a license to enter and occupy any of its premises, without charge, to exercise any of Bank s rights or remedies; 
  (g)      apply to the Obligations any (i) balances and deposits of Borrower it holds, or (ii) any amount held by Bank owing to or for the credit or the account of Borrower; 
  (h)      ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale, and sell the Collateral.  Bank is hereby granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free license or other right to use, without charge, Borrower s labels, Patents, Copyrights, mask works, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, Trademarks, and advertising matter, or any similar property as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising for sale, and selling any Collateral and, in connection with Bank s exercise of its rights under this Section, Borrower s rights under all licenses and all franchise agreements inure to Bank s benefit; 
  (i)      place a  hold  on any account maintained with Bank and/or deliver a notice of exclusive control, any entitlement order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to any Control Agreement or similar agreements providing control of any Collateral; 
  (j)      demand and receive possession of Borrower s Books; and 
  (k)      exercise all rights and remedies available to Bank under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code (including disposal of the Collateral pursuant to the terms thereof). 
  9.2        Power of Attorney  .  Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Bank as its lawful attorney-in-fact, exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to:  (a) endorse Borrower s name on any checks or other forms of payment or security; (b) sign Borrower s name on any invoice or bill of lading for any Account or drafts against Account Debtors; (c) settle and adjust disputes and claims about the Accounts directly with  
  
   21 
  BN 22796152v7 

Account Debtors, for amounts and on terms Bank determines reasonable; (d) make, settle, and adjust all claims under Borrower s insurance policies; (e) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, and adverse claim in or to the Collateral, or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate or discharge the same; and (f) transfer the Collateral into the name of Bank or a third party as the Code permits.  Borrower hereby appoints Bank as its lawful attorney-in-fact to sign Borrower s name on any documents necessary to perfect or continue the perfection of Bank s security interest in the Collateral regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations, and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement, and any Obligations under Bank Services Agreements that are cash collateralized in accordance with Section 4.1 of this Agreement) have been satisfied in full and Bank is under no further obligation to make Credit Extensions hereunder.  Bank s foregoing appointment as Borrower s attorney in fact, and all of Bank s rights and powers, coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations, and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement, and any Obligations under Bank Services Agreements that are cash collateralized in accordance with Section 4.1 of this Agreement) have been fully repaid and performed and Bank s obligation to provide Credit Extensions terminates. 
  9.3        Protective Payments  .  If Borrower fails to obtain the insurance called for by Section 6.5 or fails to pay any premium thereon or fails to pay any other amount which Borrower is obligated to pay under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or which may be required to preserve the Collateral, Bank may obtain such insurance or make such payment, and all amounts so paid by Bank are Bank Expenses and immediately due and payable, bearing interest at the then highest rate applicable to the Obligations, and secured by the Collateral.  Bank will make reasonable efforts to provide Borrower with notice of Bank obtaining such insurance at the time it is obtained or within a reasonable time thereafter.  No payments by Bank are deemed an agreement to make similar payments in the future or Bank s waiver of any Event of Default. 
  9.4        Application of Payments and Proceeds Upon Default  .  If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Bank shall have the right to apply in any order any funds in its possession, whether from Borrower account balances, payments, proceeds realized as the result of any collection of Accounts or other disposition of the Collateral, or otherwise, to the Obligations.  Bank shall pay any surplus to Borrower or to other Persons legally entitled thereto; Borrower shall remain liable to Bank for any deficiency.  If Bank, directly or indirectly, enters into a deferred payment or other credit transaction with any purchaser at any sale of Collateral, Bank shall have the option, exercisable at any time, of either reducing the Obligations by the principal amount of the purchase price or deferring the reduction of the Obligations until the actual receipt by Bank of cash therefor. 
  9.5        Bank s Liability for Collateral  .  So long as Bank complies with reasonable banking practices and Section 9-207 of the Code regarding the safekeeping of the Collateral in the possession or under the control of Bank, Bank shall not be liable or responsible for: (a) the safekeeping of the Collateral; (b) any loss or damage to the Collateral; (c) any diminution in the value of the Collateral; or (d) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, or other Person.  Borrower bears all risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral, except as set forth in the previous sentence. 
  9.6        No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative  .  Bank s failure, at any time or times, to require strict performance by Borrower of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of Bank thereafter to demand strict performance and compliance herewith or therewith.  No waiver hereunder shall be effective unless signed by the party granting the waiver and then is only effective for the specific instance and purpose for which it is given.  Bank s rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative.  Bank has all rights and remedies provided under the Code, by law, or in equity.  Bank s exercise of one right or remedy is not an election and shall not preclude Bank from exercising any other remedy under this Agreement or other remedy available at law or in equity, and Bank s waiver of any Event of Default is not a continuing waiver.  Bank s delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver, election, or acquiescence.   
  9.7        Demand Waiver  .  Borrower waives demand, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, notice of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees held by Bank on which Borrower is liable. 
  
   22 
  BN 22796152v7 

10.        NOTICES 
  All notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified mail return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid; (b) upon transmission, when sent by electronic mail or facsimile transmission; (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or (d) when delivered, if hand-delivered by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the address, facsimile number, or email address indicated below.  Bank or Borrower may change its mailing or electronic mail address or facsimile number by giving the other party written notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this Section 10. 
  If to Borrower:    A10 Networks, Inc. 
  3 West Plumeria Drive 
  San Jose, California 95134 
  Attn:  Greg Straughn, CFO and Robert Cochran, VP Legal 
  Email:    gregs@a10networks.com  ;   RCochran@a10networks.com 
  Website URL:   a10networks.com 
  If to Bank:    Silicon Valley Bank  
  2400 Hanover Street 
  Palo Alto, California 
  Attn: Ben Yu 
  Email:   BYu@svb.com 
  with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 
    
  Buchalter Nemer, A Professional Corporation 
  1000 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1500 
  Los Angeles, California 90017 
  Attention:  Robert J. Davidson, Esq. 
  Facsimile No.:  (213) 630-5692 
  E-Mail:   rdavidson@buchalter.com 
    
  11.        CHOICE OF LAW, VENUE, JURY TRIAL WAIVER, AND JUDICIAL REFERENCE 
  California law governs the Loan Documents without regard to principles of conflicts of law.  Borrower and Bank each submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State and Federal courts in Santa Clara County, California; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to operate to preclude Bank from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other jurisdiction to realize on the Collateral or any other security for the Obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of Bank.  Borrower expressly submits and consents in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in any such court, and Borrower hereby waives any objection that it may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non conveniens and hereby consents to the granting of such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such court.  Borrower hereby waives personal service of the summons, complaints, and other process issued in such action or suit and agrees that service of such summons, complaints, and other process may be made by registered or certified mail addressed to Borrower at the address set forth in, or subsequently provided by Borrower in accordance with, Section 10 of this Agreement and that service so made shall be deemed completed upon the earlier to occur of Borrower s actual receipt thereof or three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mails, proper postage prepaid. 
  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER AND BANK EACH WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF DUTY AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS. THIS  
  
   23 
  BN 22796152v7 

WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR BOTH PARTIES TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.  EACH PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL. 
  WITHOUT INTENDING IN ANY WAY TO LIMIT THE PARTIES  AGREEMENT TO WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, if the above waiver of the right to a trial by jury is not enforceable, the parties hereto agree that any and all disputes or controversies of any nature between them arising at any time shall be decided by a reference to a private judge, mutually selected by the parties (or, if they cannot agree, by the Presiding Judge of the Santa Clara County, California Superior Court) appointed in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Section 638 (or pursuant to comparable provisions of federal law if the dispute falls within the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts), sitting without a jury, in Santa Clara County, California; and the parties hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such court.  The reference proceedings shall be conducted pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of California Code of Civil Procedure    638 through 645.1, inclusive.  The private judge shall have the power, among others, to grant provisional relief, including without limitation, entering temporary restraining orders, issuing preliminary and permanent injunctions and appointing receivers.  All such proceedings shall be closed to the public and confidential and all records relating thereto shall be permanently sealed.  If during the course of any dispute, a party desires to seek provisional relief, but a judge has not been appointed at that point pursuant to the judicial reference procedures, then such party may apply to the Santa Clara County, California Superior Court for such relief.  The proceeding before the private judge shall be conducted in the same manner as it would be before a court under the rules of evidence applicable to judicial proceedings.  The parties shall be entitled to discovery which shall be conducted in the same manner as it would be before a court under the rules of discovery applicable to judicial proceedings.  The private judge shall oversee discovery and may enforce all discovery rules and orders applicable to judicial proceedings in the same manner as a trial court judge.  The parties agree that the selected or appointed private judge shall have the power to decide all issues in the action or proceeding, whether of fact or of law, and shall report a statement of decision thereon pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure   644(a).  Nothing in this paragraph shall limit the right of any party at any time to exercise self-help remedies, foreclose against collateral, or obtain provisional remedies.  The private judge shall also determine all issues relating to the applicability, interpretation, and enforceability of this paragraph. 
  This Section 11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
  12.        GENERAL PROVISIONS 
  12.1        Termination Prior to Revolving Line Maturity Date; Survival  .  All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement continue in full force until this Agreement has terminated pursuant to its terms and all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations, and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement, and any Obligations under Bank Services Agreements that are cash collateralized in accordance with Section 4.1 of this Agreement) have been satisfied.  So long as Borrower has satisfied the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations, any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement, and any Obligations under Bank Services Agreements that are cash collateralized in accordance with Section 4.1 of this Agreement), this Agreement may be terminated prior to the Revolving Line Maturity Date by Borrower, effective three (3) Business Days after written notice of termination is given to Bank.  Those obligations that are expressly specified in this Agreement as surviving this Agreement s termination shall continue to survive notwithstanding this Agreement s termination.  
  12.2        Successors and Assigns  .  This Agreement binds and is for the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each party.  Borrower may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations under it without Bank s prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in Bank s discretion).  Bank has the right, without the consent of or notice to Borrower, to sell, transfer, assign, negotiate, or grant participation in all or any part of, or any interest in, Bank s obligations, rights, and benefits under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
  12.3        Indemnification  .  Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Bank and its directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, or any other Person affiliated with or representing Bank (each, an    Indemnified Person   ) harmless against:  (i) all obligations, demands, claims, and liabilities (collectively,    Claims   ) claimed or asserted by any other party in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents; and (ii) all losses or expenses (including Bank Expenses) in any way suffered, incurred, or paid by such Indemnified Person as a result of, following  
  
   24 
  BN 22796152v7 

from, consequential to, or arising from transactions between Bank and Borrower (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses), except in each case for Claims and/or losses directly caused by such Indemnified Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
  This Section 12.3 shall survive until all statutes of limitation with respect to the Claims, losses, and expenses for which indemnity is given shall have run. 
  12.4        Time of Essence  .  Time is of the essence for the performance of all Obligations in this Agreement. 
  12.5        Severability of Provisions  .  Each provision of this Agreement is severable from every other provision in determining the enforceability of any provision. 
  12.6        Correction of Loan Documents  .  Bank may correct patent errors and fill in any blanks in the Loan Documents consistent with the agreement of the parties so long as Bank provides Borrower with written notice of such correction and allows Borrower at least ten (10) days to object to such correction.  In the event of such objection, such correction shall not be made except by an amendment signed by both Bank and Borrower. 
  12.7        Amendments in Writing; Waiver; Integration  .  No purported amendment or modification of any Loan Document, or waiver, discharge or termination of any obligation under any Loan Document, shall be enforceable or admissible unless, and only to the extent, expressly set forth in a writing signed by the party against which enforcement or admission is sought.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no oral promise or statement, nor any action, inaction, delay, failure to require performance or course of conduct shall operate as, or evidence, an amendment, supplement or waiver or have any other effect on any Loan Document.  Any waiver granted shall be limited to the specific circumstance expressly described in it, and shall not apply to any subsequent or other circumstance, whether similar or dissimilar, or give rise to, or evidence, any obligation or commitment to grant any further waiver.  The Loan Documents represent the entire agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior negotiations or agreements.  All prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties about the subject matter of the Loan Documents merge into the Loan Documents. 
  12.8        Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement. 
  12.9        Confidentiality  .  In handling any confidential information, Bank shall exercise the same degree of care that it exercises for its own proprietary information, but disclosure of information may be made: (a) to Bank s Subsidiaries or Affiliates (such Subsidiaries and Affiliates, together with Bank, collectively,    Bank Entities   ) , provided that such Bank Entities shall be bound by the confidentiality provisions set forth in this Section 12.9; (b) to prospective transferees or purchasers of any interest in the Credit Extensions (provided, however, Bank shall use its best efforts to obtain any prospective transferee s or purchaser s agreement to the terms of this Section 12.9); (c) as required by law, regulation, subpoena, or other order; (d) to Bank s regulators or as otherwise required in connection with Bank s examination or audit; (e) as Bank considers appropriate in exercising remedies under the Loan Documents; and (f) to third-party service providers of Bank so long as such service providers have executed a confidentiality agreement with Bank with terms no less restrictive than those contained herein.  Confidential information does not include information that is either: (i) in the public domain or in Bank s possession when disclosed to Bank, or becomes part of the public domain (other than as a result of its disclosure by Bank in violation of this Agreement) after disclosure to Bank; or (ii) disclosed to Bank by a third party on a non-confidential basis, if Bank does not know that the third party is prohibited from disclosing the information. 
  Bank Entities may use anonymous forms of confidential information for aggregate datasets, for analyses or reporting, and for any other uses so long as such confidential information is aggregated and anonymized prior to distribution, unless otherwise permitted in writing by Borrower.  The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
  
   25 
  BN 22796152v7 

12.10        Attorneys  Fees, Costs and Expenses  .  In any action or proceeding between Borrower and Bank arising out of or relating to the Loan Documents, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys  fees and other costs and expenses incurred, in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled. 
  12.11        Electronic Execution of Documents  .  The words    execution,       signed,       signature    and words of like import in any Loan Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping systems, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
  12.12        Captions  .  The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 
  12.13        Construction of Agreement  .  The parties mutually acknowledge that they and their attorneys have participated in the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement.  In cases of uncertainty this Agreement shall be construed without regard to which of the parties caused the uncertainty to exist. 
  12.14        Relationship  .  The relationship of the parties to this Agreement is determined solely by the provisions of this Agreement.  The parties do not intend to create any agency, partnership, joint venture, trust, fiduciary or other relationship with duties or incidents different from those of parties to an arm s-length contract. 
  12.15        Third Parties  .  Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to: (a) confer any benefits, rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any persons other than the express parties to it and their respective permitted successors and assigns; (b) relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any person not an express party to this Agreement; or (c) give any person not an express party to this Agreement any right of subrogation or action against any party to this Agreement. 
  13.        DEFINITIONS 
  13.1        Definitions  .  As used in the Loan Documents, the word    shall    is mandatory, the word    may    is permissive, the word    or    is not exclusive, the words    includes    and    including    are not limiting, the singular includes the plural, and numbers denoting amounts that are set off in brackets are negative.  As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings: 
      Account    is any  account  as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes, without limitation, all accounts receivable and other sums owing to Borrower. 
     Account Debtor    is any  account debtor  as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
     Advance    or    Advances    means a revolving credit loan (or revolving credit loans) under the Revolving Line. 
     Adjusted Quick Ratio    is, on any date, the ratio of (a) Quick Assets, divided by (b) the result of (i) Current Liabilities less (ii) Borrower s and its Subsidiaries  Deferred Revenue.    
     Affiliate    is, with respect to any Person, each other Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly the Person, any Person that controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the Person, and each of that Person s senior executive officers, directors and, for any Person that is a limited liability company, that Person s managers and members. 
     Agreement    is defined in the preamble hereof. 
  
   26 
  BN 22796152v7 

Authorized Signer    is any individual listed in Borrower s Borrowing Resolution who is authorized to execute the Loan Documents, including any Notice of Borrowing or other Advance request, on behalf of Borrower. 
     Availability Amount    is (a) (i) at any time during a Net Cash Trigger Period, the lesser of (x) the Revolving Line or (y) the amount available under the Borrowing Base, or (ii) at all other times, the Revolving Line, minus (b) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn but unreimbursed Letters of Credit), and minus (c) the outstanding principal balance of any Advances. 
     Bank    is defined in the preamble hereof. 
     Bank Entities    is defined in Section 12.9. 
     Bank Expenses    are all audit fees and expenses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) for preparing, amending, negotiating, administering, defending and enforcing the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, those incurred in connection with appeals or Insolvency Proceedings) or otherwise incurred with respect to Borrower or any Guarantor. 
     Bankruptcy-Related Defaults    is defined in Section 9.1. 
     Bank Services     are any products, credit services, and/or financial accommodations previously, now, or hereafter provided to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries by Bank or any Bank Affiliate, including, without limitation, any letters of credit, cash management services (including, without limitation, merchant services, direct deposit of payroll, business credit cards, and check cashing services), interest rate swap arrangements, and foreign exchange services as any such products or services may be identified in Bank s various agreements related thereto (each, a    Bank Services Agreement   ). 
     Borrower    is defined in the preamble hereof. 
     Borrower s Books    are all Borrower s books and records including ledgers, federal and state tax returns, records regarding Borrower s assets or liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition, and all computer programs or storage or any equipment containing such information. 
     Borrowing Base    is at any time during a Net Cash Trigger Period the sum of (i) 70% of Eligible Foreign Accounts, plus (ii) 80% of all other Eligible Accounts, in each case as determined by Bank from Borrower s most recent Borrowing Base Certificate; provided, however, that Bank has the right to decrease the foregoing percentages in its good faith business judgment to mitigate the impact of events, conditions, contingencies, or risks which may adversely affect the Collateral or its value. 
     Borrowing Base Certificate    is that certain certificate in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit D  . 
     Borrowing Base Report    is defined in Section 6.2(a). 
     Borrowing Resolutions    are, with respect to any Person, those resolutions adopted by such Person s board of directors (and, if required under the terms of such Person s Operating Documents, stockholders) and delivered by such Person to Bank approving the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby, together with a certificate executed by its secretary on behalf of such Person certifying (a) such Person has the authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (b) that set forth as a part of or attached as an exhibit to such certificate is a true, correct, and complete copy of the resolutions then in full force and effect authorizing and ratifying the execution, delivery, and performance by such Person of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) the name(s) of the Person(s) authorized to execute the Loan Documents, including any Notice of Borrowing or other Advance request, on behalf of such Person, together with a sample of the true signature(s) of such Person(s), and (d) that Bank may conclusively rely on such certificate unless and until such Person shall have delivered to Bank a further certificate canceling or amending such prior certificate. 
  
   27 
  BN 22796152v7 

Business Day    is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in the State of California are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close, except that if any determination of a    Business Day    shall relate to a LIBOR Advance, the term    Business Day    shall also mean a day on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market. 
     Cash Equivalents    means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States or any agency or any State thereof having maturities of not more than one (1) year from the date of acquisition; (b) commercial paper maturing no more than one (1) year after its creation and having the highest rating from either Standard   Poor s Ratings Group or Moody s Investors Service, Inc.; (c) Bank s certificates of deposit issued maturing no more than one (1) year after issue; (d) money market funds at least ninety-five percent (95%) of the assets of which constitute Cash Equivalents of the kinds described in clauses (a) through (c) of this definition; and (e) any Investments permitted by Borrower s Board approved investment policy, as amended from time to time, provided that such investment policy (and any such amendment thereto) has been approved by the Bank in writing. 
     Change in Control    means 
  (a)      any event, transaction, or occurrence as a result of which any  person  (as such term is defined in Sections 3(a)(9) and 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than (a) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of Borrower, (b) Lee Chen or (c) Summit Partners, L.P. and its affiliates, is or becomes a beneficial owner (within the meaning Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of Borrower, representing forty percent (40%) or more of the combined voting power of Borrower s then outstanding securities; or  
  (b)       any event, transaction, or occurrence as a result of which Lee Chen or Summit Partners, L.P. and its affiliates, is or becomes a beneficial owner (within the meaning Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of Borrower, representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of Borrower s then outstanding securities. 
     Claims    is defined in Section 12.3. 
     Code    is the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the State of California; provided, that, to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Loan Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern; provided further, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection, or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Bank s Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of California, the term    Code    shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions. 
     Collateral    is any and all properties, rights and assets of Borrower described on   Exhibit A  . 
     Collateral Account    is any Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account. 
     Commodity Account    is any    commodity account    as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
     Compliance Certificate    is that certain certificate in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit E  . 
     Contingent Obligation    is, for any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or not, of that Person for (a) any indebtedness, lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation Person of another such as an obligation, in each case, directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co made, discounted or sold with recourse by that Person, or for which that Person is directly or indirectly liable; (b) any obligations for undrawn letters of credit for the account of that Person; and (c) all obligations from any interest rate, currency or commodity swap agreement, interest rate cap or collar  
  
   28 
  BN 22796152v7 

agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person against fluctuation in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices; but    Contingent Obligation    does not include endorsements in the ordinary course of business.  The amount of a Contingent Obligation is the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation for which the Contingent Obligation is made or, if not determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability for it determined by the Person in good faith; but the amount may not exceed the maximum of the obligations under any guarantee or other support arrangement. 
     Continuation Date    means any date on which Borrower continues a LIBOR Advance into another Interest Period. 
     Control Agreement    is any control agreement entered into among the depository institution at which Borrower maintains a Deposit Account or the securities intermediary or commodity intermediary at which Borrower maintains a Securities Account or a Commodity Account, Borrower, and Bank pursuant to which Bank obtains control (within the meaning of the Code) over such Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account. 
     Conversion Date    means any date on which Borrower converts a Prime Rate Advance to a LIBOR Advance or a LIBOR Advance to a Prime Rate Advance. 
     Copyrights    are any and all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship and derivative work thereof, whether published or unpublished and whether or not the same also constitutes a trade secret. 
     Credit Extension    is any Advance, Overadvance, Letter of Credit, or any other extension of credit by Bank for Borrower s benefit. 
     Currency    is coined money and such other banknotes or other paper money as are authorized by law and circulate as a medium of exchange. 
     Current Liabilities    are all obligations and liabilities of Borrower and its Subsidiaries to Bank, plus, without duplication, the aggregate amount of Borrower s and its Subsidiaries  Total Liabilities that mature within one (1) year. 
     Default Rate    is defined in Section 2.3(e). 
     Deferred Revenue    is all amounts received or invoiced in advance of performance under contracts and not yet recognized as revenue. 
     Deposit Account    is any    deposit account    as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
     Dollars,       dollars    or use of the sign    $    means only lawful money of the United States and not any other currency, regardless of whether that currency uses the    $    sign to denote its currency or may be readily converted into lawful money of the United States. 
     Domestic Subsidiary    means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of the United States or any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia. 
     Earn-out Obligations    obligations consisting of earn-outs related to the enhanced performance of a Person acquired in connection with a purchase or acquisition permitted by Section 7.3 and that are not disguised installment payments of the initial purchase price. 
     Effective Date    is defined in the preamble hereof. 
     Eligible Accounts    means Accounts which arise in the ordinary course of Borrower s business that meet all Borrower s representations and warranties in Section 5.3.  Bank reserves the right at any time after the Effective Date  
  
   29 
  BN 22796152v7 

to adjust any of the criteria set forth below and to establish new criteria in its good faith business judgment.  Unless Bank otherwise agrees in writing, Eligible Accounts shall not include: 
  (a)      Accounts for which the Account Debtor is Borrower s Affiliate, officer, employee, or agent; 
  (b)      Accounts that the Account Debtor has not paid within ninety (90) days of invoice date regardless of invoice payment period terms; 
  (c)      Accounts with credit balances over ninety (90) days from invoice date; 
  (d)      Accounts owing from an Account Debtor if twenty five percent (25%) or more of the Accounts owing from such Account Debtor have not been paid within ninety (90) days of invoice date; 
  (e)      Accounts owing from an Account Debtor which does not have its principal place of business in the United States or in a province of Canada that has adopted the Personal Property Security Act of Canada; 
  (f)      Accounts billed from and/or payable to Borrower outside of the United States unless Bank has a first priority, perfected security interest or other enforceable Lien in such Accounts under all applicable laws, including foreign laws (sometimes called foreign invoiced accounts); 
  (g)      Accounts owing from an Account Debtor to the extent that Borrower is indebted or obligated in any manner to the Account Debtor (as creditor, lessor, supplier or otherwise - sometimes called    contra    accounts, accounts payable, customer deposits or credit accounts);  
  (h)      Accounts owing from an Account Debtor which is a United States government entity or any department, agency, or instrumentality thereof unless Borrower has assigned its payment rights to Bank and the assignment has been acknowledged under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, as amended; 
  (i)      Accounts for demonstration or promotional equipment, or in which goods are consigned, or sold on a    sale guaranteed   ,    sale or return   ,    sale on approval   , or other terms if Account Debtor s payment may be conditional; 
  (j)      Accounts owing from an Account Debtor where goods or services have not yet been rendered to the Account Debtor (sometimes called memo billings or pre-billings); 
  (k)      Accounts subject to contractual arrangements between Borrower and an Account Debtor where payments shall be scheduled or due according to completion or fulfillment requirements where the Account Debtor has a right of offset for damages suffered as a result of Borrower s failure to perform in accordance with the contract (sometimes called contracts accounts receivable, progress billings, milestone billings, or fulfillment contracts); 
  (l)      Accounts owing from an Account Debtor the amount of which may be subject to withholding based on the Account Debtor s satisfaction of Borrower s complete performance (but only to the extent of the amount withheld; sometimes called retainage billings); 
  (m)      Accounts subject to trust provisions, subrogation rights of a bonding company, or a statutory trust; 
  (n)      Accounts owing from an Account Debtor that has been invoiced for goods that have not been shipped to the Account Debtor unless Bank, Borrower, and the Account Debtor have entered into an agreement acceptable to Bank wherein the Account Debtor acknowledges that (i) it has title to and has ownership of the goods wherever located, (ii) a bona fide sale of the goods has occurred, and (iii) it owes payment for such goods in accordance with invoices from Borrower (sometimes called    bill and hold    accounts); 
  (o)      Accounts for which the Account Debtor has not been invoiced; 
  
   30 
  BN 22796152v7 

(p)      Accounts that represent non-trade receivables or that are derived by means other than in the ordinary course of Borrower s business; 
  (q)      Accounts for which Borrower has permitted Account Debtor s payment to extend beyond 90 days; 
  (r)      Accounts arising from chargebacks, debit memos or other payment deductions taken by an Account Debtor; 
  (s)      Accounts arising from product returns and/or exchanges (sometimes called    warranty    or    RMA    accounts); 
  (t)      Accounts in which the Account Debtor disputes liability or makes any claim (but only up to the disputed or claimed amount), or if the Account Debtor is subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, or becomes insolvent, or goes out of business;  
  (u)      Accounts owing from an Account Debtor with respect to which Borrower has received Deferred Revenue (but only to the extent that such Deferred Revenue exceeds twenty-five percent (25%) of all Accounts; 
  (v)      Accounts owing from an Account Debtor, whose total obligations to Borrower exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of all Accounts, (but only to the extent of the amounts that exceed that percentage), unless Bank approves in writing; and 
  (w)      Accounts for which Bank in its good faith business judgment determines collection to be doubtful, including, without limitation, accounts represented by    refreshed    or    recycled    invoices. 
     Eligible Foreign Accounts    shall mean Accounts that meet the requirements of Eligible Accounts, except clause (e) of such definition. 
     Equipment    is all    equipment    as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all machinery, fixtures, goods, vehicles (including motor vehicles and trailers), and any interest in any of the foregoing. 
     ERISA    is the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and its regulations. 
     Euros,       euros    and         each mean the official currency of the European Union, as adopted by the European Council at its meeting in Madrid, Spain on December 15 and 16, 1995.  
     Event of Default    is defined in Section 8. 
     Exchange Act    is the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
     Foreign Currency    means lawful money of a country other than the United States. 
     Foreign Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
     Funding Date    is any date on which a Credit Extension is made to or for the account of Borrower which shall be a Business Day. 
     FX Contract    is any foreign exchange contract by and between Borrower and Bank under which Borrower commits to purchase from or sell to Bank a specific amount of Foreign Currency on a specified date. 
     GAAP    is generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and  
  
   31 
  BN 22796152v7 

pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. 
     General Intangibles    is all    general intangibles    as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation, all Intellectual Property, claims, income and other tax refunds, security and other deposits, payment intangibles, contract rights, options to purchase or sell real or personal property, rights in all litigation presently or hereafter pending (whether in contract, tort or otherwise), insurance policies (including without limitation key man, property damage, and business interruption insurance), payments of insurance and rights to payment of any kind. 
     Governmental Approval    is any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority. 
     Governmental Authority    is any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization. 
     Guarantor    is any Person providing a Guaranty in favor of Bank. 
     Guaranty    is any guarantee of all or any part of the Obligations, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented. 
     Indebtedness    is (a) indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred price of property or services, such as reimbursement and other obligations for surety bonds and letters of credit, (b) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) capital lease obligations, and (d) Contingent Obligations. 
     Indemnified Person    is defined in Section 12.3. 
     Initial Audit    is Bank s inspection of Borrower s Accounts, the Collateral, and Borrower s Books. 
     Insolvency Proceeding    is any proceeding by or against any Person under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, extensions generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other relief. 
     Intellectual Property    means, with respect to any Person, all of such Person s right, title, and interest in and to the following: 
  (a)      its Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents;  
  (b)      any and all trade secrets and trade secret rights, including, without limitation, any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, operating manuals; 
  (c)      any and all source code; 
  (d)      any and all design rights which may be available to such Person; 
  (e)      any and all claims for damages by way of past, present and future infringement of any of the foregoing, with the right, but not the obligation, to sue for and collect such damages for said use or infringement of the Intellectual Property rights identified above; and 
  (f)      all amendments, renewals and extensions of any of the Copyrights, Trademarks or Patents. 
  
   32 
  BN 22796152v7 

Interest Payment Date    means, with respect to any LIBOR Advance, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such LIBOR Advance and, with respect to Prime Rate Advances, the first day of each month (or, if that day of the month does not fall on a Business Day, then on the first Business Day following such date), and each date a Prime Rate Advance is converted into a LIBOR Advance to the extent of the amount converted to a LIBOR Advance. 
     Interest Period    means, as to any LIBOR Advance, the period commencing on the date of such LIBOR Advance, or on the conversion/continuation date on which the LIBOR Advance is converted into or continued as a LIBOR Advance, and ending on the date that is one, two, three, or six months thereafter, in each case as Borrower may elect in the applicable Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation; provided, however, that (a) no Interest Period with respect to any LIBOR Advance shall end later than the Revolving Line Maturity Date, (b) the last day of an Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with the practices of the LIBOR interbank market as from time to time in effect, (c) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day, that Interest Period shall be extended to the following Business Day unless, in the case of a LIBOR Advance, the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month, in which event such Interest Period shall end on the preceding Business Day, (d) any Interest Period pertaining to a LIBOR Advance that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period, and (e) interest shall accrue from and include the first Business Day of an Interest Period but exclude the last Business Day of such Interest Period. 
     Interest Rate Determination Date    means each date for calculating the LIBOR for purposes of determining the interest rate in respect of an Interest Period.  The Interest Rate Determination Date shall be the second Business Day prior to the first day of the related Interest Period for a LIBOR Advance. 
     Inventory    is all    inventory    as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all merchandise, raw materials, parts, supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in process and finished products, including without limitation such inventory as is temporarily out of Borrower s custody or possession or in transit and including any returned goods and any documents of title representing any of the above. 
     Investment    is any beneficial ownership interest in any Person (including stock, partnership interest or other securities), and any loan, advance or capital contribution to any Person. 
     Letter of Credit    is a standby or commercial letter of credit issued by Bank upon request of Borrower based upon an application, guarantee, indemnity, or similar agreement. 
     Letter of Credit Application    is defined in Section 2.1.2. 
     LIBOR    means, for any Interest Rate Determination Date with respect to an Interest Period for any Advance to be made, continued as or converted into a LIBOR Advance, the rate of interest per annum determined by Bank to be the per annum rate of interest at which deposits in Dollars are offered to Bank in the London interbank market (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 0.0001%) in which Bank customarily participates at 11:00 a.m. (local time in such interbank market) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period for a period approximately equal to such Interest Period and in an amount approximately equal to the amount of such Advance. 
     LIBOR Advance    means an Advance that bears interest based at the LIBOR Rate. 
     LIBOR Rate    means, for each Interest Period in respect of LIBOR Advances comprising part of the same Advances, an interest rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 0.0001%) equal to LIBOR for such Interest Period divided by one (1) minus the Reserve Requirement for such Interest Period. 
     LIBOR Rate Margin    is two and one half percent (2.50%).   
  
   33 
  BN 22796152v7 

Lien    is a claim, mortgage, deed of trust, levy, charge, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise against any property. 
     Loan Documents    are, collectively, this Agreement and any schedules, exhibits, certificates, notices, and any other documents related to this Agreement, any Bank Services Agreement, any subordination agreement, any note, or notes or guaranties executed by Borrower or any Guarantor, and any other present or future agreement by Borrower and/or any Guarantor with or for the benefit of Bank in connection with this Agreement or Bank Services, all as amended, restated, or otherwise modified. 
     Loan Party    is any Borrower and any Guarantor.   
     Material Adverse Change    is (a) a material impairment in the perfection or priority of Bank s Lien in the Collateral or in the value of such Collateral; (b) a material adverse change in the business, operations, or financial condition of Borrower; or (c) a material impairment of the prospect of repayment of any portion of the Obligations.   
     Net Cash    is, on any date, the difference of (a) Borrower s and its Subsidiaries  unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents, minus (b) the aggregate amount outstanding at such time of all Credit Extensions. 
     Net Cash Trigger Period    is the period commencing on the date for which Borrower s Net Cash, as determined by Bank, is less than $50,000,000 and continuing until Bank s receipt of a Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.2(d) demonstrating Borrower s Net Cash exceeds $50,000,000 as of the date of such Compliance Certificate. 
      Notice of Borrowing    means a notice given by Borrower to Bank in accordance with Section 3.5(a), substantially in the form of Exhibit B, with appropriate insertions. 
     Notice of Conversion/Continuation    means a notice given by Borrower to Bank in accordance with Section 3.6, substantially in the form of Exhibit C, with appropriate insertions. 
     Obligations    are Borrower s obligations to pay when due any debts, principal, interest, fees, Bank Expenses, and other amounts Borrower owes Bank now or later, whether under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or otherwise, including, without limitation, all obligations relating to letters of credit (including reimbursement obligations for drawn and undrawn letters of credit), cash management services, and foreign exchange contracts, if any, and including interest accruing after Insolvency Proceedings begin and debts, liabilities, or obligations of Borrower assigned to Bank, and to perform Borrower s duties under the Loan Documents. 
     Operating Documents    are, for any Person, such Person s formation documents, as certified by the Secretary of State (or equivalent agency) of such Person s jurisdiction of organization on a date that is no earlier than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date, and, (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar agreement), each of the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications thereto. 
     Overadvance    is defined in Section 2.2. 
     Parent    is defined in Section 3.8(b). 
     Patents    means all patents, patent applications and like protections including without limitation improvements, divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues, extensions and continuations-in-part of the same. 
     Payment/Advance Form    is that certain form attached hereto as   Exhibit F  . 
     Perfection Certificate    is defined in Section 5.1. 
  
   34 
  BN 22796152v7 

Permitted Indebtedness    is: 
  (a)      Borrower s Indebtedness to Bank under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 
  (b)      Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date and shown on the Perfection Certificate; 
  (c)      Subordinated Debt; 
  (d)      unsecured Indebtedness to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business, including, without limitation, unsecured Indebtedness incurred with corporate credit cards;  
  (e)      Indebtedness incurred as a result of endorsing negotiable instruments received in the ordinary course of business; 
  (f)      Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted under clauses (a) and (c) of the definition of    Permitted Liens    hereunder; 
  (g)      Indebtedness  that constitutes a Permitted Investment under clause (g) of the definition of Permitted Investments; 
  (h)      Indebtedness with respect to surety bonds and similar obligations arising in the ordinary course of business; 
  (i)      Guaranties of Permitted Indebtedness; 
  (j)      Earn-Out Obligations to the extent that such Indebtedness, when taken together with all cash consideration paid for acquisitions permitted by Section 7.3, does not exceed $50,000,000; 
  (k)      [reserved];  
  (l)      Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
  (m)      Indebtedness consisting of insurance premium financing; 
  (n)      Indebtedness consisting of interest rate, currency, or commodity swap agreements, interest rate cap or collar agreements or arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business and designated to protect a Person against fluctuations in interest rates, currency exchange rates, or commodity prices; 
  (o)      other Indebtedness not otherwise permitted by Section 7.4 not exceeding Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) in the aggregate outstanding at any time; and 
  (p)      extensions, refinancings, modifications, amendments and restatements of any items of Permitted Indebtedness (a) through (q) above, provided that the principal amount thereof is not increased, except by an amount equal to reasonable premium and other fees and expenses reasonably incurred in connection therewith, or the terms thereof are not modified to impose more burdensome terms, taken as a whole, upon Borrower or its Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
     Permitted Investments          are: 
  (a)      Investments (including, without limitation, Subsidiaries) existing on the Effective Date and shown on the Perfection Certificate; 
  (b)      Investments consisting of Cash Equivalents; 
  
   35 
  BN 22796152v7 

(c)      Investments consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of Borrower; 
  (d)      Investments consisting of deposit and securities accounts in which Bank has a perfected security interest to the extent required by Section 6.6;  
  (e)      Investments accepted in connection with Transfers permitted by Section 7.1; 
  (f)      Investments consisting of the creation of a Subsidiary for the purpose of consummating a merger transaction permitted by Section 7.3 of this Agreement, which is otherwise a Permitted Investment; 
  (g)      Investments (i) by any Loan Party in any other Loan Parties, (ii) by Subsidiaries in any Loan Party, (iii) by any non-Loan Party in any other non-Loan Party, and (iv) by any Loan Party in any non-Loan Party in an amount to not to exceed Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000) in the aggregate for all such non-Loan Parties at any one time; 
  (h)      Investments consisting of (i) travel advances and employee relocation loans and other employee loans and advances in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) loans to employees, officers, directors or consultants relating to the purchase of equity securities of Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee stock purchase plans or agreements approved by Borrower s Board of Directors; 
  (i)      Investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business; 
  (j)      Investments consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions, to customers and suppliers who are not Affiliates, in the ordinary course of business; provided that this paragraph (j) shall not apply to Investments of Borrower in any Subsidiary;  
  (k)      Investments not exceeding Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) in the aggregate, existing at the time a Person became a Subsidiary or assets were acquired from such Person in connection with an acquisition or purchase permitted by Section 7.3; 
  (l)      Investments consisting of interest rate, currency, or commodity swap agreements, interest rate cap or collar agreements or arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business and designated to protect a Person against fluctuations in interest rates, currency exchange rates, or commodity prices; 
  (m)      purchases and acquisitions permitted by Section 7.3; and 
  (n)      other Investments not otherwise permitted by Section 7.7 not exceeding Two Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000) in the aggregate outstanding at any time. 
     Permitted Liens    are: 
  (a)      Liens existing on the Effective Date and shown on the Perfection Certificate or arising under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 
  (b)      Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other government charges or levies, either (i) not due and payable or (ii) being contested in good faith and for which Borrower maintains adequate reserves on its Books, provided that no notice of any such Lien has been filed or recorded under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations adopted thereunder; 
  (c)      purchase money Liens or capital leases (i) on Equipment acquired or held by Borrower incurred for financing the acquisition of the Equipment securing no more than Two Million Five Hundred Thousand  
  
   36 
  BN 22796152v7 

Dollars ($2,500,000) in the aggregate amount outstanding, or (ii) existing on Equipment when acquired, if the Lien is confined to the property and improvements and the proceeds of the Equipment; 
  (d)      Liens of carriers, warehousemen, suppliers, or other Persons that are possessory in nature arising in the ordinary course of business so long as such Liens attach only to Inventory and which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject thereto;  
  (e)      Liens to secure payment of workers  compensation, employment insurance, old-age pensions, social security and other like obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business (other than Liens imposed by ERISA); 
  (f)      Liens incurred in the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens described in (a) through (c), but any extension, renewal or replacement Lien must be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the indebtedness may not increase; 
  (g)      leases or subleases of real property granted in the ordinary course of Borrower s business (or, if referring to another Person, in the ordinary course of such Person s business), and leases, subleases, non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of personal property (other than Intellectual Property) granted in the ordinary course of Borrower s business (or, if referring to another Person, in the ordinary course of such Person s business), if the leases, subleases, licenses and sublicenses do not validly prohibit granting Bank a security interest therein; 
  (h)      non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property granted to third parties in the ordinary course of business, and licenses of Intellectual Property that could not result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed property that may be exclusive in respects other than territory and that may be exclusive as to territory only as to discreet geographical areas outside of the United States; 
  (i)      Liens arising from attachments or judgments, orders, or decrees in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Sections 8.4 and 8.7; 
  (j)      Liens on earnest money deposits made in connection with any agreement in respect of an anticipated purchase or acquisition permitted by Section 7.3; 
  (k)      deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
  (l)      easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting real property which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 
  (m)      Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 
  (n)      Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto and deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability to insurance carriers; 
  (o)      Liens in favor of other financial institutions arising in connection with deposit and/or securities accounts held at such institutions, provided that Bank has a perfected security interest in the amounts held in such deposit and/or securities accounts to the extent required by Section 6.6; and 
  (p)      other Liens;   provided   that the aggregate principal amount of obligations secured by Liens existing in reliance on this clause shall not exceed $250,000 at any time outstanding.  
  
   37 
  BN 22796152v7 

Person    is any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government agency. 
     Prime Rate    is the rate of interest per annum from time to time published in the money rates section of The Wall Street Journal or any successor publication thereto as the    prime rate    then in effect; provided that if such rate of interest, as set forth from time to time in the money rates section of The Wall Street Journal, becomes unavailable for any reason as determined by Bank, the    Prime Rate    shall mean the rate of interest per annum announced by Bank as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in the State of California (such Bank announced Prime Rate not being intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by Bank in connection with extensions of credit to debtors).   
     Prime Rate Advance    means an Advance that bears interest based at the Prime Rate. 
     Prime Rate Margin    is negative one half of one percent (-0.50%).   
     Quarterly Financial Statements    is defined in Section 6.2(c). 
     Quick Assets    is, on any date, the sum of Borrower s and its Subsidiaries  unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents and net billed accounts receivable. 
     Registered Organization    is any  registered organization  as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
     Regulatory Change    means, with respect to Bank, any change on or after the date of this Agreement in United States federal, state, or foreign laws or regulations, including Regulation D, or the adoption or making on or after such date of any interpretations, directives, or requests applying to a class of lenders including Bank, of or under any United States federal or state, or any foreign laws or regulations (whether or not having the force of law) by any court or governmental or monetary authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof. 
     Requirement of Law    is as to any Person, the organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
     Reserve Requirement    means, for any Interest Period, the average maximum rate at which reserves (including any marginal, supplemental, or emergency reserves) are required to be maintained during such Interest Period under Regulation D against    Eurocurrency liabilities    (as such term is used in Regulation D) by member banks of the Federal Reserve System.  Without limiting the effect of the foregoing, the Reserve Requirement shall reflect any other reserves required to be maintained by Bank by reason of any Regulatory Change against (a) any category of liabilities which includes deposits by reference to which the LIBOR Rate is to be determined as provided in the definition of LIBOR or (b) any category of extensions of credit or other assets which include Advances. 
     Responsible Officer    is any of the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Controller of Borrower.   
     Restricted License    is any material license or other material agreement with respect to which Borrower is the licensee (other than any commercial off-the-shelf licenses or similar agreements that are commercially available to the public) (a) that validly prohibits or otherwise restricts Borrower from granting a security interest in Borrower s interest in such license or agreement or any other property, or (b) for which a default under or termination of which could reasonably be expected to interfere with the Bank s right to sell any Collateral. 
     Revolving Line    is an aggregate principal amount equal to Twenty Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000). 
     Revolving Line Maturity Date    is November 1, 2019. 
  
   38 
  BN 22796152v7 

SEC    shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto, and any analogous Governmental Authority. 
     Securities Account    is any    securities account    as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made. 
     Subordinated Debt    is indebtedness incurred by Borrower subordinated to all of Borrower s now or hereafter indebtedness to Bank (pursuant to a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Bank entered into between Bank and the other creditor), on terms acceptable to Bank. 
     Subsidiary    is, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.  Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to a Subsidiary herein shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of Borrower.  
     Total Liabilities    is on any day, obligations that should, under GAAP, be classified as liabilities on Borrower s consolidated balance sheet, including all Indebtedness and current portion of Subordinated Debt permitted by Bank to be paid by Borrower, but excluding all other Subordinated Debt. 
     Trademarks    means any trademark and servicemark rights, whether registered or not, applications to register and registrations of the same and like protections, and the entire goodwill of the business of Borrower connected with and symbolized by such trademarks. 
     Transfer    is defined in Section 7.1.  
     Unused Revolving Line Facility Fee    is defined in Section 2.4(d). 
  [Signature page follows.] 
  
   39 
  BN 22796152v7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date. 
    
  BORROWER: 
  A10 NETWORKS, INC. 

By_________________________________________ 
  Name:______________________________________ 
  Title:_______________________________________ 
  BANK: 
  SILICON VALLEY BANK 

By_________________________________________ 
  Name:______________________________________ 
  Title:_______________________________________ 

[Signature page to Loan and Security Agreement] 
  BN 22796152v7 

EXHIBIT A   COLLATERAL DESCRIPTION 
    
  The Collateral consists of all of Borrower s right, title and interest in and to the following personal property: 
  All goods, Accounts (including health-care receivables), Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements, franchise agreements, General Intangibles (except as provided below), commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and 
  all Borrower s Books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral does not include (i) more than sixty-six percent (66.0%) of the presently existing and hereafter arising issued and outstanding shares of capital stock owned by Borrower of any Foreign Subsidiary which shares entitle the holder thereof to vote for directors or any other matter, (ii) any Equipment that is subject to a Lien that is permitted pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Liens, if the grant of a security interest with respect to such Equipment pursuant to this Agreement would be prohibited by the agreement creating such Permitted Lien or would otherwise constitute a default thereunder, provided, that such Equipment will be deemed Collateral hereunder upon the termination and release of such Permitted Lien, or (iii) any Intellectual Property; provided, however, the Collateral shall include all Accounts and all proceeds of Intellectual Property.  If a judicial authority (including a U.S. Bankruptcy Court) would hold that a security interest in the underlying Intellectual Property is necessary to have a security interest in such Accounts and such property that are proceeds of Intellectual Property, then the Collateral shall automatically, and effective as of the Effective Date, include the Intellectual Property to the extent necessary to permit perfection of Bank s security interest in such Accounts and such other property of Borrower that are proceeds of the Intellectual Property. 
  Pursuant to the terms of a certain negative pledge arrangement with Bank, Borrower has agreed not to encumber any of its Intellectual Property without Bank s prior written consent. 

EXHIBIT A 

EXHIBIT B 
    
  FORM OF NOTICE OF BORROWING 
  A10 Networks, Inc. 
    
  Date: ___________ ___, 20___ 
           TO: 
    SILICON VALLEY BANK 
     3003 Tasman Drive 
  Santa Clara, CA  95054 
  Attention:  CFD Operations 
  Email:  CFDOperations@svb.com 
  rkinsella@svb.com 

RE: 
    Loan and Security Agreement dated as of November 1, 2016 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the    Loan Agreement   ), by and between A10 Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation     (   Borrower   ), and Silicon Valley Bank, a California banking corporation (the    Bank   ) 
     Ladies and Gentlemen: 
  The undersigned refers to the Loan Agreement, the terms defined therein and used herein as so defined, and hereby gives you notice irrevocably, pursuant to Section 3.5(a) of the Loan Agreement, of the borrowing of an Advance. 
  1.  The Funding Date, which shall be a Business Day, of the requested borrowing is _______________. 
  2.      The aggregate amount of the requested Advance is $_____________. 
  3.      The requested Advance shall consist of $___________ of Prime Rate Advances and $___________ of LIBOR Advances. 
  4.      The duration of the Interest Period for the LIBOR Advances included in the requested Advance shall be __________ months. 
  The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the proposed Advance before and after giving effect thereto, and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as applicable: 
  (a)      all representations and warranties of Borrower contained in the Loan Agreement are true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date hereof; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date; 
  (b)      no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such proposed Advance; and 
  (c)      the requested Advance will not exceed, as of the designated Funding Date, the Availability Amount. 
  BORROWER                    A10 NETWORKS, INC., 
    a Delaware corporation  

EXHIBIT B 

By:     _______________________________ 
  Name:    _______________________________ 
  Title:    ________________________________ 
    
  For internal Bank use only 
                     LIBOR Pricing Date 
    LIBOR 
    LIBOR Variance 
    Maturity Date 

____% 

EXHIBIT B 

EXHIBIT C 
  FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION/CONTINUATION 
  A10 Networks, Inc. 
    
  Date: ___________ ___, 20___ 
           TO: 
    SILICON VALLEY BANK 
     3003 Tasman Drive 
  Santa Clara, CA  95054 
  Attention:  CFD Operations 
  Email:  CFDOperations@svb.com 
  rkinsella@svb.com 

RE: 
    Loan and Security Agreement dated as of November 1, 2016 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the    Loan Agreement   ), by and between A10 Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation     (   Borrower   ), and Silicon Valley Bank, a California banking corporation (the    Bank   ) 
     Ladies and Gentlemen: 
  The undersigned refers to the Loan Agreement, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined, and hereby gives you notice irrevocably, pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Loan Agreement, of the [conversion] [continuation] of the Advances specified herein, that: 
  1.      The date of the [conversion] [continuation] is                                                , 20___. 
  2.      The aggregate amount of the proposed Advances to be [converted] is  
    $                              or [continued] is $                                      . 
  3.      The Advances are to be [converted into] [continued as] [LIBOR] [Prime Rate] Advances. 
  4.      The duration of the Interest Period for the LIBOR Advances included in the [conversion] [continuation] shall be                months. 
  The undersigned, on behalf of Borrower, hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the date of the proposed [conversion] [continuation], before and after giving effect thereto and to the application of the proceeds therefrom: 
  (a)      all representations and warranties of Borrower stated in the Loan Agreement are true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date hereof; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date; 
  (b)      no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such proposed [conversion] [continuation]; and 
  (c)      the requested [conversion] [continuation] will not cause the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances to exceed, as of the designated Funding Date, (i) the lesser of (A) the Revolving Line and (B) the Borrowing Base minus (ii) the amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit (including drawn but unreimbursed Letters of Credit). 
  
   EXHIBIT C 

BORROWER                    A10 NETWORKS, INC., 
    a Delaware corporation  
    
  By:     _______________________________ 
  Name:    _______________________________ 
  Title:    ________________________________ 

For internal Bank use only 
                     LIBOR Pricing Date 
    LIBOR 
    LIBOR Variance 
    Maturity Date 

____% 

EXHIBIT C 

EXHIBIT D - BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE 

Borrower: A10 Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation  Lender:    Silicon Valley Bank  Commitment Amount:    $25,000,000.00 

EXHIBIT D 

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 
      
      1.    Accounts Receivable (invoiced) Book Value as of ____________________ 
    $_______________ 
      2.    Additions (Please explain on next page) 
    $_______________ 
      3.    Less:  Intercompany / Employee / Non-Trade Accounts 
    $_______________ 
      4.    NET TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 
    $_______________ 

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE DEDUCTIONS (without duplication) 
      
      5.    90 Days Past Invoice Date 
    $_______________ 
      6.    Credit Balances over 90 Days  
    $_______________ 
      7.    Balance of 25% over 90 Day Accounts (Cross-Age or Current Affected) 
    $_______________ 
      8.    Foreign Account Debtor Accounts 
    $_______________ 
      9.    Foreign Invoiced and/or Collected Accounts 
    $_______________ 
      10.    Contra / Customer Deposit Accounts 
    $_______________ 
      11.    U.S. Government Accounts 
    $_______________ 
      12.    Promotion or Demo Accounts; Guaranteed Sale or Consignment Sale Accounts 
    $_______________ 
      13.    Accounts with Memo or Pre-Billings 
    $_______________ 
      14.    Contract Accounts; Accounts with Progress / Milestone Billings 
    $_______________ 
      15.    Accounts for Retainage Billings 
    $_______________ 
      16.    Trust / Bonded Accounts 
    $_______________ 
      17.    Bill and Hold Accounts 
    $_______________ 
      18.    Unbilled Accounts 
    $_______________ 
      19.    Non-Trade Accounts (If not already deducted above) 
    $_______________ 
      20.    Accounts with Extended Term Invoices (Net 90+) 
    $_______________ 
      21.    Chargebacks Accounts / Debit Memos 
    $_______________ 
      22.    Product Returns / Exchanges 
    $_______________ 
      23.    Disputed Accounts; Insolvent Account Debtor Accounts 
    $_______________ 
      24.    Deferred Revenue in excess of 25% of all Accounts/Other (Please explain on next page) 
    $_______________ 
      25.    Concentration Limits 
    $_______________ 
      26.    TOTAL ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE DEDUCTIONS 
    $_______________ 

27.    Eligible Domestic Accounts (#4 minus #26) 
    $_______________ 
      28.    ELIGIBLE AMOUNT OF DOMESTIC ACCOUNTS (80% of #27) 
    $_______________ 

29.    Eligible Foreign Accounts (#27 plus #8) 
    $_______________ 
      30.    ELIGIBLE AMOUNT OF FOREIGN ACCOUNTS (70% of #29) 
    $_______________ 

BALANCES 
      
      31.    Maximum Loan Amount 
      
    $25,000,000.00 
      
      32.    Total Funds Available (Lesser of (i) #31 and (ii) sum of #28 plus #30) 
    $_______________ 
      33.    Present balance owing on Line of Credit 
    $_______________ 
      34.    Outstanding under Sublimits 
    $_______________ 
      35.    RESERVE POSITION (#32 minus #33 and #34) 
    $_______________ 

[Continued on following page.] 
  
   EXHIBIT D 

Explanatory comments from previous page: 
  __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
    
  The undersigned represents and warrants that this is true, complete and correct, and that the information in this Borrowing Base Certificate complies with the representations and warranties in the Loan and Security Agreement between the undersigned and Silicon Valley Bank. 
    
                 COMMENTS: 

By: ___________________________ 
  Authorized Signer 
  Date:       
    BANK USE ONLY 
  Received by: _____________________ 
  AUTHORIZED SIGNER 
  Date:   __________________________ 
  Verified: ________________________ 
  AUTHORIZED SIGNER 
  Date: ___________________________ 
  Compliance Status:   Yes   No 

EXHIBIT D 

EXHIBIT E 
    
  COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

TO:    SILICON VALLEY BANK                        Date:  _______________ ___, 20___ 
  FROM:  A10 NETWORKS, INC. 
    
  The undersigned authorized officer of A10 Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Borrower ), certifies that under the terms and conditions of the Loan and Security Agreement between Borrower and Bank (the  Agreement ): 
  (1) Borrower is in complete compliance for the period ending _______________ with all required covenants except as noted below; (2) there are no Events of Default; (3) all representations and warranties in the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on this date except as noted below; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date; (4) Borrower, and each of its Subsidiaries, has timely filed all required tax returns and reports, and Borrower has timely paid all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower except as otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of Section 5.9 of the Agreement; and (5) no Liens have been levied or claims made against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to unpaid employee payroll or benefits of which Borrower has not previously provided written notification to Bank.   
    
  Attached are the required documents supporting the certification.  The undersigned certifies that these are prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied from one period to the next except (i) as explained in an accompanying letter or footnotes and (ii) with respect to unaudited financial statements, for the absence of footnotes and subject to year-end audit adjustments.  The undersigned acknowledges that no borrowings may be requested at any time or date of determination that Borrower is not in compliance with any of the terms of the Agreement, and that compliance is determined not just at the date this certificate is delivered.  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Agreement. 
                   Please indicate compliance status by circling Yes/No under  Complies  column. 
        
      Reporting Covenants 
    Required 
    Complies 

Borrowing Base Reports A/R   A/P Agings 
    Monthly within 30 days 
    Yes   No 
      Borrowing Base Certificate 
    Monthly within 30 days 
    Yes   No 
      Quarterly financial statements 
    Quarterly for the first 3 fiscal quarters of Borrower s fiscal year within 45 days 
    Yes   No 
      Compliance Certificate 
    [Quarterly within 45 days] [Monthly within 30 days] 
    Yes   No 
      Annual Operating Budget   Financial Projections 
    No later than earlier of (i) 30 days after approval by BOD and (ii) 60 days after FYE 
    Yes   No 
      Annual financial statement (CPA Audited)   Unqualified Opinion 
    FYE within 180 days 
    Yes   No 
      Net cash  $65,000,000 or  $50,000,000 
    Promptly upon knowledge of shortfall 
    Yes   No 
      10 Q, 10 K and 8-K 
    Within 5 days after filing with SEC 
    Yes   No 

EXHIBIT E 

The following Intellectual Property was registered (or a registration application submitted) after the Effective Date (if no registrations, state  None ) 
  ___________________________________________________________________________________________ 
  ___________________________________________________________________________________________ 

Financial Covenants 
    Required 
    Actual 
    Complies 

Maintain at all times: 

Minimum Adjusted Quick Ratio 
    1.50:1.00 
    _____:1.00 
    Yes   No 

The following financial covenant analysis and information set forth in Schedule 1 attached hereto are true and accurate as of the date of this Certificate. 
    
  Other Matters 
    
  The following are the exceptions with respect to the certification above:  (If no exceptions exist, state  No exceptions to note. ) 
    
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
    
                 A10 NETWORKS, INC., 
  a Delaware corporation  

By:          
  Name:          
  Title:          
    
    BANK USE ONLY 
    
  Received by: _____________________ 
  AUTHORIZED SIGNER 
  Date:    _________________________ 
    
  Verified: ________________________ 
  AUTHORIZED SIGNER 
  Date:    _________________________ 
    
  Compliance Status:   Yes     No 

EXHIBIT E 

Schedule 1 to Compliance Certificate 
    
  Financial Covenants of Borrower 
    
  In the event of a conflict between this Schedule and the Loan Agreement, the terms of the Loan Agreement shall govern. 
    
  Dated:    ________________ ___, 20___ 
    
  I.      Adjusted     Quick Ratio   (Section 6.7) 
  Required:    1.50:1.00 
    
  Actual: 
    
                   A. 
    Aggregate value of the unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
    $      
    
      B. 
    Aggregate value of the net billed accounts receivable of Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
    $      
    
      C. 
    Quick Assets (the sum of lines A and B) 
    $      
    
      D. 
    Aggregate value of Obligations to Bank 
    $      
    
      E. 
    Aggregate value of liabilities that should, under GAAP, be classified as liabilities on Borrower s consolidated balance sheet, including all Indebtedness, and not otherwise reflected in line D above that matures within one (1) year 
      
  $      

F. 
    Current Liabilities (the sum of lines D and E)    
    $      
    
      G. 
    Aggregate value of all amounts received or invoiced by Borrower and its Subsidiaries in advance of performance under contracts and not yet recognized as revenue 
    $      

H. 
    Line F minus Line G 
    $      

I. 
    Adjusted Current Liabilities 
    $      

J. 
    Quick Ratio (line C divided by line I) 

Is line J equal to or greater than 1.50:1:00? 
    
        No, not in compliance                              Yes, in compliance 

EXHIBIT E 

EXHIBIT F   LOAN PAYMENT/ADVANCE REQUEST FORM 
    
  DEADLINE FOR SAME DAY PROCESSING IS NOON PACIFIC TIME   *   
    
  Fax To:      Date: ________________ ___, 20___ 

LOAN PAYMENT  : 
  A10 NETWORKS, INC. 
    
  From Account #________________________________    To Account #__________________________________________________ 
  (Deposit Account #)                        (Loan Account #) 
  Principal $____________________________________    and/or Interest $________________________________________________ 
    
  Authorized Signature:            Phone Number:        
  Print Name/Title:        

LOAN ADVANCE  : 
    
  Complete   Outgoing Wire Request   section below if all or a portion of the funds from this loan advance are for an outgoing wire. 
    
  From Account #________________________________    To Account #__________________________________________________ 
  (Loan Account #)                        (Deposit Account #) 
    
  Amount of Advance $___________________________ 
    
  All Borrower s representations and warranties in the Loan and Security Agreement are true, correct and complete in all material respects on the date of the request for an advance; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date: 
    
  Authorized Signature:            Phone Number:        
  Print Name/Title:        

OUTGOING WIRE REQUEST  : 
  Complete only if all or a portion of funds from the loan advance above is to be wired. 
  Deadline for same day processing is noon, Pacific Time  
    
  Beneficiary Name: _____________________________            Amount of Wire: $       
  Beneficiary Bank: ______________________________            Account Number:        
  City and State:        
    
  Beneficiary Bank Transit (ABA) #:             Beneficiary Bank Code (Swift, Sort, Chip, etc.):        
  (For International Wire Only) 
    
  Intermediary Bank:             Transit (ABA) #:        
  For Further Credit to:        
    
  Special Instruction:        
    
  By signing below, I (we) acknowledge and agree that my (our) funds transfer request shall be processed in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the agreements(s) covering funds transfer service(s), which agreements(s) were previously received and executed by me (us). 
    
  Authorized Signature: ___________________________    2   nd    Signature (if required): _______________________________________ 
  Print Name/Title: ______________________________    Print Name/Title: ______________________________________________ 
  Telephone #:                     Telephone #:        

EXHIBIT F 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit31109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Lee Chen, certify that: 
    
            2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))   and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))   for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and  procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
       
                     Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    By:  /s/ Lee Chen 

Lee Chen 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit31209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Greg Straughn, certify that: 
    
            2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)   for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    By:  /s/ Greg Straughn 

Greg Straughn 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit32109302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of A10 Networks, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Lee Chen, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                     Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    By:  /s/ Lee Chen 

Lee Chen 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit32209302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of A10 Networks, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Greg Straughn, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                     Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    By:  /s/ Greg Straughn 

Greg Straughn 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 aten-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 aten-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 aten-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 aten-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 aten-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 aten-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

