<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1576427_0001576427-16-000393_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8713004</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>144961</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>381124</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3381299</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3517921</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1090864</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>68</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001576427-16-000393.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107164306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001576427-16-000393
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Criteo S.A.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001576427
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING AGENCIES [7311]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			I0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36153
		FILM NUMBER:		161978682

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 RUE BLANCHE
		CITY:			PARIS
		STATE:			I0
		ZIP:			75009
		BUSINESS PHONE:		33140402290

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		32 RUE BLANCHE
		CITY:			PARIS
		STATE:			I0
		ZIP:			75009

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001576427-16-000393.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 criteo10qq32016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  or 

for the transition period from _________ to _________ 
  Commission file number: 001-36153 

Criteo S.A.  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

France    
      
    Not Applicable    
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

32, rue Blanche, Paris-France 
      
    75009   
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
      
    (Zip Code) 

+33 1 40 40 22 90 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 day Yes   x    No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    x      No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large Accelerated Filer 
    x 
    Accelerated Filer 
      
      Non-accelerated Filer 
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes          No   x 
            As of October 31, 2016, the registrant had 63,761,455 ordinary shares, nominal value  0.025 per share, outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                      PART I  
      
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    2 
       Item 1  
      
     Financial Statements  
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited)  
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  
    5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    6 
       Item 2  
      
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    23 
       Item 3  
      
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    42 
       Item 4  
      
     Controls and Procedures  
    44 
       PART II  
      
     OTHER INFORMATION  
    45 
       Item 1  
      
     Legal Proceedings  
    45 
       Item 1A  
      
     Risk Factors  
    45 
       Item 6  
      
     Exhibits  
    46 
       Signatures  
    47 

General 
  Except where the context otherwise requires, all references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ("Form 10-Q") to the "Company," "Criteo," "we," "us," "our" or similar words or phrases are to Criteo S.A. and its subsidiaries, taken together. In this Form 10-Q, references to "$" and "US$" are to United States dollars. Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or "U.S. GAAP."  
  Trademarks 
   Criteo,  the Criteo logo and other trademarks or service marks of Criteo appearing in this Form 10-Q are the property of Criteo Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this Form 10-Q are the property of their respective holders. 
      Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
  This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. All statements other than present and historical facts and conditions contained in this Form 10-Q, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial positions, business strategy, plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-Q, the words  anticipate,   believe,   can,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   is designed to,   may,   might,   plan,   potential,   predict,   objective,   should,  or the negative of these and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about:  
             
    our ability to meet the challenges of a growing and international company in a rapidly developing and changing industry, including our ability to forecast accurately;  
                
    our ability to maintain an adequate rate of revenue growth and sustain profitability;  
                
    the ability of the Criteo Engine to accurately predict engagement by a user;  
                
    our ability to continue to collect and utilize data about user behavior and interaction with advertisers; 
                
    our ability to adapt to regulatory, legislative or self-regulatory developments regarding internet privacy matters;  
                
    our ability to protect users  information and adequately address privacy concerns;  
                
    our ability to acquire an adequate supply of advertising inventory from publishers on terms that are favorable to us;  
                
    our ability to predict and adapt to changes in widely adopted industry platforms and other new technologies;  
                
    the effects of increased competition in our market;  
                
    our ability to enter new marketing channels and to effectively scale our technology platform in new industry verticals;  
                
    our ability to manage our international operations and expansion and the integration of our acquisitions;  
                
    our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our brand and intellectual property;  
                
    failures in our systems or infrastructure; and 
                
    our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel. 

You should refer to Item 1A  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-Q will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame or at all. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.  
  You should read this Form 10-Q and the documents that we reference in this Form 10-Q and have filed as exhibits to this Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.  
         This Form 10-Q may contain market data and industry forecasts that were obtained from industry publications. These data and forecasts involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such information. We have not independently verified any third-party information. While we believe the market position, market opportunity and market size information included in this Form 10-Q is generally reliable, such information is inherently imprecise.  

PART I  
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements. 
   
   CRITEO S.A. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (UNAUDITED)   

  The accompanying notes form an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  
   2 

CRITEO S.A. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED)   

  The accompanying notes form an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

3 

CRITEO S.A. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED)   

  The accompanying notes form an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
  
   4 

CRITEO S.A.  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)  

(1)    Out of which   $13.1 million and $28.6 million   is share-based compensation expense according to ASC 718 - Compensation - Stock compensation for the quarter ended and year to date September 30, 2016, respectively.  

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements  .  
  
   5 

CRITEO S.A. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
    
  Criteo S.A. is a global technology company specialized in digital performance marketing. We strive to deliver post-click sales to our advertiser clients at scale and according to the client's targeted return on investment. In these notes, Criteo S.A. is referred to as the "Parent" company and together with its subsidiaries, collectively, as "Criteo," the "Company," the "Group," or "we". The Company uses its proprietary predictive software algorithms coupled with its deep insights into expressed consumer intent and purchasing habits to price and deliver highly relevant and personalized performance advertisements to consumers in real time. 

Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared by Criteo S.A. pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. However, the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report filed on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included herein reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal, recurring adjustments) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to state fairly the results for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the operating results to be expected for any subsequent interim period or for the fiscal year. 
    
  Conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates and judgments on historical information and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments in several areas, including, but not limited to: (1) the recognition of revenue; (2) the evaluation of our trade receivables and the recognition of a valuation allowance; (3) the recognition and measurement of goodwill and intangible assets and particularly costs capitalized in relation to our customized internal-use software; (4) the measurement of share-based compensation and (5) the tax provision determination and particularly the estimate of our annual effective tax rate. 
    
  There have been no changes to our significant accounting policies described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 that have had a material impact on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16  , Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  . ASU 2015-16 requires an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined, including the cumulative effect of the change in provisional amount, as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The Company does not expect the provision of ASU 2015-16 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. This update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not yet been made available for issuance.  
  
   6 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  . ASU 2016-01 requires that all financial assets and liabilities not accounted for under the equity method be measured at fair value, with the changes in fair value recognized in net income. The amendments in this update also require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. In addition, the amendments in this update supersede the requirement to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used in calculating the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet for public business entities. The Company can early adopt the provision requiring it to recognize in other comprehensive income the fair value change from instrument-specific credit risk measured using the fair value option for financial instruments. Except for this early application guidance, early adoption is not permitted. The Company is still evaluating the effects that the provision of ASU 2016-01 will have on its consolidated financial statements. This update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption as of fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal year, is permitted. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  . ASU 2016-02 requires an entity to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with terms of more than 12 months. Recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease. The amendments also require certain quantitative and qualitative disclosures about leasing arrangements. Early adoption is permitted. The updated guidance requires a modified retrospective adoption. The Company is still evaluating the effects that the provision of ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements. This update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Early application is permitted.  
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Principal Versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross Versus Net)  . ASU 2016-08 amends the principal-versus-agent implementation guidance and illustrations in the FASB's new revenue standard   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC Topic 606)  . The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-08 on its consolidated financial statements. This update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Earlier application is permitted only as of fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that fiscal year, or fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning one year after the fiscal year in which an entity first applies the guidance in Update 2014-09. 
  In March 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . ASU 2016-09 was issued as part of FASB s initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards. The areas for simplification in this update involve several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This update will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. 
    
  In April 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  . ASU 2016-10 clarifies guidance related to identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance contained in the new revenue standard   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC Topic 606)  . The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-10 on its consolidated financial statements. The effective date of ASU 2016-10 is the same as for requirements of ASC Topic 606. 
    
  In May 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-11,   Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2015-09 and 2014-06 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting (SEC Update).   ASU 2016-11 rescinds certain SEC Staff Guidance relating to ASC topics 605 (Revenue Recognition), 932 (Extractive Activities - Oil and Gas), and 815 (Derivatives and Hedging). The ASU became effective immediately. The Company has evaluated the rescinded SEC Staff Guidance and determined it does not have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In May 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.   ASU 2016 - 12 amends narrow aspects of the new revenue standard   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC Topic 606)   including guidance on assessing collectability, presentation of sales taxes, noncash consideration, and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-12 on its consolidated financial statements. The effective date of ASU 2016-12 is the same as for requirements of ASC Topic 606. 
  
   7 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326)   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Statements  . ASU 2016-13 amends the guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. Under the new guidance, an entity recognizes as an allowance its estimate of expected credit losses rather than incurred credit losses. In addition, this amendment broadens the information an entity must consider in developing its expected credit loss estimate including the use of forecasts in order to ensure more timely information is used to develop the estimate. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-13 on its consolidated financial statements. This update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within that fiscal year. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-14, Not-for-Profit Entities (Topic 958)   Presentation of Financial Statements of Not-for-Profit Entities.   As this ASU relates to not-for-profit entities only, it is not applicable to Criteo and it does not have an impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   ASU 2016-15 amends current U.S. GAAP by adding specific guidance on eight cash flows issues in order to eliminate the current diversity in reporting practices. The eight issues addressed include debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial interests in securitization transactions and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-15 on its consolidated financial statements. This update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period.  

Note 2. Significant Events and Transactions of the Period  
    
  Changes in the scope of consolidation 
    
  Business combinations 
    
  Monsieur Drive Acquisition       
    
  On May 31, 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Monsieur Drive S.A.S. ("Monsieur Drive"), a Paris-based company building advertising products for the consumer packaged goods vertical. The total consideration paid was   $5.1 million   (   4.6 million  ) for the acquisition of the shares, financed by the available cash resources at the acquisition date (Note 6). This business combination has been accounted for under the acquisition method in accordance with   ASC 805   Business Combinations  . A preliminary valuation of the fair value of Monsieur Drive's assets acquired, liabilities assumed and the related allocations of purchase price has been performed as of September 30, 2016 resulting in the identification of a technology asset of   $1.4 million   (   1.3 million  ) and a related deferred tax liability of   $0.2 million   (   0.2 million  ). Residual goodwill has been valued at   $3.9 million   (   3.5 million  ). Once this valuation analysis is finalized, the estimate of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be adjusted. In addition, acquisition costs were fully expensed as incurred for a total amount of   $0.2 million   (   0.2 million  ).  
    
  Consolidation scope 
    
    Creation of Criteo India Pvt Ltd (India) 
    
  This new subsidiary is   100%   held and controlled by the Parent company. It is included in the Company s consolidation scope as of September 30, 2016, but its contribution to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements is not material. 
    
    Creation of Criteo Finance SAS (France) 
    
  This new subsidiary is   100%   held and controlled by the Parent company. It is included in the Company s consolidation scope as of September 30, 2016, but its contribution to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements is not material. The business objective of this subsidiary is to enhance the service level to strategic global customers by providing them with one single billing relationship and to consolidate the management of the foreign exchange risk. 

8 

Note 3. Financial Instruments 
  Financial Assets  
  The following schedules disclose our financial assets categories for the presented periods:  

(1)   
    Fair value through profit or loss.    

(1)   
    Fair value through profit or loss.    
     Financial Liabilities  

(1)   
    Fair value through profit or loss.    
     
   9 

(1)   
    Fair value through profit or loss.  
     Fair Value Measurements          
  We measure the fair value of our cash equivalents, which include money market funds and interest bearing deposits, as level 1 and level 2 measurements because they are valued using quoted market prices and observable market data, respectively.   
  Financial assets or liabilities include derivative financial instruments used to manage our exposure to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. These instruments are considered level 2 financial instruments as they are measured using valuation techniques based on observable market data. 
  The following tables provide information for the assets and liabilities carried at fair value as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016:  

10 

Note 4. Trade Receivables  
  The following table shows the breakdown in trade receivables net book value for the presented periods: 

Changes in allowance for doubtful accounts are summarized below:   

The change in allowance for doubtful accounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related mainly to increased business with categories of clients associated with a higher credit risk.  

Note 5. Other Current Assets  
  The following table shows the breakdown in other current assets net book value for the presented periods:    

  Prepaid expenses mainly consist of office rental advance payments.  
  
   11 

Note 6. Intangible assets and Goodwill  
  Intangible assets 
  The main changes in intangible assets since December 31, 2015 relate to additions to technology and customer relationships regarding Monsieur Drive, which were identified as intangible assets further to the preliminary purchase price allocation (Note 2). In addition, no triggering events have occurred which would indicate impairment in the balance of either intangible assets or goodwill.  
  The estimated amortization expense related to intangible assets for the next five years and thereafter is as follows:  

Goodwill 
  On May 31, 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Monsieur Drive. The total consideration paid was   $5.1 million   (   4.6 million  ) for the acquisition of the shares, financed by the available cash resources at the acquisition date. This business combination has been accounted for under the acquisition method in accordance with   ASC 805   Business Combinations  . A preliminary valuation of the fair value of Monsieur Drive's assets acquired, liabilities assumed and the related allocation of purchase price has been performed as of September 30, 2016, resulting in the identification of a technology asset of   $1.4 million   (   1.3 million  ) and related deferred tax liability of   $0.2 million   (   0.2 million  ). Residual goodwill has been valued at   $3.9 million   (   3.5 million  ). Once this valuation analysis is finalized, the estimate of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be adjusted. In addition, acquisition costs amounting to   $0.2 million   (   0.2 million  ) were fully expensed as incurred. 
   
  Note 7. Other Current Liabilities  
  Other current liabilities are presented in the following table:  

12 

Note 8. Financial Liabilities  
  The changes in current and non-current financial liabilities during the period ended September 30, 2016 are illustrated in the following schedules:     

      (1)    Includes reclassification from non-current to current portion based on maturity of the financial liabilities. 
  Borrowings are financial liabilities at amortized cost and are measured using level 2 fair value measurements.  
  We are party to loan agreements with Le Credit Lyonnais (LCL), Bpifrance Financement (French Public Investment Bank), HSBC, as well as with a bank syndicate composed of Natixis (coordinator and documentation agent), LCL (facility agent), HSBC France, Soci t  G n rale Corporate   Investment Banking and BNP Paribas (each acting individually as bookrunners and mandated lead arrangers).  
  There have been no changes in the terms of our loan agreements and other financial liabilities, including maturity and allocation by currency, from what was disclosed in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

13 

Note 9. Equity awards compensation expense  
  The board of directors has been authorized by the general meeting of the shareholders to grant employee warrants   (Bons de Souscription de Parts de Cr ateur d Entreprise or "BSPCEs"),   share options   (Options de Souscription d'Actions or "OSAs"),   restricted share units   ("RSUs")   and non-employee warrants (  Bons de Souscription d'Actions or "BSAs")  .  
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were   four   grants of RSUs and   one   grant of OSAs under the Employee Share Option Plan 8 and   one   grant of BSAs under the Plan E, as defined in Note 19 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015: 
             
    On January 29, 2016,   33,010   RSUs were granted to senior management subject to achievement of internal performance objectives and continued employment. Based on the assumptions known as of September 30, 2016, we determined share-based compensation expense by applying a probability ratio on performance objectives completion.   
                 
    On April 20, 2016,   140,135   RSUs were granted to Criteo employees subject to continued employment and   9,100   BSAs were granted to a board member subject to continued engagement on the board of directors.  
      On June 29, 2016, the general meeting of the shareholders authorized the board of directors (i) to grant up to   4,600,000   OSAs and/or RSUs, each representing the right to receive one ordinary share and (ii) to grant up to   100,000   BSAs, each representing the right to receive one ordinary share (any BSAs granted will also be deducted from the   4,600,000   limit), such authorizations collectively referred to as "Plan 9". On July 28, 2016, the board of directors granted   247,100   RSUs and   147,400   OSAs to Criteo employees under the Plan 9. The vesting of these RSUs and OSAs is subject to continued employment and   195,250   RSUs are subject to achievement of internal performance objectives. Based on the assumptions known as of September 30, 2016, we determined share-based compensation expense by applying a probability ratio on performance objectives completion.    
  There have been no changes in the vesting and method of valuation of the BSPCEs, OSAs, RSUs, or BSAs from what was disclosed in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016. 
  Change in Number of BSPCE/OSA/RSU/BSA 

14 

Breakdown of the Closing Balance 

Equity awards compensation expense 

15 

Note 10. Financial Income and Expenses  
  The condensed consolidated statements of income line item  Financial income (expense)  can be broken down as follows:  

The   $0.6 million   financial expense for the three-month period ended   September 30, 2016   was mainly the result of a limited impact of foreign exchange reevaluations and related hedging together with the recognition of the fees related to the revolving credit facility entered into in September 2015. The   $6.7 million   financial expense for the three months ended September 30, 2015 included a significant negative impact of foreign exchange reevaluations and related hedging, mainly related to intra-group positions between Criteo S.A. and its Brazilian subsidiary, and to the remaining proceeds from our initial public offering.  

The   $2.0 million   financial expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was mainly a result of the recognition of negative impact of foreign exchange reevaluations and related hedging negative foreign exchange recorded during the first quarter, together with the fees related to the revolving credit facility contracted in September 2015. The   $5.3 million   financial income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included a significant negative impact of foreign exchange reevaluations and related hedging, mainly related to intra-group positions between Criteo S.A. and its Brazilian subsidiary, and to the remaining proceeds from our initial public offering. As of September 30, 2016, the main positions bearing a risk of foreign currency are centralized at     the Parent company level and hedged using foreign currency swaps and forward purchases or sales of foreign currencies.  

16 

Note 11. Income Taxes  
  Breakdown of Income Taxes  
  The condensed consolidated statements of income line item  Provision for income taxes  can be broken down as follows:  

Our tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate ( AETR ). To calculate our estimated AETR, we estimate our income before taxes and the related tax expense or benefit for the full fiscal year (total of expected current and deferred tax provisions), excluding the effect of significant unusual or infrequently occurring items or comprehensive income items not recognized in the statement of income. Each quarter, we update our estimate of the annual effective tax rate, and if our estimated annual tax rate changes, we make a cumulative adjustment in that quarter. Our quarterly tax provision, and our quarterly estimate of our annual effective tax rate, are subject to significant volatility due to several factors including our ability to accurately predict our income (loss) before provision for income taxes in multiple jurisdictions and the changes in foreign exchange rates. Our effective tax rate in the future will depend on the portion of our profits earned within and outside of France. 
  Current tax assets and liabilities 
    The total amount of current tax assets consists mainly of prepayments of income taxes by Criteo do Brasil LTDA and withholding taxes deductible from future income taxes of Criteo Corp. The current tax liabilities refers mainly to the net corporate tax payables of Criteo S.A., Criteo Srl, and Criteo KK. 
  
   17 

Note 12. Earnings Per Share  
  Basic Earnings Per Share  
  We calculate basic earnings per share by dividing the net income for the period attributable to shareholders of the Parent by the weighted average number of shares outstanding.  

Diluted Earnings Per Share  
  We calculate diluted earnings per share by dividing the net income attributable to shareholders of the Parent by the weighted average number of shares outstanding plus any potentially dilutive shares not yet issued from share-based compensation plans (see Note 9). There were no other potentially dilutive instruments outstanding as of   September 30, 2015   and   2016  . Consequently all potential dilutive effects from shares are considered.  
   For each period presented, a contract to issue a certain number of shares (i.e. share option, non-employee warrant ("BSA"), restricted share unit ("RSU") or non-employee warrant ("BSPCE") is assessed as potentially dilutive if it is  in the money  (i.e., the exercise or settlement price is lower than the average market price).  

The weighted average number of securities that were anti-dilutive for diluted EPS for the periods presented but which could potentially dilute EPS in the future are as follows:  
  
   18 

Note 13. Commitments and contingencies 
  Commitments  
  Leases  
  We are party to various operating lease agreements mainly related to our offices as well as hosting services. Certain of these arrangements have free rent periods or escalating rent payment provisions, and we recognize rent expense under such arrangements on a straight-line basis.  
   Operating lease expenses totaled   $7.1 million   and   $8.3 million   for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively, and   $18.7 million   and   $23.3 million   for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. Hosting costs totaled   $8.3 million   and   $10.6 million   for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively and   $21.9 million   and   $30.4 million   for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 
    
  Revolving Credit Facilities, Credit Line Facilities and Bank Overdrafts        
  As mentioned in Note 8, we are party to various credit facilities, short term credit lines, and overdraft facilities. As of September 30, 2016, an additional RMB   5.0 million   (  $0.8 million  ) had been drawn by Criteo China, our wholly owned subsidiary, on the RMB   40.0 million   (  $6.0 million  ) revolving loan facility with HSBC China, increasing the total amount drawn from RMB   25.0 million   (  $3.7 million  ) as of December 31, 2015 to RMB   30.0 million   (  $4.5 million  ) as of September 30, 2016. Other than this draw, there have been no significant changes in the terms, conditions, or the amounts drawn on these facilities since December 31, 2015.  
  All of these credit facilities are unsecured and contain customary events of default but do not contain any affirmative, financial or negative covenants, with the exception of the    250.0 million   (  $279.0 million  ) revolving credit facility disclosed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 which contains covenants, including compliance with a total net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio and restrictions on incurring additional indebtedness. At September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the required leverage ratio. 
  
   19 

Contingencies 
  Changes in provisions during the presented periods are summarized below:  

The amount of the provisions represent management s best estimate of the future outflow. As of September 30, 2016, provisions are mainly in relation to employee related litigations.  

20 

Note 14. Breakdown of Revenue and Non-Current Assets by Geographical Areas  
  The Company operates in the following three geographical markets:  
             
    Americas (North and South America);  
                
    EMEA (Europe, Middle-East and Africa); and  
                
    Asia-Pacific.  
     The following tables disclose our consolidated revenue for each geographical area for each of the reported periods. Revenue by geographical area is based on the location of advertisers  campaigns. 

Revenue generated in France amounted to   $29.2 million   and   $31.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively.  

Revenue generated in France amounted to   $87.0 million   and   $95.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively.  
  Revenue generated in other significant countries where we operate is presented in the following table: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, our largest client represented   2.2%   and   2.5%  , respectively, of our consolidated revenue.  
  
   21 

Other Information  
  For each reported period, non-current assets (corresponding to the net book value of tangible and intangible assets) are presented in the table below. The geographical information results from the locations of legal entities.  

Note 15. Related Parties   
  There were no significant related-party transactions during the period nor any evolution in the nature of the transactions as described in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Note 16. Subsequent Events  
  On October 3, 2016, Criteo Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Criteo S.A., entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger Agreement with TBL Holdings, Inc. ("TBL Holdings"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Criteo Corp., HookLogic, Inc. ("HookLogic") and Fortis Advisors LLC, solely in its capacity as the Stockholder Agent, to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of HookLogic for a purchase price of   $250 million  , subject to working capital, net debt and other closing adjustments. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the merger, TBL Holdings shall be merged with and into HookLogic, and HookLogic will continue as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Criteo Corp. Consummation of the acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to occur during the fourth quarter of 2016.           
  If the acquisition is consummated prior to the end of the year, the impact of the transaction will be reflected in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2016. The determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed will be performed within the twelve months following the acquisition date.     
    
  The Company evaluated all other subsequent events that occurred after   September 30, 2016   through the date of issuance of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and determined that there are no other significant events that require adjustments or disclosure. 
  
   22 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or "SEC," on February 29, 2016. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from the information provided in Item 2, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," included in our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  Recently Issued Pronouncements 
    
  See "Recently Issued Accounting Standards" under Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of certain accounting standards that have been issued during   2016  . 
    
  Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  This Form 10-Q includes the following financial measures defined as non-GAAP financial measures by the SEC: Revenue ex-TAC, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted Net Income. These measures are not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
    
  Revenue ex-TAC is our revenue excluding Traffic Acquisition Costs ("TAC") generated over the applicable measurement period and Revenue ex-TAC by Region reflects our Revenue ex-TAC by our core geographies. Revenue ex-TAC and Revenue ex-TAC by Region are key measures used by our management and board of directors to evaluate our operating performance, generate future operating plans and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital. In particular, we believe that the elimination of TAC from revenue can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business and across our core geographies.  
    
  Adjusted EBITDA is our consolidated earnings before financial income (expense), income taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted to eliminate the impact of equity awards compensation expense, pension service costs, acquisition-related costs and deferred price consideration. Adjusted EBITDA is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to prepare and approve our annual budget and to develop short  and long-term operational plans. In particular, we believe that by eliminating equity awards compensation expense, pension service costs, acquisition-related costs and deferred price consideration, Adjusted EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and the market generally in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management and board of directors. 
    
  Adjusted Net Income is our net income adjusted to eliminate the impact of equity awards compensation expense, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, acquisition-related costs and deferred price consideration, and the tax impact of these adjustments. Adjusted Net Income is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to evaluate operating performance, generate future operating plans and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital. In particular, we believe that by eliminating equity awards compensation expense, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, acquisition-related costs and deferred price consideration and the tax impact of these adjustments, Adjusted Net Income can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted Net Income provides useful information to investors and the market generally in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management and board of directors. 
    
  Please refer to the supplemental financial tables provided for a reconciliation of Revenue ex-TAC to revenue, Adjusted EBITDA to net income, and Adjusted Net Income to net income, in each case, the most comparable U.S. GAAP measurement. Our use of non-GAAP financial measures has limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: (1) other companies, including companies in our industry which have similar business arrangements, may address the impact of TAC differently; and (2) other companies may report Revenue ex-TAC, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, or similarly titled measures but calculate them differently or over different regions, which reduces their usefulness as  
  
   23 

comparative measures. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider these measures alongside our U.S. GAAP financial results, including revenue and net income.  
    
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Data (Unaudited):  

(1)    For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, this excludes $0.7 million and $1.2 million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, this excludes $1.7 million and $3.7 million, respectively, of net income attributable to non-controlling interests held by Yahoo! Japan in our Japanese subsidiary Criteo KK.  
   (2)      Cost of revenue and operating expenses include equity awards compensation expense, pension service costs, depreciation and amortization expense, acquisition-related costs and deferred price consideration as follows: 

24 

Detailed Information on Selected Items: 

(a) Includes acquisition-related amortization of intangible assets of $1.2 million and $0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, respectively, and $3.8 million and $3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, respectively. 

25 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Position Data (Unaudited): 

Other     Financial and Operating Data (Unaudited): 

(3)    We define Revenue ex-TAC (Traffic Acquisition Costs) as our revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs, or TAC, generated over the applicable measurement period. Revenue ex-TAC is not a measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We have included Revenue ex-TAC in this Form 10-Q because it is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to evaluate operating performance, generate future operating plans   and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital  . In particular, we believe that the elimination of TAC from revenue can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business. Accordingly, we believe that Revenue ex-TAC provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Our use of Revenue ex-TAC has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: (a) other companies, including companies in our industry which have similar business arrangements, may address the impact of TAC differently; (b) other companies may report Revenue ex-TAC or similarly titled measures but calculate them differently, which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider Revenue ex-TAC alongside our other U.S. GAAP financial results, including revenue. The following table presents a reconciliation of Revenue ex-TAC to revenue, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated:  

26 

(4)    We define Adjusted Net Income as our net income adjusted to eliminate the impact of equity awards compensation expense, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, acquisition-related costs and deferred price consideration, and the tax impact of the foregoing adjustments. Adjusted Net Income is not a measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We have included Adjusted Net Income in this Form 10-Q because it is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to evaluate operating performance, generate future operating plans and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital. In particular, we believe that the elimination of equity awards compensation expense, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, acquisition-related costs and deferred price consideration, and the tax impact of the foregoing adjustments in calculating Adjusted Net Income can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted Net Income provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Our use of Adjusted Net Income has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: (a) Adjusted Net Income does not reflect the potentially dilutive impact of equity-based compensation or the impact of certain acquisition related costs; and (b) other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted Net Income or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider Adjusted Net Income alongside our other U.S. GAAP financial results, including net income. The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated: 

(5)      We define Adjusted EBITDA as our consolidated earnings before financial income (expense), income taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted to eliminate the impact of equity awards compensation expense, pension service costs, acquisition-related costs and deferred price consideration. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We have included Adjusted EBITDA in this Form 10-Q because it is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to evaluate operating performance, generate future operating plans and make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital. In particular, we believe that the elimination of equity awards compensation expense, pension service costs, acquisition-related costs and deferred price consideration in calculating Adjusted EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Our use of Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: (a) although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; (b) Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (c) Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the potentially dilutive impact of equity-based compensation; (d) Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; and (e) other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA alongside our other U.S. GAAP financial results, including net income. The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated: 

27 

28 

Results of Operations for the Periods Ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016   (Unaudited) 
  Revenue  
  Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 

(1)    Growth at constant currency excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and is computed by applying the 2015 average exchange rates for the relevant period to 2016 figures.   We have included revenue at constant currency in this Form 10-Q because it is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to evaluate operating performance. Management reviews and analyzes business results excluding the effect of foreign currency translation because they believe this better represents our underlying business trends. 
  Revenue for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased   to $  423.9 million  , growing   27.4%   (or   25.0%   on a constant currency basis), compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Revenue from new clients contributed     58.3% to the year-over-year revenue growth while revenue from existing clients contributed 41.7% to the year-over-year revenue growth. This increase in revenue was primarily driven by the continued roll-out of technology innovations, the addition of a new record number of net new clients of over 1,000 in the quarter, and the continued expansion of our publisher relationships. Technology improvements and broader inventory reach helped generate more revenue from existing clients at constant currency. Our continuing ability to convert and maintain a large portion of our clients to uncapped budgets was a key driver of the increase in revenue per existing client across large and midmarket clients.  
  The year-over-year increase was the result of our rapid growth across all geographies. Revenue in the Americas region   increased     29.6%   (or   29.2%   on a constant currency basis) to   $160.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , and the region remained the largest contributor to our global growth. We launched campaigns with new large accounts and our business with existing large clients continued to grow,  driven by the continued roll-out of technology innovation. Midmarket growth remained solid across the region. Revenue in EMEA   increased     15.1%   (or   18.7%   on a constant currency basis) to   $157.9 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Established markets continued to post solid double-digit growth, especially Germany where new client additions were particularly strong. We signed several new large clients including Idealo, Germany's largest price comparison website. Travel clients further increased their business with us across several markets in EMEA. Revenue in the Asia-Pacific region   increased     47.2%   (or   29.7%   on a constant currency basis) to   $105.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Momentum remained solid across key large markets. Japan continued to deliver strong performance, in particular in our business with existing large strategic clients, some of which continued to spend over 40% more with us, compared with the prior year period. Our partnership with Kakao quickly ramped up to represent close to 20% of Korea's revenue. Business activity was strong in Taiwan and accelerated across the Pacific markets. 
  
   29 

Additionally, our $423.9 million of revenue for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was positively impacted by $8.0 million as a result of changes in foreign currency against the U.S. dollar compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
  The year-over-year growth in revenue on a constant currency basis is primarily attributable to an increased volume of clicks delivered on the advertising banners displayed by us (i.e. higher volumes of impressions).  
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

(1)    Growth at constant currency excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and is computed by applying the 2015 average exchange rates for the relevant period to 2016 figures.   We have included revenue at constant currency in this Form 10-Q because it is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to evaluate operating performance. Management reviews and analyzes business results excluding the effect of foreign currency translation because they believe this better represents our underlying business trends. 
  Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased   to   $1,232.3 million  , growing   33.1%   (or   32.6%   on a constant currency basis), compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Revenue from new clients contributed 39.9% to the year-over-year revenue growth while revenue from existing clients contributed 60.1% to the year-over-year revenue growth. This increase in revenue was primarily driven by the continued roll-out of technology innovations, the addition of over 2,680 clients, and the continued expansion of our publisher relationships. Technology improvements and broader inventory reach continued to help generate more revenue from existing clients at constant currency across both our large and midmarket clients. Our continuing ability to convert and maintain a large portion of our clients to uncapped budgets was a key driver of the increase in revenue per existing client.  
  The year-over-year increase was the result of our rapid growth across all geographies. Revenue in the Americas region   increased     38.4%   (or   40.2%   on a constant currency basis) to   $464.4 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We signed and launched campaigns with several new large clients in the United States and our midmarket segment continued to grow rapidly across the Americas. Existing large clients continued to increase their spend with us across the region. Revenue in EMEA   increased     18.9%   (or   21.5%   on a constant currency basis) to   $471.2 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We signed several large and midmarket clients in the region and continued to grow our revenue from existing clients across client segments and markets. We continued to see strong performance in the travel sector across the region. Revenue in the Asia-Pacific region   increased     52.6%   (or   42.2%   on a constant currency basis) to   $296.7 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, as we continued to grow our client base, in particular in Japan, South-East Asia, and India.  
  
   30 

Additionally, our   $1,232.3 million   revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was positively impacted by $4.2 million as a result of changes in foreign currency against the U.S. dollar compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
  The year-over-year growth in revenue on a constant currency basis is primarily attributable to an increased volume of clicks delivered on the advertising banners displayed by us (i.e. higher volumes of impressions).  
  Cost of Revenue  
  Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 

Cost of revenue for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   increased   $53.5 million  , or   24.7%  , compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This increase was primarily the result of an increase of   $48.3 million  , or   24.3%   (or 21.8% on a constant currency basis), in traffic acquisition costs and a   $5.1 million  , or   29.8%   (or 28.3% on a constant currency basis), increase in other cost of revenue.  
    
  The increase in traffic acquisition costs related primarily to an increase of 26.5% in the number of impressions we purchased, driven by both publishers with whom we have direct relationships, including the Criteo Publisher Marketplace, and the main real-time bidding exchanges, both global and local. Over the period, the average cost per thousand impressions (or "CPM") decreased by 1.7% (or 3.7% on a constant currency basis).  
    
  The year-over year growth in traffic acquisition costs was the result of our strong growth across all geographies. Traffic acquisition costs in the Americas region increased 28.5% (or 28.2% on a constant currency basis) to $97.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, as our purchases of impressions from the main real-time bidding exchanges increased and we maintained strong direct relationships with large premium publishers. Traffic acquisition costs in EMEA increased 9.3% (or 12.9% on a constant currency basis) to $87.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, as our purchases of impressions from both large publishers with whom we have direct relationships and the main real-time bidding exchanges increased across several markets in the region. Traffic acquisition costs in the Asia-Pacific region increased 44.5% (or 26.9% on a constant currency basis) to $63.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, as we continued to increase our purchases of impressions from global and local real-time bidding exchanges to enable and support our rapid development across several markets in the region, as well as maintained strong relationships with large premium publishers in the region, in particular in Japan.  
    
  The increase in other cost of revenue includes a $2.3 million increase in hosting costs, a $1.9 million increase in allocated depreciation and amortization expense and a $0.9 million increase in other cost of sales. 

31 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

Cost of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $191.5 million, or 32.1%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily the result of an increase of $174.9 million, or 31.7% (or 31.1% on a constant currency basis), in traffic acquisition costs and a $16.5 million, or 37.2% (or 36.6% on a constant currency basis), increase in other cost of revenue.  
       
  The increase in traffic acquisition costs related primarily to an increase of 22.5% in the number of impressions we purchased, driven by both publishers with whom we have direct relationships, including the Criteo Publisher Marketplace, and the main real-time bidding exchanges, both global and local. Over the period, the average cost per thousand impressions (or CPM) increased 7.5% (or 7.0% on a constant currency basis). The year-over-year increase in average CPM remained largely driven by the improving quality of inventory, evolving formats of ad units available to us on an individual basis, as well as price dynamics.  
    
  The year-over year growth in traffic acquisition costs was the result of our strong growth across all geographies. Traffic acquisition costs in the Americas region increased 39.7% (or 41.3% on a constant currency basis) to $284.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, as our purchases of impressions from the main real-time bidding exchanges and the Facebook mobile application increased and we maintained strong direct relationships with large premium publishers. Traffic acquisition costs in EMEA increased 14.7% (or 17.3% on a constant currency basis) to $265.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, as our purchases of impressions from both large publishers with whom we have direct relationships and the main real-time bidding exchanges increased across our markets. Traffic acquisition costs in the Asia-Pacific region increased 51.1% (or 40.4% on a constant currency basis) to $177.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, as we continued to increase our purchases of impressions from global and local real-time bidding exchanges to enable and support our rapid development across our markets in the region, as well as maintained strong relationships with large premium publishers in the region, in particular in Japan.  
    
  The increase in other cost of revenue includes a $8.5 million increase in hosting costs, a $6.6 million increase in allocated depreciation and amortization expense and a $1.6 million increase in other cost of sales, partially offset by a $0.2 million decrease in data acquisition costs.  
    
  We consider Revenue ex-TAC as a key measure of our business activity. Our strategy focuses on maximizing the growth of our Revenue ex-TAC on an absolute basis over maximizing our near-term gross margin. We believe this focus builds sustainable long-term value for our business by fortifying a number of our competitive strengths, including access to advertising inventory, breadth and depth of data and continuous improvement of the Criteo Engine s performance, allowing it to deliver more relevant advertisements at scale. As a part of this focus, we continue to invest in building relationships with direct publishers and pursuing access to leading advertising exchanges. Our performance-based business model provides us with significant control over our level of Revenue ex-TAC margin, which we seek to optimize in order to maximize Revenue ex-TAC growth on an absolute basis in accordance with our strategic focus.  
  
   32 

Research and Development Expenses 
  Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 

Research and development expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased     $8.3 million  , or   36.8%  , compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This   increase   was primarily the result of a growth in headcount to 474 employees resulting in $6.4 million of additional headcount related costs, a $1.1 million increase in allocated rent and facilities costs and a $0.8 million increase in consulting and professional fees. 
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased   $  28.0 million  , or   46.5%  , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This   increase   was primarily the result of a growth in headcount to 474 employees resulting in $22.7 million of additional headcount related costs, a $3.3 million increase in allocated rent and facilities costs, a $0.3 million increase in amortization and depreciation of assets, a $1.5 million increase in consulting and professional fees and a $0.6 million increase in other costs, partially offset by an increase in the French Research Tax Credit of $0.4 million.  
  Sales and Operations Expenses  
  Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 

Sales and operations expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased     $11.9 million  , or   21.1%  , compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This increase was primarily the result of a growth in headcount to 1,356 employees resulting in $9.0 million of additional headcount related costs, a $0.4 million increase in marketing events, a $0.5 million increase in allocated depreciation and amortization expense, a $0.6 million increase in allocated rent and facilities costs and a $1.4 million increase in other costs including operational taxes. 

33 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

Sales and operations expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased   $  32.7 million  , or   19.4%  , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This   increase   was primarily the result of a growth in headcount to 1,356 employees resulting in $21.4 million of additional headcount related costs, a $2.0 million increase in marketing events, a $2.2 million increase in allocated depreciation and amortization expense, a $3.8 million increase in allocated rent and facilities costs, a $2.7 million increase in provisions for doubtful receivables, and a $0.6 million increase in other costs including operational taxes.  
  General and Administrative Expenses  
  Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 

General and administrative expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased     $12.6 million  , or   63.2%  , compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This   increase   was primarily the result of a growth in headcount to 382 employees resulting in $7.5 million of additional headcount related costs, a $0.5 million increase in allocated rent and facilities costs, a $0.5 million increase in allocated depreciation and amortization expense, a $3.9 million increase in consulting and professional fees mainly resulting from exceptional items (litigation and business combinations) and a $0.2 million increase in other operating expenses.  
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   increased   $  28.0 million  , or   48.3%  , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This   increase   was primarily the result of a growth in headcount to 382 employees resulting in $21.0 million of additional headcount related costs, a $1.5 million increase in allocated rent and facilities costs, a $1.0 million increase in allocated depreciation and amortization expense, a $4.1 million increase in consulting and professional fees mainly resulting from exceptional items (litigation and business combinations), and a $0.4 million increase in other operating expenses. 
  
   34 

Financial Income (Expense)  
  Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 

Financial income (expense) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $6.1 million, or 91.4%, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, mainly as a result of a limited impact of foreign exchange reevaluations and related hedging, together with the recognition of the fees related to the revolving credit facility entered into in September 2015. The $6.7 million financial expense for the three months ended September 30, 2015 included a significant negative impact of foreign exchange reevaluations and related hedging, mainly related to intra-group positions between Criteo S.A. and its Brazilian subsidiary, and to the remaining proceeds from our initial public offering.  
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

Financial income (expense) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $3.3 million, or 62.4%, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $2.0 million financial expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was mainly a result of the recognition of the negative impact of foreign exchange reevaluations and related hedging negative foreign exchange recorded during the first quarter, together with the fees related to the revolving credit facility entered into in September 2015. The $5.3 million financial expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included a significant     negative impact of foreign exchange     reevaluations and related hedging, mainly related to intra-group positions between Criteo S.A. and its Brazilian subsidiary, and to the remaining proceeds from our initial public offering. At the end of September 2016, the main positions bearing a foreign currency risk are centralized at     the Parent company level and hedged using foreign currency swaps and forward purchases or sales of foreign currencies. 
  Provision for Income Taxes  
  Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 

For the quarter ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, we utilized an effective tax rate of   48.2%   and   34.0%  , respectively, to calculate the provision for income taxes. The effective tax rate for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 decreased compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to changes in the geographic mix with respect to contribution to our income before taxes and a higher recognition of deferred tax assets mainly related to Criteo Corp.  

35 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, we utilized an effective tax rate of   37.3%   and   30.0%   respectively, to calculate the provision for income taxes. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to changes in the geographic mix with respect to contribution to our income before taxes and a higher recognition of deferred tax assets mainly related to Criteo Corp. 
  Net Income  
  Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 

Net income for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   increased $8.9 million, or   154.2%   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This   increase   was the result of the factors discussed above, in particular, a $5.0 million increase in income from operations and a $6.1 million increase in financial income (expense), partially offset by a $2.2 million increase in provision for income taxes compared to 2015. 
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $  23.3 million  , or   99.6%  , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This   increase   was the result of the factors discussed above, in particular, a $26.0 million increase in income from operations and a $3.3 million increase in financial income (expense), partially offset by a $6.1 million increase in provision for income taxes compared to 2015. 
  
   36 

Revenue, Traffic Acquisition Costs and Revenue ex-TAC by Region  
  The following table sets forth our revenue, traffic acquisition costs and Revenue ex-TAC by geographic region, including the Americas (North and South America), Europe, Middle East and Africa, or EMEA, and Asia-Pacific. 

(1)    We define Revenue ex-TAC as our revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs generated over the applicable measurement period. Revenue ex-TAC and Revenue, Traffic Acquisition Costs and Revenue ex-TAC by Region are not measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We have included Revenue ex-TAC and Revenue, Traffic Acquisition Costs and Revenue ex-TAC by Region in this Form 10-Q because they are key measures used by our management and board of directors to evaluate operating performance and generate future operating plans. In particular, we believe that the elimination of TAC from revenue and review of these measures by region can provide useful measures for period-to-period comparisons of our core business. Accordingly, we believe that Revenue ex-TAC and Revenue, Traffic Acquisition Costs and Revenue ex-TAC by Region provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Our use of Revenue ex-TAC and Revenue, Traffic Acquisition Costs and Revenue ex-TAC by Region has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: (a) other companies, including companies in our industry which have similar business arrangements, may address the impact of TAC differently; (b) other companies may report Revenue, Traffic Acquisition Costs and Revenue ex-TAC by Region or similarly titled measures but define the regions differently, which reduces their effectiveness as a comparative measure; and (c) other companies may report Revenue ex-TAC or similarly titled measures but calculate them differently, which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider Revenue ex-TAC and Revenue, Traffic Acquisition Costs and Revenue ex-TAC by Region alongside our other U.S. GAAP financial results, including revenue. The above table provides a reconciliation of revenue ex-TAC by region to revenue by region. Please also refer to footnote 3 to the Other Financial and Operating Data table in "Item 2 Management's Discussion and Analysis" of this Form 10-Q for a reconciliation of revenue ex-TAC to revenue, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  
  
   37 

Constant Currency Reconciliation  
  Information in this Form 10-Q with respect to results presented on a constant currency basis was calculated by applying the 2015 average exchange rates for the relevant period to 2016 figures. We have included information with respect to our results presented on a constant currency basis because it is a key measure used by our management and board of directors to evaluate operating performance. Management reviews and analyzes business results excluding the effect of foreign currency translation because they believe this better represents our underlying business trends. Below is a table which reconciles the actual results presented in this section with the results presented on a constant currency basis:     

38 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
  Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operating activities. We also benefited to a much lesser extent from the proceeds of the exercise of share options and warrants and expect to continue to do so in the future, as such securities are exercised by holders. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our equity securities in the foreseeable future and intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund our growth. As discussed in Note 8 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 to this Form 10-Q, we are party to several loan agreements and revolving credit facilities with third-party financial institutions.  
  Our cash and cash equivalents are invested primarily in demand deposit accounts and money market funds that are currently providing only a minimal return. Our cash and cash equivalents at   September 30, 2016   were held for working capital and general corporate purposes, which could include acquisitions, and amounted to $ 407.2 million as of September 30, 2016. The $53.6 million increase in cash and cash equivalents compared with December 31, 2015 primarily resulted from $81.8 million in cash from operating activities and $15.4 million positive cash flow from financing activities over the period, which was partially offset by the $59.3 million used for investing activities, including $54.4 million in capital expenditures and $5.1 million for the Monsieur Drive acquisition partially offset by a $0.2 million inflow relating to changes in refunds of bank deposits or lease deposits related to old premises. In addition, the increase in cash includes a $15.7 million positive impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on our cash position over the period. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our policy is to invest any cash in excess of our immediate requirements in investments designed to preserve the principal balance and provide liquidity. Accordingly, our cash and cash equivalents are invested primarily in demand deposit accounts and money market funds that are currently providing only a minimal return.  
  Operating and Capital Expenditure Requirements  
  For the nine months ended September 30,   2015   and   2016  , our capital expenditures were $55.3 million and $54.4     million, respectively, primarily related to the acquisition of data center and server equipment as well as furnishing and leasehold improvements of new offices. We believe our existing cash balances will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our future working capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of our revenue growth, the amount and timing of our investments in personnel and capital equipment, and the timing and extent of our introduction of new products and product enhancements. If our cash and cash equivalents balances and cash flows from operating activities are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through equity, equity-linked or debt financings to support our operations, and such financings may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. We may also need to raise additional funds in the event we determine in the future to effect one or more acquisitions of businesses, technologies, assets or products. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, our operations and ability to execute our business strategy could be adversely affected. If we raise additional funds through the incurrence of indebtedness, such indebtedness would have rights that are senior to holders of our equity securities and could contain covenants that restrict our operations. Any additional equity financing will be dilutive to our shareholders.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including entities sometimes referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. We therefore believe that we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these relationships. 
  
   39 

Historical Cash Flows  
  The following table sets forth our cash flows for the nine-month period ended September 30,   2015   and   2016  :  

Operating Activities  
  Cash provided by operating activities is primarily impacted by the increase in the number of clients using our solution and by the amount of cash we invest in personnel and infrastructure to support the anticipated growth of our business. Cash provided by operating activities has typically been generated from net income and by changes in our operating assets and liabilities, particularly in the areas of accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued expenses, adjusted for certain operating items such as depreciation, amortization and share-based compensation, deferred tax assets and income taxes.  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $81.8 million and consisted of net income of $46.6 million and $96.2 million in adjustments for certain operating items, partially offset by $22.9 million of changes in working capital requirements and $38.2 million of income taxes paid during the first nine months of 2016. Adjustments for certain operating items primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization expense of $45.6 million, equity awards compensation expense of $30.0 million and $27.6 million of accrued income taxes, partially offset by $7.5 million of changes in deferred tax assets. The $22.9 million decrease in cash resulting from changes in working capital primarily consisted of a $3.9 million decrease in accounts payable resulting from the standardization of the timing of invoice payments, $4.5 million increase in accounts receivable mainly driven by growth in our activity during the period and a $18.6 million increase in other current assets including prepaid expenses and value-added tax ("VAT") receivables resulting from an increase in our revenue and, to a lesser extent, an increase in office rental advance payments. This was partially offset by a $4.2 million increase in accrued expenses such as payroll and payroll related expenses, resulting from an increase in the number of our employees, and VAT payables, driven primarily by an increase in traffic acquisition costs.  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was $70.4 million and consisted of net income of $23.3 million and $62.7 million in adjustments for certain operating items, partially offset by $2.3 million of changes in working capital and $13.2 million of income taxes paid during the first nine months of 2015. Adjustments for certain operating items primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization expense of $32.4 million, equity awards compensation expense of $16.2 million and $17.0 million of accrued income taxes. The $2.3 million decrease in cash resulting from changes in working capital primarily consisted of a decrease in operating cash flow due to a $27.4 million increase in accounts receivable primarily driven by increased revenue during the period as we continue to expand our operations and an increase in the average days outstanding of our accounts receivable and a $24.7 million increase in other current assets, primarily the result of an increase in our revenue and, to a lesser extent, an increase in office rental advance payments. This was partially offset by an increase of $39.5 million in accounts payable and an increase in other accrued liabilities such as payroll and payroll related expenses of $10.2 million, resulting from an increase in the number of our employees, and VAT payables, driven primarily by an increase in traffic acquisition costs.  
  
   40 

Investing Activities  
  Our investing activities to date have consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment and acquisitions.  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $59.3 million and consisted of $54.4 million for purchases of property and equipment and $5.1 million related to the Monsieur Drive acquisition, partially offset by a $0.2 million refund of bank deposits or lease deposits related to old premises.  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash used in investing activities was $82.1 million and consisted of $55.3 million for purchases of property and equipment, $20.5 million related to the DataPop acquisition and $6.3 million in bank deposits or lease deposits related to new premises.  
  Financing Activities  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $15.4 million resulting from $17.2 million of share option exercises and $3.8 million of draws on revolving credit facilities, partially offset by $5.6 million for repayment of loans and other financial liabilities.  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, net cash provided by financing activities was $6.1 million resulting from $10.0 million of share option exercises and $3.2 million of draws on revolving credit facilities, which was partially offset by $6.1 million for repayment of loans and $1.0 million of changes in other financial liabilities.  

41 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
  Market Risk 
    
  There have been no material changes to our exposure to market risk during the first nine months of 2016. For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to our market risk disclosures set forth in Part II, Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Credit Risk  
  The maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of each reported period is represented by the carrying amount of financial assets, and summarized in the following table:  

As of December 31, 2015 and   September 30, 2016  ,   no   customer accounted for 10% or more of trade receivables. 
  We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and do not require collateral. We maintain an allowance for estimated credit losses. During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2015 and the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, our net change in allowance for doubtful accounts was $2.3 million and $5.0 million, respectively. 
  Trade Receivables  
  Credit risk is defined as an unexpected loss in cash and earnings if the client is unable to pay its obligations in due time. We perform internal ongoing credit risk evaluations of our clients. When a possible risk exposure is identified, we require prepayments.  
  For each period presented, the aging of trade receivables and allowances for potential losses is as follows:  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  
  Our cash and cash equivalents are invested primarily in demand deposit accounts and money market funds that are currently providing only a minimal return.  
  
   42 

Market Risk  
  Foreign Currency Risk  
  A 10% increase or decrease of the Pound Sterling, the euro, the Japanese yen or the Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar would have impacted the Consolidated Statements of Income including non-controlling interests as follows:  

Counter Party Risk  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we show a positive net cash position. Since 2012, we have utilized a cash pooling arrangement, reinforcing cash management centralization. Investment and financing decisions are carried out by our internal treasury function. We only deal with counterparties with high credit ratings. In addition, under our Investment and Risk Management Policy, investments performed by Criteo with a single counterparty shall not exceed 25% of the total invested portfolio no matter the rating of such counterparty. 

43 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Based on their evaluation as of   September 30, 2016  , our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance that (i) the information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and (ii) such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management's evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Limitation on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Criteo have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error of fraud may occur and not be detected.  

44 

PART II  
   
  Item 1.    Legal Proceedings.  
  On June 13, 2016, we filed a complaint in the Central District of California for damages and injunctive relief against SteelHouse, Inc. ( SteelHouse ), alleging Federal False and/or Misleading Advertising, Fraud, Intentional Interference with Prospective Economic Advantage, Libel, Trade Libel, Unfair Competition under California Business   Professions Code   17200, and False Advertising under California Business   Professions Code   17500.  In the complaint, we allege that SteelHouse perpetrated a counterfeit click fraud scheme in its business operations, and engaged in false and misleading advertising related to such conduct.  On July 1, 2016, we filed a motion for preliminary injunction to enjoin such conduct.  On July 25, 2016, SteelHouse filed its Answer and Counterclaims, alleging Federal False and/or Misleading Advertising, False Advertising under California Business   Professions Code   17500, Unfair Competition under California Business   Professions Code   17200, Intentional Interference with Contract, and Intentional Interference with Prospective Economic Relations against us.  In its counterclaims, SteelHouse alleges that we manufactured click count numbers and interfered with SteelHouse's actual and prospective business relationships.  The parties continued the motion practice for this proceeding through the third quarter of 2016. On October 31, 2016, the Company reached a settlement with SteelHouse to resolve all outstanding claims and counterclaims between them. This proceeding did not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
    
  From time to time we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
    
  You should carefully consider the risks described under  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any such risks materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed and the trading price of our ADSs could decline. These risks are not exclusive and additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .  

45 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
  Exhibit Index 

Incorporated by Reference 
      Exhibit 
      
    Description 
      
    Schedule/ Form 
      
    File 
  Number 
      
    Exhibit 
      
    File 
  Date 
      3.1# 
      
    By-laws (  status  ) (English translation) (corrected version) 

31.1# 
      
    Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2# 
      
    Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1* 
      
    Certificate of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL   Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

#    Filed herewith.  
  *    Furnished herewith. 

46 

SIGNATURES  
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

CRITEO S.A. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
    /s/ Benoit Fouilland 
      Date:  November 7, 2016 
    Name: 
     Benoit Fouilland 
        
    Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial officer and duly authorized signatory) 

47 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exhibit31bylawscorrectedve.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.1 
  Please note that because we are a French company, the full text of the By-laws included in this Exhibit 3.1 has been translated from French. In the case of any discrepancy between this version and the French version, the French version will prevail. 
    
  CRITEO 
  A French   soci t  anonyme   (corporation) with share capital of  1,594,012.28 
  Registered office: 32 Rue Blanche, 75009 Paris, France 
  Paris Trade and Companies Registry no. 484 786 249  
  _____________________ 

UPDATED BYLAWS  
  as of October 27, 2016 

Copy certified as true to the original 

__________________ 
  Nicole Kelsey 

TITLE I 
    
  LEGAL FORM, NAME, PURPOSES, REGISTERED OFFICE AND TERM OF THE COMPANY 
    
  ARTICLE 1 ~ LEGAL FORM 
  The Company was incorporated as a   soci t  par actions simplifi e   (simplified corporation) and subsequently converted into a   soci t  anonyme   by a decision adopted by the shareholders on March 3, 2006. 
  It is governed by Book II of the Commercial Code (  Code de Commerce  ) and by these bylaws. 
    
  ARTICLE 2 ~ NAME 
  The Company s name is: 
  CRITEO 
  In all instruments and documents issued by the Company and intended for third parties, the Company s name shall always be immediately preceded or followed by the words    soci t  anonyme    or the acronym  SA  and by the amount of share capital. 
    
  ARTICLE 3 ~ PURPOSES 
  The Company s purposes, directly or indirectly, both in France and abroad, are: 
             
    Providing IT services and software, acting as a communication agency, providing consulting services to companies and engaging in distance sales; 
                
    Taking equity stakes or acquiring interests in all commercial, industrial, financial, real or personal property companies and enterprises by creating new companies, making contributions, subscribing for or purchasing securities or corporate rights, carrying out corporate mergers and entering into alliances or consortia, whether by taking equity stakes or otherwise; 
                
    Managing, administering and disposing of said equity stakes, including providing consulting services in the fields of administration and management, in particular commercial, financial and administrative administration and management; and 
                
    More broadly, engaging in all financial, commercial, industrial and personal or real property operations that may be directly or indirectly related to the purposes above or any similar or connected purposes that may promote the Company s expansion or development in France and abroad.  
       
  ARTICLE 4 ~ REGISTERED OFFICE 
  The Company s registered office is located at: 
  32 Rue Blanche, 75009 Paris. 
  It may be transferred to any other location within the same   d partement   (county) or any adjacent   d partement   by a decision of the Board of Directors, provided such decision is ratified by the next ordinary general shareholders  meeting, and anywhere else by a decision adopted by an extraordinary general shareholders  meeting. 

2 

If a transfer is decided by the Board of Directors, the Board is authorized to amend the bylaws and perform the publication and filing formalities required as a result, provided it is stated  that the transfer is subject to the aforementioned ratification.  
    
  ARTICLE 5 ~ TERM 
  The term of the Company shall be ninety-nine (99) years from the date of its registration with the Trade and Companies Registry, except in the event it is dissolved before the expiration of its term or if said term is extended by an extraordinary general shareholders  meeting. 
    
  ***      ***      *** 
    
  *** 
    
  TITLE II 
  SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES 
    
  ARTICLE 6 ~ SHARE CAPITAL  
  The Company has a share capital of  1,594,012.28. It is divided into 63,760,491 shares with a par value of  0.025     each, all fully paid-up and of the same category. 
    
  ARTICLE 7 ~ LEGAL FORM 
  All shares shall be registered shares. Shares shall be registered in an account, in accordance with the law. 
    
  ARTICLE 8 ~ SHARE TRANSFERS 
           8.1. 
    All share transfers shall be carried out in accordance with the law. All expenses generated by a share transfer shall be borne by the transferee. 
              8.2. 
    Shares are freely transferable. 
       
  ARTICLE 9 - RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS PERTAINING TO SHARES  
  The rights and obligations pertaining to shares follow the shares, regardless of who holds the shares, and share transfers shall include all dividends declared but not paid and future dividends and, if applicable, the relevant share of reserve funds and provisions. 
  Ownership of a share shall   ipso facto   be deemed the shareholder s approval of these bylaws and of decisions adopted by general shareholders  meetings. 
  Except as otherwise provided by the law, each shareholder shall have in general meetings as many votes as the number of shares he or she owns, provided that all required payments due for such share have been met. For the same par value, each share entitles its holder to one vote. 
  Each share carries a right to a share of corporate assets, of profits, and of liquidation surplus, proportional to the number and nominal value of the existing shares. 

3 

Whenever it is necessary to hold more than one share, whether or not preferred shares, or securities to exercise any right, the shareholders or holders of securities shall take it upon themselves to pool the number of shares or securities required. 
  ARTICLE 10 ~ PAYMENT FOR SHARES 
  Amounts to be paid, in cash, as payment for shares subscribed pursuant to a capital increase shall be payable in accordance with the requirements imposed by an extraordinary general shareholders  meeting. 
  The initial payment shall not be less than one-fourth, at the time of a capital increase, of the par value of the shares. If applicable, the initial payment shall include the entire amount of the issue premium. 
  The Board of Directors shall make calls for payment of the balance, in one or more installments, within a period of five years from the date the capital increase is completed. 
  Each shareholder shall be notified of the amounts called and the date on which the corresponding sums are to be paid at least fifteen days before the due date. 
  Shareholders who do not pay amounts owed on the shares they hold by the due date shall automatically and without the need for a formal demand for payment owe the Company late payment interest calculated on a daily basis, on the basis of a 365 day year, as of the due date at the legal rate in commercial matters, plus three points, without prejudice to the Company s personal action against the shareholder in breach and the enforcement measures authorized by law. 
    
  ***      ***      *** 
    
  *** 
    
  TITLE III 
    
  MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY 
    
  ARTICLE 11 ~ BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
  11.1.    Composition 
  The Company shall be managed by a Board composed of individuals or legal entities whose number shall be determined by the ordinary general shareholders  meeting within the limits set by the law. 
  At the time they are appointed, legal entities shall designate an individual as their permanent representative to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the permanent representative shall have the same duration as the term of office of the legal entity he represents. If a legal entity removes its permanent representative from office, it shall immediately appoint a replacement. The same provision shall also apply in the event of the death or resignation of the permanent representative. 
  The directors are appointed for a term of two years. The office of a director shall terminate at the close of the ordinary general meeting of shareholders which deliberated on the accounts of the preceding financial year and held in the year during which the term of office of said director comes to an end. 
  Directors are always eligible for reappointment. They may be removed from office at any time by a decision of a general shareholders  meeting. 

4 

In the event of one or more vacancies on the Board of Directors due to death or resignation, the Board may make temporary appointments between two general shareholders  meetings. 
  A director appointed to replace another director shall serve only for the remaining portion of his predecessor s term of office. 
  Appointments made by the Board pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall be submitted for ratification by the next ordinary general shareholders  meeting. 
  If such appointments are not ratified, decisions adopted and acts performed by the Board shall nevertheless remain valid. 
  If the number of directors falls below the statutory minimum, the remaining directors shall immediately convene an ordinary general shareholders  meeting for the purpose of completing the membership of the Board. 
  Company employees may be appointed as directors. However, their employment contracts must correspond to actual employment. In such case, employees do not lose the benefit of their employment contracts. 
  The number of directors who are parties to an employment contract with the Company shall not exceed one-third of the directors in office. 
  The number of directors over the age of 70 shall not exceed one-third of the directors in office. If this limit is exceeded during the directors  terms of office, the oldest director shall automatically be deemed to have resigned at the conclusion of the next general shareholders  meeting. 
    
  11.2.    Chairman 
  The Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman from among its members, who shall be an individual. The Board shall determine the duration of his term of office, which shall not exceed his term of office as director, and may remove him from office at any time. The Board shall set his compensation. 
  The Chairman shall organize and manage the work of the Board and report thereon to the general shareholders  meetings. The Chairman shall ensure the satisfactory functioning of the Company s governing bodies and, in particular, ensure that the directors are able to perform their duties. 
  The Chairman of the Board shall not be over the age of 70. If the Chairman reaches this age limit during his term of office as Chairman, he shall automatically be deemed to have resigned. The Chairman s term of office shall continue until the next Board of Directors  meeting, at which his successor shall be appointed. Subject to this provision, the Chairman of the Board is always eligible for reappointment. 
    
  ARTICLE 12 ~ BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
  12.1.    The Board of Directors shall meet as often as required by the Company s interests. 
  12.2.    The Chairman shall give the directors notice of Board meetings. Notice may be given by any means, whether written or oral. 
  The Chief Executive Officer may also request the Chairman to convene a meeting of the Board of Directors to consider a specific agenda.  
  In addition, directors representing at least one-third of Board members may validly convene a Board meeting. In such case, they shall state the agenda for the meeting. 
  If a Works Council has been created, the representatives of such Council, appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Labor Code (  Code du Travail  ), shall be given notice of all Board of Directors  meetings. 

5 

Board meetings shall be held at the registered office or at any other place in France or abroad. 
  12.3.    For the Board to deliberate validly, at least one-half of its members shall be present. 
  Decisions of the Board of Directors shall be adopted by a majority of votes cast. In the event of a tie vote, the Chairman shall not have the power to break the tie. 
  12.4.    The Board of Directors may adopt internal rules and regulations, which may provide   inter alia   that, for purposes of calculating the quorum and majority, directors who participate in Board meetings by videoconference or other means of telecommunication in compliance with the laws and regulations in force will be deemed to be present. This provision shall not apply to decisions concerning (i) the approval of the annual financial statements or the Board of Directors  management report; (ii) if applicable, the preparation of consolidated financial statements or the group management rapport and (iii) the dismissal from office of the Chief Executive Officer for any other cause than willful misconduct. 
  12.5.    Each director shall receive the information necessary to perform his duties and hold his corporate office, and may obtain copies of all documents he deems of use. 
  12.6.    Any director may, including by letter, telegram or fax, grant another director a proxy to represent him at a Board meeting, but no director may hold more than one proxy at any meeting. 
  12.7.    Copies or extracts of the minutes of Board of Directors  meetings shall be validly certified by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Vice-Presidents, a director temporarily appointed to act as Chairman or an agent duly authorized for such purpose. 
    
  ARTICLE 13 ~ POWERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
  The Board of Directors shall establish the Company s business policies and ensure they are carried out. Subject to the powers expressly granted to shareholders  meetings, and within the limits of the corporate purposes, the Board of Directors may consider any issue relating to the proper operation of the Company and shall resolve matters that concern the Company by its decisions.  
  In its relations with third parties, the Company shall be bound by the acts of the Board of Directors that exceed the scope of the corporate purposes, unless the Company proves that the third party was aware, or that in light of the circumstances could not have been unaware, that the act was not within said corporate purposes. However, the mere publication of the bylaws shall not constitute such proof.  
  The Board of Directors shall carry out all verifications and audits it deems necessary. 
  Furthermore, the Board of Directors shall exercise the special powers conferred on it by law. 
    
  ARTICLE 14 ~ EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT 
  14.1.1.    The Company s executive management functions shall be performed, under the Chairman s responsibility, by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or another individual appointed by the Board of Directors, who shall hold the title of Chief Executive Officer. 
  The Chef Executive Officer shall have the broadest possible powers to act in all circumstances in the name of the Company. The Chief Executive Officer shall exercise his powers within the limits of the corporate purposes and subject to the powers expressly granted by law to shareholders  meetings and to the Board of Directors.  
  He shall represent the Company in its dealings with third parties. The Company shall be bound by acts of the Chief Executive Officer that exceed the scope of the corporate purposes, unless the Company is able to prove that the third party was aware, or that in light of the circumstances could not have been unaware, that the act was not within said corporate purposes. However, the mere publication of the bylaws shall not be sufficient to constitute such proof.  

6 

14.1.2.    The Chief Executive Officer shall not be over 70 years of age. If the Chief Executive Officer reaches this age limit, he shall automatically be deemed to have resigned. The Chief Executive Officer s term of office shall continue until the next Board of Directors  meeting, at which a new Chief Executive Officer shall be appointed. 
  14.1.3.    If the Chief Executive Officer is a director, the term of his position shall not exceed his term of office as director. 
  The Board of Directors may remove the Chief Executive Officer from office at any time. If the removal from office is decided without just cause, the Chief Executive Officer removed from office may claim damages unless he also holds the position of Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
  14.1.4.    By a decision adopted by a majority vote of the directors present or represented, the Board of Directors shall choose between the two executive management methods described in Article 14.1.1, paragraph 1. The shareholders and third parties shall be informed of such choice in the manner prescribed by the laws and regulations. 
  The choice made by the Board of Directors shall remain in effect until a contrary decision of the Board or, at the Board s discretion, for the duration of the Chief Executive Officer's term of office. 
  If the Company s executive management functions are carried out by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the provisions concerning the Chief Executive Officer shall apply to him. 
  In accordance with the provisions of Article 706-43 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, the Chief Executive Officer may validly delegate to any person of his choice the authority to represent the Company in connection with criminal proceedings that may be initiated against the Company. 
  14.2.1.    Pursuant to a proposal of the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors may authorize one or more individuals to assist the Chief Executive Officer in the capacity of Executive Vice-President.  
  In agreement with the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors shall determine the scope and duration of the powers granted to the Executive Vice-Presidents. The Board of Directors shall set their compensation. If an Executive Vice-President is a director, the term of his position shall not exceed his term of office as director. 
  Vis- -vis third parties, Executive Vice-Presidents shall have the same powers as the Chief Executive Officer. Executive Vice-Presidents have   inter alia   the power to initiate legal proceedings. 
  No more than five Executive Vice-Presidents shall be appointed. 
  Pursuant to a proposal of the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Vice-President(s) may be removed from office by the Board of Directors at any time. If the removal from office is decided without just cause, an Executive Vice-President removed from office may claim damages. 
  Executive Vice-Presidents shall not be over 70 years of age. If an Executive Vice-President in office reaches this age limit, he shall automatically be deemed to have resigned. The Executive Vice-President s term of office shall continue until the next Board of Directors  meeting, at which a new Executive Vice-President may be appointed. 
  If the Chief Executive Officer leaves office or is unable to perform his duties, unless otherwise decided by the Board of Directors, the Executive Vice-President(s) shall remain in office and retain their powers until the appointment of a new Chief Executive Officer. 
  Vis- -vis third parties, the Executive Vice-Presidents shall have the same powers as the Chief Executive Officer. 
    
  ARTICLE 15   BOARD OBSERVERS 
  Pursuant to a proposal of the Board of Directors, an ordinary general shareholders  meeting may appoint Board observers. The Board of Directors may also appoint Board observers directly, subject to ratification by the next general shareholders  meeting. 
  
   7 

No more than five Board observers shall be appointed, and they shall constitute a panel. They shall be appointed, without restriction, on the basis of their expertise. 
  The observers are appointed for a term of two years. The office of an observer shall terminate at the close of the ordinary general meeting of shareholders which deliberated on the accounts of the preceding financial year and held in the year during which the term of office of said observer comes to an end. 
  The panel of Board observers shall review matters that the Board of Directors or its Chairman submits to it for its opinion. The Board observers shall attend Board of Directors  meetings and shall take part in deliberations in a non-voting capacity. However, their absence shall not affect the validity of the Board s deliberations. 
  They shall be given notice of Board meetings in the same manner as the directors. 
  The Board of Directors may remunerate the Board observers by allocating an amount from the directors  fees granted annually by a general shareholders  meeting. 
    
  ARTICLE 16 ~ AGREEMENTS SUBJECT TO AUTHORIZATION 
  16.1.    Guarantees, pledges and other security interests granted by the Company shall be authorized by the Board of Directors in accordance with the requirements prescribed by law. 
  16.2.    All agreements made directly or through an intermediary between the Company and its Chief Executive Officer, an Executive Vice-President, a director, a shareholder holding more than 10% of voting rights or, if the shareholder is a company, with the company controlling such shareholder within the meaning of Article L. 223-3 of the Commercial Code, shall require the prior approval of the Board of Directors.  
  The foregoing shall also apply to agreements in which any of the persons described in the previous paragraph has an indirect interest.  
  Agreements made between the Company and any enterprise in which the Chief Executive Officer, an Executive Vice-President or a director is an owner, a partner with unlimited liability, a manager, a director, a member of the Supervisory Board, or, generally, is a person with management responsibilities in such enterprise, shall also require prior authorization. 
  The prior authorization of the Board of Directors shall be required, in accordance with the requirements prescribed by law. 
  The foregoing provisions shall not apply to agreements concerning ordinary transactions that are entered into on arm s length terms.  
    
  ARTICLE 17 ~ PROHIBITED AGREEMENTS 
  Directors who are not legal entities shall be prohibited from obtaining, in any form whatsoever, loans from the Company, current account or other overdraft facilities from the Company or to have the Company provide a guarantee or pledge securing their undertakings to third parties. 
  The same prohibition shall apply to the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Vice-Presidents and to the permanent representatives of directors that are legal entities. The foregoing provision shall also apply to the spouses, ascendants and descendants of the persons referred to in this article, as well as to all intermediaries. 
    
  ARTICLE 18 ~ STATUTORY AUDITORS 
  The Company shall be audited, in accordance with the requirements prescribed by law, by one or more statutory auditors who meet the eligibility requirements prescribed by law. If the requirements prescribed by law are met, the Company shall appoint at least two statutory auditors. 

8 

Each statutory auditor shall be appointed by an ordinary general shareholders  meeting. 
  An ordinary shareholders  meeting shall appoint one or more alternate statutory auditors, which shall replace the principal statutory auditors in the event they refuse or are unable to perform their duties, or in the event of their resignation or death. 
  If an ordinary general shareholders  meeting fails to appoint a statutory auditor, any shareholder may petition the court to appoint one, after having duly joined the Chairman of the Board of Directors to the proceedings. The term of office of a statutory auditor appointed by the court shall expire when an ordinary shareholders  meeting appoints the statutory auditor(s). 
    
  ***      ***      *** 
    
  *** 
    
  TITLE IV 
    
  GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS  MEETINGS 
    
  ARTICLE 19 
  General shareholders  meetings shall be convened and shall meet in the manner prescribed by law. 
  If the Company wishes to give notice of meetings electronically, instead of by mail, it must first obtain the agreement of the shareholders concerned, who shall provide their email address. 
  Meetings shall be held at the registered office or at any other location specified in the notice of meeting. 
  The right to participate in general shareholders  meetings is proved by the registration of shares in the shareholder s name, as of the date of the general shareholders  meeting, in the registered share accounts kept by the Company. 
  Shareholders who do not attend the general shareholders  meeting personally may choose one of three following options: 
  - Granting a proxy to another shareholder, his spouse or his partner in a French domestic partnership (PACS), or 
  - Voting by mail, or 
  - Sending a proxy to the Company without specifying any voting instructions, 
  in accordance with the requirements prescribed by the laws and regulations. 
  In accordance with the requirements prescribed by the laws and regulations in force, the Board of Directors may arrange for shareholders to participate and vote by videoconference or means of telecommunication that allow them to be identified. If the Board of Directors decides to exercise this right for a particular shareholders  meeting, such Board decision shall be mentioned in the announcement and/or notice of the meeting. Shareholders who participate in shareholders  meetings be videoconference or any of the other means of telecommunication referred to above, as selected by the Board of Directors, shall be deemed present for the purposes of calculating the quorum and majority.  
  Shareholders  meetings shall be chaired by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or, in the absence thereof, by the Chief Executive Officer, an Executive Vice-President, if he is a director, or by a director specifically appointed for such purpose by the Board. Failing this, the shareholders  meeting shall elect its own chairman. 
  
   9 

The duties of scrutineer shall be performed by the two members of the shareholders  meeting who are present and hold the highest number of votes, and who agree to perform such duties. The officers shall appoint a secretary, who may but need not be a shareholder. 
  An attendance sheet shall be kept, in accordance with the requirements prescribed by law. 
  An ordinary general shareholders  meeting can be validly conducted pursuant to a first or second notice of meeting only if the shareholders present or represented hold at least 33 1/3 percent of the shares having the right to vote. 
  Decisions of ordinary general meetings shall be adopted by a simple majority of the votes cast by the shareholders present or represented. 
  An extraordinary general shareholders  meeting can be validly conducted pursuant to a first or second notice of meeting only if the shareholders present or represented hold at least 33 1/3 percent of the shares having the right to vote. 
  Decisions of extraordinary general meetings shall be adopted by a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by the shareholders present or represented. 
  Copies or extracts of shareholder meeting minutes may be validly certified by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, a director who holds the position of Chief Executive Officer or the secretary of the meeting. 
  Ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders  meetings shall exercise their respective powers in accordance with the requirements prescribed by law. 
    
  ***      ***      *** 
    
  *** 
    
  TITLE V 
    
  CORPORATE INCOME 
    
  ARTICLE 20 ~ FISCAL YEAR 
  Each fiscal year shall last one year, starting on January 1 and ending on December 31. 
    
  ARTICLE 21 ~ PROFITS   STATUTORY RESERVE FUND 
  An amount of at least five percent (5%) shall be deducted from the profits for the fiscal year, reduced by prior losses, if any, in order to constitute the reserve fund known as the  statutory reserve fund . Such deduction shall cease to be mandatory when the amount in the statutory reserve fund is equal to one-tenth of share capital. 
  The distributable profits are comprised of the profits for the fiscal year, reduced by prior losses and the deduction required by the previous paragraph, and increased by profits carried forward. 

10 

ARTICLE 22 ~ DIVIDENDS 
  If the financial statements for the fiscal year, as approved by a general shareholders  meeting, show a distributable profit, the general shareholders  meeting shall post it to one or more reserve funds that they have the power to appropriate or use, carry it forward or distribute it in the form of dividends. 
  After having confirmed the existence of reserve funds available to it, a general shareholders  meeting may decide to distribute amounts withdrawn from such reserve funds. In such case, the decision shall expressly state the reserve items from which the withdrawals are made. However, dividends shall first be withdrawn from the distributable profits for the fiscal year. 
  The procedures for paying dividends shall be set by a general shareholders  meeting or, failing this, by the Board of Directors.  
  However, dividends shall be paid within a maximum period of nine months from the end of the fiscal year. 
  The shareholders  meeting called to approve the accounts of the financial year may grant to each shareholder, for all or part of the dividend available for distribution, a choice between payment in the form of cash or in form of shares. 
  In the same manner, each shareholder may be granted, for all or part of the interim dividends available for distribution, a choice between payment of said interim dividends in the form of cash or in the form of shares. 
  The offer of a payment in the form of shares, the price and the terms of issues of shares, as well as the request for payment in the form of shares, and the terms of acknowledgment of the subsequent share capital increase are provided by the laws and regulations.  
  In the event that a balance sheet prepared during or at the end of the fiscal year and certified as accurate by the statutory auditor(s) shows that since the end of the previous fiscal year the Company has generated a profit after necessary depreciation allowances and provisions have been booked, after deducting, if applicable, previous losses and sums to be booked into reserve funds as required by law or these bylaws, and after taking into account profits carried forward, the Board of Directors may decide to distribute interim dividends before the financial statements for the fiscal year have been approved, as well as the amount thereof and the distribution date. The amount of such interim dividends shall not exceed the amount of profits as defined in this paragraph. 
    
  ***      ***      *** 
    
  *** 
    
  TITLE VI 
    
  DISSOLUTION - LIQUIDATION 
    
  ARTICLE 23 ~ EARLY DISSOLUTION  
  An extraordinary general shareholders  meeting may, at any time, decide to dissolve the Company before the expiration of its term. 

11 

ARTICLE 24 ~ LOSS OF ONE-HALF OF SHARE CAPITAL 
  If as a result of losses reported in the accounting documents, the Company s shareholders  equity falls below one-half of share capital, the Board of Directors shall, within four months following the approval of the financial statements reporting such loss, convene an extraordinary general shareholders  meeting to decide whether to dissolve the Company before the expiration of its term. 
  If it is decided not to dissolve the Company, no later than the end of the second fiscal year following the fiscal year in which the loss is observed, and subject to the legal provisions with respect to the minimum capital of   soci t s anonymes  , the Company shall reduce its share capital by an amount at least equal to losses that cannot be set off against reserve funds, if during such period shareholders  equity has not been reconstituted to an amount at least equal to one-half of share capital. 
  If a general shareholders  meeting is not held or if such shareholders  meeting is unable to validly deliberate after it had been convened a second time, any interested party may petition the Commercial Court to dissolve the Company. 
    
  ARTICLE 25 ~ EFFECTS OF DISSOLUTION 
  The Company shall be in liquidation from the time it is dissolved, regardless of the reason there for. The Company s legal personality shall continue to exist for the purposes of the liquidation until completion of the liquidation proceedings.  
  During the entire duration of the liquidation proceedings, general shareholders  meetings shall have the same powers as during the Company s existence. 
  Shares shall remain negotiable until completion of the liquidation proceedings. 
  The Company s dissolution shall be binding vis- -vis third parties only as of the date that notice thereof has been published with the Trade and Companies Registry.  
    
  ARTICLE 26 ~ APPOINTMENT OF LIQUIDATORS - POWERS 
  When the Company s term expires or if the Company is dissolved before the expiration of its term, a general shareholders  meeting shall decide the method of liquidation, appoint one or more liquidators and establish their powers, which the liquidators shall exercise in accordance with the law. The appointment of liquidators shall cause the duties of the directors, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice-Presidents to end. 
    
  ARTICLE 27 ~ LIQUIDATION   CONCLUSION OF LIQUIDATION PROCEEDINGS 
  In the event of the Company s dissolution or liquidation, after payment of the liabilities, the remaining assets shall be used first for the payment to the shareholders of the par value of their shares which has not been amortized. Then, the balance, if any, shall be divided among all the shareholders. 
  Upon completion of the liquidation proceedings, the shareholders shall be convened to vote on the final accounts, the discharge to be granted to the liquidators for the performance of their duties, the termination of their duties and to certify the completion of the liquidation proceedings.  
  The completion of the liquidation proceedings shall be published in accordance with the law. 
    
  ***      ***      *** 
    
  *** 
  
   12 

TITLE VII 
    
  NOTICES 
    
  ARTICLE 28 
  All notices required by these bylaws shall be sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, or served by a bailiff (  acte extra-judiciaire  ). At the same time, a copy of the notice shall be sent to the addressee by ordinary mail. 
    
  --oo0oo-- 

13 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311ceo10qq32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to  
  Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)  
  as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  I, Eric Eichmann, certify that: 
  1.     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Criteo S.A.; 
  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4.     The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5.     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date: November 7, 2016 
               /s/ Eric Eichmann 
      Eric Eichmann 
      Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312cfo10qq32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to  
  Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)  
  as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  I, Benoit Fouilland, certify that: 
  1.     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Criteo S.A.; 
  2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4.     The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5.     The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date: November 7, 2016 
               /s/ Benoit Fouilland 
      Benoit Fouilland 
      Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321ceocfo10qq32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to  
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to  
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
    
  Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C.  1350),   Eric Eichmann, Chief Executive Officer of Criteo S.A. (the  Company ), and Benoit Fouilland, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
           1. 
    The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Quarterly Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date: November 7, 2016 
    
                   /s/ Eric Eichmann 
      
    /s/ Benoit Fouilland 
      Eric Eichmann 
      
    Benoit Fouilland 
      Chief Executive Officer 
      
    Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Quarterly Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 crto-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 crto-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 crto-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 crto-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 crto-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 crto-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

