<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161004_10-K_edgar_data_1670869_0001663577-16-000330_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3370651</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>202869</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>223551</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1051335</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1010668</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>753663</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>116</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001663577-16-000330.hdr.sgml : 20161004
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161004170548
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-16-000330
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161004
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161004

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001670869
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				900895673
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55609
		FILM NUMBER:		161919900

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9101 LBJ FREEWAY, SUITE 200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75243
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-833-1584

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9101 LBJ FREEWAY, SUITE 200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75243

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001663577-16-000330.txt : 20161004

10-K
 1
 mainbody.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION   

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K  

[X] Annual Report
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 

 of 1934 for
the Fiscal Year Ended   June 30, 2016   

[  ] 
     Transition Report Under Section 13 or 15(d) of the
    Securities Exchange Act of 1934  for the transition period from _________ to ________  

Commission File Number: 000-55609 

Rocky
Mountain High Brands, Inc.     

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada    
         
        90-0895673     
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  incorporation or organization)  
         
       (I.R.S.
        Employer  
          Identification
        No.)    

9101
                    LBJ Freeway, Suite 200, Dallas, TX 75243    
          (Address
        of principal executive offices) (Zip code)    

(800)-260-9062    
          (Registrant s
        telephone number, including area code)    

Securities
                                         registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:  
          Not
        Applicable  

None   
          (Title
        of each class)   
        N/A   
          (Name
        of Exchange on which registered)    

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value    

  (Title
of class)     

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  

  Yes
[ ] No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  

  Yes
[ ] No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

  Yes
[ X ] No [ ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  

  Yes
[ ] No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ]  

Non-accelerated
filer [ ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  

  Yes
[ ] No [X]  

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Approximately $19,082,549 as of December 31, 2015, using
an average of bid and asked prices of $0.04055 per share.  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
623,097,784 of as of September 28, 2016.  

Table of Contents   

TABLE
                            OF CONTENTS    

PART
I  

Page    
 
      Item
    1.     Business   
      3   
 
      Item
    1A.    Risk Factors   
      12   
 
      Item 2.     Properties   
      12   
 
      Item 3.     Legal
    Proceedings   
      13   
 
      Item 4.     Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
      15   

PART
    II   

Item 5.    Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      15   
 
      Item 6.     Selected
    Financial Data   
      16   
 
      Item 7.     Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      16   
 
      Item 7A.     Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      25   
 
      Item 8.     Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data   
      25   
 
      Item 9.     Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure      
      27   
 
      Item 9A.    Controls
    and Procedures   
      27   
 
      Item 9B.    Other
    Information   
      27   

PART
    III   

Item 10.     Directors,
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      28   
 
      Item 11.     Executive
    Compensation   
      33   
 
      Item 12.     Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    

36   
 
      Item 13.    Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director   
      37   
 
      Item 14.    Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services   
      38   

PART
    IV   
 
      Item 15.    Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules   
       39   

Table of Contents   

PART I   

When used
in this Annual Report, unless otherwise indicated, the terms  the Company,   RMHB,   we, 
 us  and  our  refers to Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. All references in this
report to  $  or  dollars  are to United States dollars, unless specifically stated otherwise.  

    Forward-Looking Statements    

  This Annual
Report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current views about future events. We use the words  anticipate, 
 assume,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   will,   intend, 
 may,   plan,   project,   should,   could,   seek,   designed, 
 potential,   forecast,   target,   objective,   goal,  or the negatives
of such terms or other similar expressions. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements.  

Item 1. Business

Overview     

Rocky Mountain
High Brands, Inc. is a Nevada corporation.  RMHB currently operates through its parent company, two wholly-owned subsidiaries
and an unconsolidated subsidiary:  

Rocky
                                         Mountain High Brands, Inc., an active Nevada corporation (Parent)   

Rocky Mountain High
    Clothing Company, Inc., an inactive Texas Corporation (Subsidiary)   

Smarterita, LLC, an
    inactive Texas limited liability company (Subsidiary)   

Rocky Mountain High
    Water Company, LLC (unconsolidated Subsidiary)   

RMHB
is a consumer goods brand development company specializing in developing, manufacturing, marketing, and distributing high quality,
health conscious, hemp-infused food and beverage products and spring water. The Company currently markets a lineup of five hemp-infused
beverages. RMHB is also researching the development of a lineup of products containing Cannabidiol (CBD). The Company s
intention is to be on the cutting edge of the use of CBD in consumer products while complying with all state and federal laws
and regulations. See New Product Pipeline below.  

  After developing
the beverage products, RMHB completed its first production run in February of 2015. Since then RMHB has had production runs for
hemp-infused beverages totaling over 3,700,000 cans. Each beverage contains approximately 100mg of hempseed extract, and all of
the non-alcoholic beverages will consist of all-natural ingredients. The non-alcoholic products are shelf stable (no refrigeration
necessary) with a shelf life of  two  (2) years. The Wine Based Ready-to-Drink Cocktails
contain 12.5% alcohol and are packaged in 375ml, 750ml and 1.5 liter PET bottles. These alcoholic beverages are also shelf stable
(no   refrigeration   necessary) and 
 have   a   shelf 
 life   of   18 
 months.   Packaging for our line-up of products containing cannabinoids (CBD)
will be determined at a later date.  

The
Company has also run its first production run of both Energy Shots and Relaxation Brownies. In addition, in August, the Company
bottled his first high alkaline spring water.  

Business
Development in the Last Three Years   

The
Company is a C corporation, and was incorporated in the State of Nevada in 2000.  

Over
the past three years, the Company developed as follows:  

In
May 2011, the Company changed its name from Precious Metals Exchange Corp. to Legends Food Company, with a business plan of selling
quick frozen barbecue over the internet to consumers and engaging celebrities to help sell the product, thus the Legends name.
The Company started development of a web-site with a shopping cart to accommodate sales. Prior to launching, the Company modified
its strategy.  

Table of Contents   

In
November, 2011, the Company was able to trademark the name  Republic of Texas Brands, and shifted its operations from the
frozen barbecue over the internet to sales of Texas based products over the internet, utilizing an updated version of the shopping
cart that was developed as a part of the Legends Foods website. The Company operated the website during the first quarter of fiscal
year ending June 30, 2012 and generated approximately $100,000 in sales during that time period.  

When
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Marketing Officer resigned from the Company, remaining management changed strategies and
focused on acquisition of a barbecue restaurant chain with twelve operating restaurants. The Company entered into a Letter of
Intent to purchase the restaurant chain, but was unable to close the transaction due to its inability to raise sufficient capital.  

The
development of the business over the past three years has been interrupted by a Chapter 11 bankruptcy, from which the Company
successfully emerged on July 11, 2014 with a confirmed Plan of Reorganization ( Plan ) by order of United States Bankruptcy
Judge Barbara Houser. The bankruptcy proceeding is more fully set forth hereinafter under the section entitled Involvement in
Certain Legal Proceedings. In early 2013, the Company had sought to purchase a barbeque chain located in the Dallas, Texas area,
but was ultimately unable to secure financing and was sued by the party with whom the Company had contracted     to
arrange and secure the financing. The Company filed a Voluntary Petition under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. During the bankruptcy
proceeding, the Company determined that a new business model would provide the best opportunity to grow the Company. The Company
entered into a newly emerging sector of hemp-infused beverages. The Plan called for the acquisition by the Company of Chill Texas,
a business with distribution rights to Chillo, a hemp-infused energy drink.  

In
August, 2014, the Company made a decision to develop its own line of hemp-infused beverages, and followed through by creating
formulas, logos, trademarks and conducting the requisite market research to determine the viability of such a lineup of hemp-infused
drinks. During this developmental phase of the Company as a hemp-infused beverage business, the Company was successful in trademarking
the name Rocky Mountain High for its drinks.  

In
early 2015, the Company scheduled its first production run of drink products and in February, 2015 completed its first production
run. Since that first production run in its Minnesota co-packing facility, the Company has produced nearly 4,000,000 cans of hemp-infused
beverages in its first year in the hemp-infused beverage business. The Company had established a distribution network for the
distribution of its products and continues to pursue distributor affiliations in order to place its drinks in national retail
chains.  

The
only purchase and sale of assets outside the ordinary course of business was the purchase of assets from Dollar Shots Club, LLC
and subsequent sale of those assets to Dollar Shots Club, Inc. A more detailed description of those transactions are set forth
on page 4 under Acquisition Agreements.  

During
2015 the Company acquired all of the interests in Smarterita, LLC for 4,500,000 shares of restricted Rule 144 common stock of
the Company.  

In
the past three years, the Company changed its corporate name from Republic of Texas Brands, Inc. (RTXB) to Totally Hemp Crazy,
Inc. (THCZ) and then to the current name of Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. (RMHB).  

Corporate
History    

Rocky Mountain
High Brands Inc. 10/23/2014 to present   Articles of Amendment filed with the State of  

  Nevada  

f/k/a Totally
Hemp Crazy Inc. 07/17/2014 to 10/23/2014   Articles of Amendment filed with the State of  

  Nevada  

f/k/a Republic
of Texas Brands Incorporated 11/2011 to 07/17/2014   Articles of Amendment filed with the State of  

  Nevada  

Table of Contents   

f/k/a Legends
Food Corporation 05/2011 to 11/2011   Articles of Amendment filed with the State of Nevada  

f/k/a Precious
Metals Exchange Corp. (hereinafter referred to as  PMEC,  the  Issuer  or the  Company )  
Articles of Amendment filed with the State of Nevada on December 23, 2008  

f/k/a Stealth
Industries, Inc.   Articles of Amendment filed with the State of Minnesota on October 25, 1999 (name change). Articles of
Incorporation filed with the State of Nevada on October 30, 2000 (Change of Domicile; Merger with Stealth Industries, Inc. (Minnesota)  

f/k/a Assisted
Living Corporation   Articles of Amendment filed with the State of Minnesota on November 3, 1993 (name change)  

f/k/a Electric
Reel Corporation of America, Inc. -- Articles of Incorporation filed with the State of Minnesota on August 15, 1968  

Acquisition
Agreements    

On
March 31, 2015 the Company acquired 100% of the ownership interests of Smarterita, LLC, a Texas Limited Liability Company from
Vintage Specialists, LLC and Thomas Shuman, the former President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Smarterita, LLC owned
certain inventory defined in the agreement and the trade name  Smarterita . Consideration for the acquisition was 3,000,000
restricted   shares   of 
 the   Company s   common 
 stock   to   the 
 owners   of   Vintage 
 Specialists,   LLC   for 
 66%   of   Smarterita, 
 LLC   and$1,500 in cash to Thomas Shuman for his 34% of Smarterita, LLC. Prior
to the series of transactions that effected the acquisition, Mr. Shuman owned 17% of Smarterita, LLC. He acquired an additional
17% from Michael Martin,  who  was issued 1,500,000 shares of the Company s restricted
common stock as consideration for delivery of the interests to Mr. Shuman and ultimately the Company. The acquisition was accounted
for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805  Business Combinations . The total purchase price for the acquisition
was allocated to the net tangible assets based upon their estimated fair values as set forth below. The excess of the purchase
price over the net assets was recorded as goodwill. The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets assumed
at the acquisition   date.  

The
Company initially considered entering into the markets served by Smarterita, LLC, but decided to refocus its efforts on other
business opportunities. As of June 30, 2015, the full amount of goodwill acquired has been impaired. Smarterita, LLC did not have
any revenues prior to the acquisition and minimal operating expenses.  

On
July 17, 2015, the Company acquired all of the assets of Dollar Shots Club, LLC. The purpose of the acquisition was to acquire
formulas developed by Dollar Shots Club, LLC for inclusion in the Company s hemp-based energy shots which were being developed
at the time.  

The
Company issued 2,000,000 shares of its common stock to seven individuals who owned 100% of membership units in Dollar Shots Club,
LLC.  The investment in Dollar Shots Club, LLC was recorded on the Company s books at a price of $166,000, which was
based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the day the stock was issued.   The assets purchased
included the trademark and other intellectual property of the LLC, inventory, all websites and ecommerce sites, goodwill, formulas
and all other general intangibles (the  assets ).  

On
September 18, 2015, the Company sold these assets to Dollar Shots Club, Inc. in exchange for 5,000,000 shares of Dollar Shots
Club, Inc. common stock. The Company retained the rights to the formulas to the shots so that it could develop a similar hemp-infused
energy version of them to be sold under Rocky Mountain High Brands.    To the best of the Company s knowledge,
there is no relationship between the Dollar Shots Club entities.     

Table of Contents   

Trademarks
Related to Our Business    

Rocky Mountain High   

Smarterita   

Totally Hemp Crazy   

Get Your Hemp On   

Blue Leaf Pharmaceuticals   

Existing
Products    

The Company has developed a lineup
of five hemp-infused beverages that include three energy drinks and a black tea and lemonade:  

Naturally Flavored Citrus Energy Drink    

A citrus energy drink that contains 100mg
    hempseed extract and is complemented with ginseng and guarana extract, caffeine and other ingredients.   

Naturally Flavored Mango Energy Drink    

A mango energy drink that contains 100mg
    hempseed extract and is complemented with ginseng and guarana extract, caffeine and other ingredients.   

Low Calorie Coconut Energy Lime    

A low calorie coconut lime energy drink
    that contains 100mg hempseed extract and is complemented with ginseng and guarana extract, caffeine and other ingredients.   

Naturally Flavored Lemonade    

A lemonade drink that contains 100mg hempseed
    extract and is complemented with ginseng extract and other ingredients.   

Naturally Flavored Black Tea    

A black tea drink that contains 100mg hempseed
    extract and is complemented with black tea and ginseng extract and other ingredients.   

The
Company recently executed a one-year agreement with MBA Beverage to coordinate the manufacturing of our products. MBA Beverage
acts as our outsourced supply-chain management and coordinates every aspect of the manufacturing process. MBA Beverage also purchases
all ingredients that are used in the manufacturing process since it has established relationships with all suppliers. MBA Beverage
purchases hemp from Global Essence, Global Essence provides MBA Beverage independent third party testing documentation that all
hemp used in our manufacturing process is THC free.  

Blues City Brewery,
    LLC ( Blues City ) in Memphis, Tennessee, a subsidiary of City Brewing Company, LLC, manufactures and bottles
    our products. Blues City is an FDA registered facility that is audited annually to ensure compliance with FDA GMP (Good Manufacturing
    Practices) for food safety. MBA Beverage schedules beverage production with Blues City. The Company does not contract with
    Blues City directly. A copy of the MBA Beverage contract is included as an exhibit to this filing.   

Sovereign Flavors
    of Santa Ana, California collaborates with the Company for product formulation under an oral agreement. The Company owns the
    propriety formulas to our products.   

Upstart Foods Marketing
    of St. Louis, Missouri and Advertising Arts of Brookfield, Wisconsin provide the packaging design. Once any packing design
    (label) is approved, Ball Metal Beverage Container Corporation or Rexam Beverage Can Company manufactures the cans. Upon completion,
    the cans are shipped to Blues City. Payments are made in advance to MBA Beverage. MBA Beverage, in turn, makes payments in
    advance at both manufacturing plants. There are no written contracts, other than with MBA Beverage and Upstart Food Marketing   

Upon completion of
    the production, the Company stores finished product at Blues City, awaiting sale to our distributor network.   

Product is sold to
    distributors under a variety of terms from cash upfront to credit terms. Additionally, the Company sells through various online
    outlets.   

Table of Contents   

New Product
Pipeline    

Wine Based Ready-to-Drink
    Cocktails   

Cannabinoid  CBD 
    infused beverages (subject to compliance with state and federal laws and regulations)   

Hemp Infused Energy
    Shots   

Hemp Infused Beverages
    - expand flavor offers and beverage line   

Hemp Protein Bars   

Hemp Chia Seed Bars   

Hemp Infused Natural
    Spring Water   

Wine Based Ready-to-Drink
Cocktails   

  The
wine based ready-to-drink cocktails are still in pre-development stage. One flavor is SmarteRita Gold, a low-calorie drink with
natural flavors that tastes like a margarita. The Company owns the formula to Smarterita Gold and is targeting third quarter of
fiscal year 2017 to market it. We plan to generate revenue from its sales by the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017.  

Cannabinoid
 CBD - infused Beverages   

  The
CBD beverage line is in pre-development stage. Any CBD beverages will be THC-free. Therefore, these products will be 100% legal
in all 50 states. Products containing Cannabidiol (CBD) can be a source of essential fatty acids, vitamin E, and trace minerals
in addition to containing high amounts of protein. CBD is extracted and separated from specific varieties of cannabis, often known
as hemp. Chemically, CBD is one of 85 chemical substances known as cannabinoids, which are all found in the cannabis plant.
CBD is the second most abundant compound in hemp, typically representing up to 40% of its extracts. CBD is actually unrelated
to the chemical chain that results in tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). They share some characteristics but are created via different
paths. The chemical properties of CBD and THC vary widely enough to classify THC as a psychotropic drug strictly controlled by
federal authorities, while CBD is considered a legal dietary supplement.  

The
Company will seek an independent legal opinion to ensure that it remains in compliance with the Controlled Substances Act prior
to marketing any products containing CBDs. Both plans are contingent upon appropriate legal vetting.  

Hemp-infused
Energy Shots   

  Hemp-infused
energy shots have been developed and are ready to bottle. Energy shots are a unique form of energy drink. Usually, they are sold
in 2-oz containers, whereas most energy drinks are sold in larger cans or bottles. Energy shots can be considered concentrated
forms of energy drinks. The leading energy shot brand in the United States is 5-Hour Energy, based on sales of about $1.05 billion
in 2015 .  The Company is targeting first quarter of fiscal year 2017 to market it. We plan to generate revenue from its
sales by the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.  

Hemp
Protein Bars and Hemp Chia Seed Bars   

  Hemp
Protein Bars and Hemp Chia Seed Bars are in pre-development stage. Ingredients are projected to include: honey, butter, rice protein,
oats, coconut, almonds, hemp proteins, brown rice, vanilla bean, sea salt, and in one variety, chia seeds. The chia seed is calorie
sparse and nutrient dense, and contains anti-oxidants and other essential nutrients. It also contains protein, and a range of
essential and non-essential amino acids and fiber.  

  The
Company is targeting second quarter of fiscal year 2017 to market it. We plan to generate revenue from its sales by the third
quarter of fiscal year 2017.  

Table of Contents   

Hemp-infused
Natural Spring Water   

  Adding
hemp-infused natural spring water to our beverage line is in pre-development stage. The Company is currently negotiating an agreement
for access to natural spring water. If successful, the Company plans to bottle the water, market and sell it in the first quarter
of fiscal year 2017. Revenue generation should commence in the same quarter.  

Regulatory
Requirements    

We are subject
to numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to:  

The production of
    beverages and other related products   

The preparation and
    sale of beverages   

Environmental protection   

Interstate commerce
    and taxation laws   

Working and safety
    conditions, minimum wage and other labor requirements   

Since
our hemp-based products are derived from industrial hemp and are THC free, they are not subject to the Controlled Substances Act.
The express language of the federal Controlled Substances Act ( CSA ) provides that hemp stalk, fiber, oil and sterilized
seed are not controlled as marijuana. Thus products containing industrial hemp   defined as the  cannabis sativa  plant
containing a tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) level of 0.3% or less - have been sold legally in every state in the U.S.
for decades. In 2004, the U.S. Court of Appeals invalidated U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) regulations
that would have banned the manufacture and sale of edible products made from hemp seed and oil.  Hemp Industries Ass n
v .  Drug Enforcement Administration,  357 F.2d 1012 (9 th  Cir. 2004). For this reason, U.S. companies may import
hemp stalk, fiber, seed and oil, to trade in it, and to use it in the manufacture of products. The Company purchases imported
hemp seed extract and uses it in the manufacture of its products. The Company does not have plans to grow marijuana, distribute
marijuana or infuse our beverages with marijuana, as defined in the Controlled Substance Act.  

Our
beverage products are not subject to direct FDA approval as the FDA does not perform review testing or approval of food, beverages
or dietary supplements. The FDA requires that we manufacture our products in commercial manufacturing facilities that are annually
audited to ensure that they pass inspection based on Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) for food safety.  

Possession
of hemp in the United States is legal, including possession of the sterilized seed, hemp seed oil, hemp seed flour, hemp seed
cake, hulled hemp seeds, hemp clothing, hemp fabrics, hemp fuel or any other product made from industrial hemp. Because the industrial
hemp plant is the same species as marijuana, until recently, it has been illegal for U.S. farmers to grow the plant itself. However,
in the federal Agricultural Act of 2014, Congress specifically exempted from the CSA cultivation of industrial hemp under agricultural
pilot programs authorized by state law.  

More
recently, the Consolidated Appropriations Act for FY 2016 (the  Omnibus Law ) clarified that during the current fiscal
year - that ends on September 30, 2016 -- no agency can expand any monies that were authorized by federal law to interfere with
duly registered agricultural pilot programs. The Omnibus Law also clarifies that this prohibition on federal interference extends
pursuant to the 2014 Farm Bill.  

Sales
Channels    

The Company
depends upon a network of brokers and distributors to represent its product in the market. During its first year of operation,
the Company signed twenty four distributors across the country. For the year ending June 30, 2016, the Company s two largest
distributors accounted for 28% and 26% of sales, respectively. The Company is currently evaluating the performance of its brokers
and distributors and restructuring its agreements and methods of distribution to support our future growth.  

Table of Contents   

The
various distribution channels differ in costs, customer relationships, complexity and the resources required to operate the channel.
We strategically build sales distribution channels to match and reinforce the goals and objectives of our marketing plan. To increase
competitiveness and sales, we have a specific sales strategy in order to maximize revenues that includes the following:  

Direct
Selling   

  We
utilize direct sales to retailers which eliminates the delays and additional expense of a standard distribution channel. In this
way we are better able to preserve more revenue, and protect capital under the control of the company. Direct selling to certain
segments supports our marketing plan that has identified, researched and segmented certain final customers.  

Historically,
our only outlet for direct selling has been two different online sales platforms and has accounted for approximately 7% of our
sales.  

Wholesale   

  Another
sales channel includes wholesale distribution. This choice is designed for our potential customers who are widely dispersed. Wholesale
distribution leaves the selling to wholesalers and retailers specialized in retail sales, which enables us to focus on manufacturing
needs.  

Beverage
Broker   

  Our
beverage brokers develop local, regional, and national product campaigns with attention to long-term sustainable success. They
assist in matching brands with the needs of an evolving market. Scheduling appointments, making presentations, securing product
approval, and shelf resets, have added greatly to the time line from ship to shelf, making the role of the beverage broker all
the more important. Beverage brokers represent a cost-efficient method of doing business for our drink brands. A commission-based
beverage broker is a variable cost directly tied to the volume sold.  

We
have recently entered into an agreement with Function Beverage LLC, which is included as an Exhibit to this filing. In Exhibit
A of the agreement, Function Brands has identified a number of national chains to whom they will represent our product.  

Historically,
sales under this sales channel have been zero. Since the Company recently entered into an agreement with Function Beverage, we
anticipate that this will become a significant sales channel for our products.  

Beverage
Broker/Distributor   

  The
broker/distributor relationship adds credibility for new brands entering the market. Sales efforts consist of procuring new channels
of distribution and distributor support. Beverage brokers/distributors provide a service to both RMHB and customers by selling
to chain wholesalers, independent wholesalers, and retail stores. Beverage brokers and distributors often provide avenues to significantly
decrease overhead costs. Wholesalers and retailers also benefit by working with one broker/distributor rather than with many manufacturers'
representatives. Historically, 85% of our sales fall into this category.  

Table of Contents   

The Packaged
Food and Beverage Market    

Our hemp-infused
products (both non-alcoholic and alcoholic) are targeted toward health conscious lifestyle persons 16 to 34 years of age.  

Methods   Competitive
Position   Advantages   Disadvantages    

The
Company competes with start-ups and middle market CPG manufacturers and distributions that specialize in brand development. RMHB
also competes with established brands and large multi-national firms that manage established brand portfolios. Consumer packaged
goods (CPG) are a type of goods consumed that need to be replaced frequently, compared to those that are usable for extended periods
of time.  

While
there is certainly a lot of competition in the beverage industry, there are also great opportunities. The beverage market also
includes hemp-infused energy drinks, teas, lemonades, and wine based cocktails.  

Advantages:   

We are
achieving our competitive advantage by concentrating on two major objectives: Establish the corporate brand, and engage target
audiences by building a consumer brand for loyalty and awareness.  

To establish
Rocky Mountain High Brands as an industry leader, the corporate logo was redesigned to align itself with product identity that
focuses on the overall company message. Rocky Mountain High Brands will engage brand identity by focusing on the following:  

Differentiation    

Differentiation
is a strategy used to set ourselves apart from competitors. One of our best marketable attributes is our Rocky Mountain High
name. It differentiates us from other beverage drinks by developing brand recognition and loyalty. Our drinks provide an alternative
to competitor s drinks. Our can design helps the brand stand out on the shelf. Our eye-catching drink designs communicates
the brand's attributes.  

Cost Leadership   

We achieve
cost leadership as an advantage when we offer a better quality product than our competitors at a lower price. We identify opportunities
to produce goods at a lower cost through the production improvements and by changes to our supply chain.  

Defensive
Strategies   

Broker/distributor/wholesale
relationships allow us to maintain higher levels of customer service than larger beverage companies, provide direct knowledge
of our customers, and help us to provide our customers a more personalized consumer experience.  

Disadvantages:   

Buying Power    

Large
beverage companies typically can negotiate favorable costs with suppliers because of their volume, therefore we strategically
plan opportunities to leverage our budget dollars.  

Budgets    

The
most glaring disadvantage is a limited budget. We would like to have more money to spend on advertising and promotion, hiring
experienced consumer products sales professionals, training, marketing and product development. Competing for target market attention
against larger competitors that invest millions or billions is difficult. These companies can invest significant resources to
maintain their positions in the market, and their drinks are well integrated into their consumer branding. We plan to position
our brand to take significant market share with strategic marketing, and consistent branding that maximizes brand exposure and
awareness to the consumer.  

Table of Contents   

Future
Goals    

The hemp-infused
beverages are fully developed and in the marketplace today. Hemp Energy Bars, Hemp Protein Bars, and Hemp Chia Crisp Bars are
developed and ready for production. Hemp Energy Shots are developed and ready for production. Hemp-infused alcoholic beverages
and CBD products are in varying stages of research and development.  

Employees
and Independent Contractors    

Periodically,
the Company may hire independent contractors to support finance, accounting, and operations functions. In addition to the officers
of the Company there are currently five non-officer employees. The Company has a total of ten employees, consisting of five officers
and five non-officer employees.  

Implications
of Emerging Growth Company Status    

As a company
with less than $1 billion in revenue in our last fiscal year, we are defined as an  emerging growth company  under
the Jumpstart Our Business Startups ( JOBS ) Act.  We will retain  emerging growth company 
status until the earliest of:  

The
                                         last day of the fiscal year during which our annual revenues are equal to or exceed $1
                                         billion;    

The
                                         last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our first sale of common
                                         stock pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as
                                         amended, which we refer to in this document as the Securities Act;    

The
                                         date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in nonconvertible debt in a previous
                                         three-year period; or    

The
                                         date on which we qualify as a large accelerated filer under Rule 12b-2 adopted under
                                         the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) (i.e.,
                                         an issuer with a public float of $700 million that has been filing reports with the U.S.
                                         Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) under the Exchange Act for at
                                         least 12 months).                                                                               
            As
                                         an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and
                                         other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to SEC reporting companies.  For
                                         so long as we remain an emerging growth company we will not be required to:   

Have
                                         an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section
                                         404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2002;    

Comply
                                         with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
                                         regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report
                                         providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e.,
                                         an auditor discussion and analysis);    

Submit
                                         certain executive compensation matters to stockholder non-binding advisory votes;    

Submit
                                         for stockholder approval golden parachute payments not previously approved;    

Disclose
                                         certain executive compensation related items, as we will be subject to the scaled disclosure
                                         requirements of a smaller reporting company with respect to executive compensation disclosure;
                                         and    

Present
                                         more than two years of audited financial statements and two years of selected financial
                                         data in a registration statement for our initial public offering of our securities.    

Table of Contents   

Pursuant to
Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards under Section 102(b)(2) of The JOBS Act.  This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised
accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private
companies.  As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company
effective dates.  Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt into the extended transition period
for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable.  

Because the
worldwide market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates, or public float, is below $75 million, we are also a  smaller
reporting company  as defined under the Exchange Act.  Some of the foregoing reduced disclosure and other requirements
are also available to us because we are a smaller reporting company and may continue to be available to us even after we are no
longer an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act but remain a smaller reporting company under the Exchange Act.  As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to:  

Have an auditor report
    on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and   

Present more than
    two years of audited financial statements in our registration statements and annual reports on Form 10-K and present any selected
    financial data in such registration statements and annual reports.   

Item
1A. Risk Factors.    

  Smaller reporting
companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. Please see our Registration Statement on Form 10/A
filed September 29, 2016 to review our current risk factors.  

Item
2. Properties    

  At present,
we do not own any real property.  As of June 30, 2016, we leased approximately 4,000 square feet of office space at
9101 LBJ Freeway, Suite 200, Dallas, TX 75243. Our premises were leased for a monthly cost of $6,020. On May 11, 2016, we executed
a new lease for the existing space and 2,172 square feet of additional space at the same address for a three-year term beginning
July 1, 2016 and terminating on June 30, 2019. Due to the landlord s inability to make the additional space ready for us
as of July 1, we were not able to commence the new lease until September 2016. The lease that was due to expire on June 30 was
extended on a month-to-month basis until September. Lease payments under the lease are as follows:  

In connection
with the new lease, we also purchased used office furniture from the landlord and financed this purchase with a note payable in
the amount of $40,121.54 with an interest rate of 0% and monthly payments of $1,114.49 over thirty six monthly installments..  

The Company
leases the following warehouse space on a month to month basis:  

DFW Distribution, Dallas and Mesquite,
    Texas   we currently lease warehouse space for RMHB beverages on a month-to-month basis at two separate locations in
    the Dallas area from DFW Distribution for a total of 12,000 square feet. The monthly cost is approximately $7,000 per month.   

WaterEvent, Carrollton, Texas   we
    currently lease approximately 1,200 square feet for both RMHB beverages and Smarterita inventory for approximately $1,400
    per month. Since Smarterita has alcoholic content, we are required to store it at an FDA approved facility.   

The Company
is currently evaluating its growth requirements and researching alternatives to lower its recurring expenses for warehouse space.  

Table of Contents   

Item
3. Legal Proceedings    

  193rd Judicial
District Court of Dallas County Texas. Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. (RMHB) FKA Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc. V Rodney Peterson
(Peterson) and Rocky Mountain High Canada, Inc. (RMHC), Case #DC-16-01416; Date Filed: February 4, 2016.  

Parties
entered into a written agreement for the manufacture and supply of products produced under the Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc.
brand. The terms of the agreement are RMHB would manufacture and supply one million cans of our product FOB Memphis, Tennessee
to Peterson, upon receipt of $650,000 from Peterson to RMHB to pay for the manufacture of the cans. Peterson paid $500,000 toward
the $650,000 manufacture. Peterson defaulted under the terms of the agreement by failing to pay the remaining $150,000. RMHB tendered
default notice, but Peterson failed to cure the default. RMHB terminated the agreement in accordance with its terms. RMHB seeks
declaratory judgment that it is entitled to its profits as damages in the amount in excess of $500,000.  

  Peterson
and RMHC have answered the lawsuit and discovery on the matter is being initiated by all parties.  

44th Judicial
District Court of Dallas County Texas. Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. (RMHB) FKA Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc. V Donna Rayburn (Rayburn),
Case #DC-16-02131; Date Filed: February 23, 2016.  

RMHB
and Rayburn entered into a convertible promissory note dated February 2, 2015 for the original principal amount of $165,000 (with
a $5,000 original issue discount). On August 29. 2015, RMHB paid to Rayburn $197,773.95, representing return of principal and
interested earned during the life of the loan. On February 19, 2016, Rayburn issued an additional demand of interest and penalties
totaling $99,487.92. Rayburn has charged $137,261.87 in interest and penalties on a $160,000 loan for one year and 17 days for
an effective annual interest rate of 85.77%. As additional consideration for the note, RMHB was required to issue a warrant to
Rayburn for 10,000,000 of common stock.  

Ms.
Rayburn is the daughter of Roy J. Meadows ( Meadows ), and resides in his residence and is under his employ.  

RMHB
sued Rayburn for violation of Florida Usury Laws. RMHB seeks a cancellation of the note and additional monetary recovery in the
total amount paid to Rayburn, plus additional recovery for all usurious interest charged. RMHB also seeks to void the warrant
for 10,000,000 shares of common stock, which was issued under a voidable note. The amount which RMHB seeks from Rayburn is in
excess of $300,000. This case was non suited and will be filed as a counterclaim in the Rayburn suit in Seminole County, Florida.  

On
March 14, 2016, RMHB amended the Rayburn suit to add Meadows as a party Defendant. RMHB has asserted usury claims in connection
with $1,500,000 demand convertible note referenced below in the section pertaining to the Meadows Arbitration Claim. RMHB seeks
unspecified monetary damages in connection with the Meadows Note, and further seeks cancellation of a warrant for 41,454,851 shares
of common stock issued to Meadows in connection with the Meadows Note and cancellation of the Meadows Note.  

Because
of the pending litigation in Florida relating to Roy Meadows, which deals with the same issues as the instant suit, RMHB entered
a non suited without prejudice as to Roy Meadows.  

On
July 28, 2016, Donna Rayburn removed this case to the United States District Court For The Northern District of Texas, Dallas
Division, Civil Action No. 3:CV-2193. Rayburn is challenging the jurisdiction of Texas Courts in this suit. The State court case
is closed as a result of the Removal Action.  

On
April 4, 2016, RMHB engaged the law firm of Allred Wilcox   Hartley PLLC to act as counsel in pursuing these claims.   

Table of Contents   

Arbitration
Claim of Roy J. Meadows Against Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. (RMHB) dated February 24, 2016.  

Meadows
claims a breach of an exchange agreement dated November 3, 2015. RMHB has denied the breach. Meadows has demanded that RMHB remove
him as a Control Person under RMHB s OTC Markets Disclosure Statement as of December 31, 2015 filed on January 29, 2016.
Meadows has rejected the interest payment under the exchange agreement dated January 30, 2016. He has not given an explanation
of his rejection. Meadows also demands the exchange of the Series C Preferred back to the original $1,500,000 convertible note.
RMHB will not comply with this request without a Court Order to do so.  

Meadows
has initiated arbitration claiming notice of an Arbitration Claim against RMHB. RMHB has objected to this claim, as well as to
the arbitration process itself. Meadows seeks damages of $2,947,093.99. He has further demanded that RMHB comply with an Agreement
dated November 16, 2015 which is a part of the litigation described in the disclosure above. This agreement, which was a requirement
of Meadows to execute the Exchange Agreement, requires the Company to issue warrants for common stock of 110,760,000 for not redeeming
the Series C Preferred Shares by March 24, 2016.  

  On
April 4, 2016, RMHB engaged the law firm of Allred Wilcox   Hartley PLLC to act as counsel in defending these claims.  

As a result
of the arbitration, RMHB filed suit in Florida,  Eighteenth Judicial Circuit Court of Seminole County, Florida, Rocky Mountain
High Brands, Inc. v. Roy Meadows, David Meadows et al, Case No. 2016-CA-000958-15-W.   

The Company
filed suit for an injunction against continuation of the Meadows Arbitration. The Meadows Arbitration hearing currently has no
date for commencement of the Arbitration hearing. Shortly after the suspension of the Arbitration hearing, on April 20, 2016,
false, malicious, and defamatory allegations were asserted by the Shareholder Alert inappropriately released by the Law Office
of A.A. McClanahan, Meadow s attorney.  

The Company
has filed in the Seminole Suit a Motion for Leave To Amend its current suit to add claims against Meadows for usury, cancellation
of warrants and defamation as a result of the Shareholder Alert press release.  

The Company
is investigating facts surrounding Meadows and others and may amend its Florida lawsuit to seek more than $20 Million in damages
and disgorgement of Meadows and Rayburn profits on questionable trading activities.  

The Amended
Suit will deal with the following:  

RMHB
has asserted usury claims in connection with $1,500,000 demand convertible note referenced below in the section pertaining to
the Meadows Arbitration Claim. RMHB seeks unspecified monetary damages in connection with the Meadows Note, and further seeks
cancellation of a warrant for 41,454,851 share shares of common stock issued to Meadows in connection with the Meadows Note and
cancellation of the Meadows Note. RMHB also seeks additional monetary damages from Meadows for his violations of SEC and other
applicable securities laws relating to the loss of value to both RMHB s shareholders and to RMHB as a business entity. RMHB
will vigorously contest all claims of Meadows and aggressively seek monetary damages against Meadows.  

During
the six months ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued 68,220,350 shares of common stock for the conversion of $104,220 of
convertible debt to Roy Meadows and Trinexus, Inc. (a corporation formed and controlled by Mr. Meadows to which he sold a portion
of his convertible debt) prior to executing the exchange agreement to Series C preferred stock. These issuances gave Mr. Meadows
in excess of 10% of the outstanding common stock, making him a Control Person.  

RMHB
believes that as a result of Meadows  actions in this suit, the Arbitration is effectively waived and that the Court in
Seminole County, Florida will resolve this matter.  

Meadows
has filed a counter claim in this suit for the damages he asserted in the arbitration claim. He has also filed for relief under
elderly laws of Florida.  

101 st
 Judicial District Court of Dallas County Texas, filed February 2016, DC-16-01220. Fanco Global Acquisitions, LLC v. Rocky
Mountain High Brands, Inc. Suit for alleged commissions. Plaintiff seeks approximately $30,000.00 in damages, an unspecified amount
in fraud damages, attorney s fees and costs of court. RMHB will vigorously oppose the claims.  

District
Court, Douglas County, Colorado. 2015CV 30672. Filed June 26, 2015. Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc. and Jerry Grisaffi v. Cannalife USA,
Ltd and Mark Spoone. RMHB and Grisaffi filed suit against the Defendants on claims for libel and business disparagement. . This
suit was settled in July, 2016, with no party having any liability to the others.  

  Our
agent for service of process in Nevada is Joe Laxague, Esq., 1 East Liberty, Suite 600, Reno, NV 89501  

Table of Contents   

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures    

  Not applicable.  

    PART
II    

     Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    

   Market
Information    

  Our common stock is quoted on the
Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group quotation system ( www.otcmarkets.com ) under the trading ticker  RMHB.   The
following tables set forth the range of high and low prices for our common stock for the two most recent fiscal years, as reported
on the OTC Market Group s quotation system. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.  

On September 28,
2016, the last sales price per share of our common stock was $0.03  

   Penny
Stock    

  The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are
generally equity securities with a market price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities
exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such
securities is provided by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny
stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature
and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of
the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation
of such duties or other requirements of the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market,
including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a
toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or
in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type
size and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation.  

  The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares
to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for
such stock; and (d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account.  

  In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the
broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive
the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving
penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement.  

Table of Contents   

These disclosure requirements
may have the effect of reducing the trading activity for our common stock. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling
our securities. 

   Holders
of Our Common Stock    

  As of September 28, 2016, there were
approximately 223 holders of record of our common stock.  

Dividends

There
are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes,
however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend:  

  1. we would not be able
to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or;  

  2. our total assets would
be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have
preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution.  

We
have not declared any dividends and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future.  

   Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans   

To date, we have not adopted a stock
option plan or other equity compensation plan and have not issued any stock, options, or other securities as compensation.  

Item
6. Selected Financial Data    

  A
smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this Item.  

     Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

   Forward Looking Statements   

This document
contains certain forward- looking statements as defined by federal securities laws.  For this purpose, forward- looking
statements are any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact and include, but are not limited to,
those preceded by or that include the words,  estimate ,  could ,  should ,  would ,
 likely ,  may ,  will ,  plan ,  intend ,  believes ,
 expects ,  anticipates ,  projected , or similar expressions.  Those statements
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those contemplated by such statements.  The forward looking information is based on various factors and was derived
using numerous assumptions.  For these statements, we claim the protection of the  bespeaks caution  doctrine.
Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:  

Statements regarding our anticipated financial
    and operating results, including increases in and anticipated sources of revenues;   

Predictions regarding the outcome of pending
    legal proceedings and the impact on us of pending legal proceedings;   
 
    Statements regarding anticipated
changes in expenses;  

Statements regarding our goals, intensions,
    plans and expectations, including selling and marketing plans generally, the introduction of new products, and markets and
    locations we intend to target in the future;   
 
    Statement regarding expanded
business opportunities in FY 2017;  

    Our expectation that we will
sell securities on our balance sheet;  

    Our expectation regarding
repayment of loans;  

    Expected uses of cash in FY2017;
and  

    Statements with respect to
having adequate liquidity   

Table of Contents   

The following
factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed
in the forward-looking statements:  

Negative changes in public sentiment towards acceptance of the use of hemp-infused drinks and other products  

      Other
regulatory developments that could limit the market for our products;  

      Our
ability to successfully integrate acquired entities  

Competitive developments, including the possibility of new entrants into our primary market;  

      The
loss of key personnel; and  

      Other
risks discussed in this document.  

Overview   

The Company
generates revenue from finished product sales to distributors (resellers). The wholesale market for the Company s products
includes all retailers in the C-Store, Mass, and Grocery channels as well as a number of specialty retail niche markets including
 smoke shops  and novelty stores. Additionally, the Company has an online retail presence on Amazon.com through an
agreement with an Amazon selling specialist.  

Results of Operations   

Year Ended June 30, 2016 Compared
to Year Ended June 30, 2015    

Financial Summary    

The Company s
net income for the year ended June 30, 2016 was $2,325,726 compared to a net loss of ($16,624,202) for the year ended June 30,
2015. The Company was reorganized in July of 2014, under bankruptcy according to Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.
The Statement of Operations for June 30, 2015 is presented in compliance with ACS 852.  

Our sales for
the year ended June 30, 2016, were $1,075,476 versus $489,849 for the year ended June 30, 2015. The sales increase was driven
by distributor and online sales beginning late in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015, which increased in 2016.  

Sales    

For the year
ended June 30, 2016, sales were $1,075,476 compared to $489,849 for the year ended June 30, 2015, an increase of $585,627 or 120%.
The increase was driven by the launch of four beverage SKUs in March 2015, which resulted in a full year of sales for 2016 as
compared to only 4 months for 2015, and the addition of a fifth SKU in November 2015. The Company also added several distributors
in 2016. In 2016, sales consisted of 93% distributor sales and 7% online sales compared to 2015 when 72% of sales was to distributors
and 28% of sales was online.  

Cost of
Sales    

For the year
ended June 30, 2016, cost of sales was $1,134,636 or 105% of sales, versus $212,458 or 43% of sales for the year ended June 30,
2015. Cost of sales increased in 2016 due to inventory obsolescence write-downs and increased sales. Inventory obsolescence write-downs
in 2016 were $725,718 compared to $0 in 2015. The factors impacting inventory obsolescence were (1) two changes in can design
during 2016, that rendered the previous designs less marketable to customers, (2) management s decision to move the brand
to a 16 ounce can to broaden its market appeal and lower production costs and (3) prior management s decision to date code
all production runs prior to May 2016 with a shorter than necessary one-year shelf-life when a two-year shelf-life was applicable.
Cost of sales in 2016 before the write-downs was $408,918 or 38% of sales.  

Reorganization Items   Income
(Expense)   

For the year
ended June 30, 2015, the Company recorded a Net Settlement of Disputed Consulting Fees of $127,200 and Net Settlement of Officers
and Directors Claims of $21,662. There were no reorganization expenses in 2016.  

Operating
Expenses   

Operating expenses
consist of all other costs incurred during the year other than cost of sales as discussed above.  Our operating expenses
decreased $868,254 or 20% to $3,483,412 versus operating expenses of $4,351,666 for the year ended June 30, 2015. Areas in which
we experienced material changes in operating expenses are discussed below.  

Table of Contents   

General and
Administrative   

For the year
ended June 30, 2016, general and administrative expenses decreased $445,179 or 17% to $2,142,984 compared to $2,588,163 for the
year ended June 30, 2015. This decrease was driven by a reduction in consulting fees and officer salaries, partially offset by
increases in other employee-related expenses and audit and accounting fees.  

Advertising
and Marketing   

For the year
ended June 30, 2016, advertising and marketing expenses increased $601,283 or 81% to $1,340,428 compared to $739,145 for the year
ended June 30, 2015. The increase in 2016 was driven by an increase in samples provided to prospective customers, salaries for
sales employees, and the design, artwork and production of advertising and displays.  

Impairment
Expense   

For the years
ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded impairment expenses of $166,000 and $1,024,358, respectively. In 2016 the Company
recorded a 100% impairment of its investment in Dollar Shots Club as the Company determined it was not likely to recover its $166,000
investment. The Dollar Shots Club investment is carried on the cost basis. In 2015, the Company recorded goodwill impairment of
$1,024,358 consisting of a write-down of the Smarterita acquisition.  

Other (Income)
Expenses   

Interest
Expense   

For the year
ended June 30, 2016, interest expense decreased $886,789 or 81% to $203,496, compared to $1,090,285 for the year ended June 30,
2015. During 2016, several high-interest convertible notes were converted to common and Preferred C stock.  

Debt Inducement
Expense   

For the year
ended June 30, 2016, debt inducement expense was $3,887,618. In order to induce the holder of certain convertible debt to convert
his note, he was issued warrants to purchase 41,454,851 shares of common stock at a reduced exercise price. The value of this
inducement was $3,887,618. There was no inducement expense in 2015.  

Loss on Extinguishment
of Debt   

For the year
ended June 30, 2016, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $945,838 related to the Company s conversion
of convertible debt with a bifurcated conversion feature.There was no gain or loss on extinguishment of debt in 2015.  

Gain on the
Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liability   

For the year
ended June 30, 2016, the Company recorded a gain on the change in fair value of the derivative liability of $11,071,250 compared
to a loss of $11,608,504 for the year ended June 30, 2015. Because the price of the underlying derivative, the Company s
common stock, decreased during 2016 the calculation in fair value of the derivative liability resulted in a gain. In 2015, the
Company stock price increased, which created an increase in the liability and a related loss.  

Income
Taxes    

For the years
ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, no income tax provision was recorded.  

Year
Ended June 30, 2016 Compared to Year Ended June 30, 2015   

Table of Contents   

Cash
flows from operating activities    

Net
cash used in operating activities during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was ($1,779,167) and ($1,385,001), respectively.
The change was principally driven by the loss on the change in the fair value of the derivative liability in 2016 compared to
a gain in 2015. This drove the change from a net loss of ($16,624,202) in 2015 to net income of $2,325,726 in 2016. Other significant
changes in cash from operating activities were the result of an increase in inventory of $260,625 in 2016 compared to an increase
of $716,329 in 2015, an increase in accounts payable of $144,853 in 2016 compared to a decrease in 2015 and an increase in deferred
revenue in 2016 of $470,058 compared to $29,952 in 2015.  

Cash
flows from investing activities    

Net
cash used in investing activities during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was ($119,042) and ($14,687), respectively. The
change is primarily due to the acquisition of several delivery vehicles in 2016 compared to one in 2015.  

Cash
flows from financing activities    

Net
cash provided by financing activities during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,904,728 and $1,495,060, respectively.
In 2016, proceeds of $1,282,406 were from the issuance of common stock compared to $244,316 in 2015. In 2016, proceeds from related
party convertible notes payable were $318,322 compared to $0 in 2015. Proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes decreased
to $500,000 in 2016 compared to $1,250,744 in 2015.  

Material
Indebtedness    

Recently, our
operations have been funded primarily through the issuance of convertible promissory notes, which are convertible to common stock
at fixed prices ranging from $0.001 to $0.04, at discounts to market price ranging from 50% to 80%, or combinations thereof. Our
ability to successfully execute our business plan is contingent upon us obtaining additional financing and/or upon realizing sales
revenue sufficient to fund our ongoing expenses. Until we are able to sustain our ongoing operations through sales revenue, we
intend to fund operations through debt and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund our capital expenditures,
working capital, or other cash requirements. We do not have any formal commitments or arrangements for the sales of stock or the
advancement or loan of funds at this time. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on
acceptable terms, or at all.  

During
2011 and 2012, the Company entered into a series of convertible notes with six lenders aggregating $110,000. These were one-year
terms notes at 12% interest and convertible to Common Stock at a conversion price of $.05 per share. As a part of the Bankruptcy
Reorganization Plan confirmed in July 2014, the accrued interest on these notes was forgiven and the notes became zero interest
bearing notes. During year ended June 30, 2016, $40,000 of these notes were converted into 24,000,000 shares of common stock.
As of June 30, 2016, the principal balance on these notes was $70,000.  

In
2012, the Company entered into a $40,000 Convertible Note Payable with an individual. The notes matured one-year from the date
of issuance, bear interest at 12% per annum, and is convertible into shares of Common Stock at $.001. In 2015, the lender sold
and re-assigned $17,500 of this note. The new note holders converted the $17,500 of principal into 17,500,000 shares of Common
Stock. As of June 30, 2016, 2016 the principal balance on these notes was $22,500.  

On
March 25, 2015, the Company entered into an amended and restated convertible promissory note with Roy Meadows, which amended two
previously issued notes dated February 5, 2013 and July 17, 2014. According to the terms of the note, the Company may borrow up
to an aggregate of $1,500,000. The note bears interest at 12% per annum, and the holder may demand repayment of any portion of
the note after one year from the effective date of the note. The note is convertible in whole or in part at a conversion price
per share equal to the lesser of $.001 per share, or at an 80% discount to the average of the five lowest bid prices during the
thirty trading days prior to the date of the conversion notice. Mr. Meadows is limited in his conversions whereby he may not at
any time own more than 9.99% of the Company s outstanding common stock. Mr. Meadows may, at his option, file a UCC-1 financing
statement against all assets of the Company and have a guarantee and security agreement with the principal controlling for majority
shareholders of the Company. On November 16, 2015, the debtholder converted $1,107,606 of principal and accrued interest into
1,107,607 shares of Preferred C Shares of the Company. Each Series C Preferred Share can be converted to 50 Shares of Common Stock.  

In
connection with the conversion, and as an inducement for the debtholder to convert, the Company issued him warrants to purchase
41,454,851 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price per share of the lesser of $.005 or an eighty percent
discount to the average of the five lowest bid prices during the 30 trading days prior to the date of exercise. The warrant may
be exercised, in whole or in part, beginning on the date which is the earlier of six months from the Company becoming a Reporting
Company (as defined in the warrant) or one year from the date of issuance. The warrant is for a period of 3 years, and contains
customary anti-dilution provisions.  

Table of Contents   

On
October 5, 2014, the Company entered into a convertible note with an individual for $12,500. The note matured on October 5, 2015,
bears interest at 8% per annum, and contains a conversion feature at a conversion price of $0.001 per share. On February 2, 2106,
the noteholder sold the convertible note to three separate third parties who converted the notes for a total of 12,500,000 shares
of Common Stock.  

On
February 2, 2015, the Company entered into a convertible note with an individual for $165,000 (with a $5,000 original issue discount).
The note matured on May 2, 2015, which was extended to August 2, 2015, bears interest at 12% per annum, and is convertible in
whole or in part at a conversion price per share equal to the lesser of $.001 per share, or at an 80% discount to the average
of the five lowest bid prices during the thirty trading days prior to the date of the conversion notice. The holder is limited
in his conversions, whereby, he may not at any time own more than 9.99% of the Company s outstanding Common Stock. In August
2015, the Company repaid the note plus accrued interest.  

On
March 20 and March 23, 2015, the Company entered into separate Convertible note with an individual for $25,000 each. The notes
mature one-year from the date of issuance, bear interest at a rate of 7% per annum, and contained a conversion feature at 50%
of the average bid price for Common Stock over a trailing 10-day period. The holders are limited in their conversions whereby
they may not at any time own more than 4.9% of the Company s outstanding common stock. On April 28, 2016, the individual
converted the note to 2,160,105 of Common Shares. See Note 11.  

On
March 23, 2015, the Company entered into a convertible note with an individual for $12,500. The note matured one-year from the
date of issuance, bears interest at a rate of 18% per annum, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock
at a conversion price of $.04 per share. The note was repaid to the individual on March 22, 2016.  

In
October 2015, the Company entered into a $500,000 note payable at 12% simple interest for a one year period with Roy Meadows.
The note is convertible upon maturity if not paid by the company prior thereto at $0.02 per share and a 25,000,000 share maximum.
There is an option to renew with a fee of 10% principle and accrued interest.  

In
April 2016, a debtholder converted his $50,000 note payable, plus accrued interest of $4,003, into 2,160,000 shares of common
stock.  

The
Company has determined that the conversion feature embedded in the notes referred to above, that contain a potential variable
conversion amount, constitutes a derivative which has been bifurcated from the note and recorded as a derivative liability, with
a corresponding discount recorded to the associated debt. The excess of the derivative value over the face amount of the note
is recorded immediately to interest expense at inception. The above notes are presented net of a discount of $0 and $53,013 on
June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, respectively, on the accompanying balance sheet.  

Future
Liquidity Requirements    

The
anticipated operational shortfall for the next twelve months is $1,200,000. For the two year period beyond the next twelve months,
we anticipate securing a revolving business line of credit to finance inventory production and accounts receivable. We anticipate
the line of credit needs to be between $2,000,000 and $5,000,000. This allows flexibility needed to meet short term funding needs.  

We
have recently entered into a non-exclusive agreement for institutional financing services with Carter, Terry   Company. Our
goal is to work with them and our private sources of capital to raise capital to finance inventory production, increase advertising
and promotion budgets, develop new products and cover any shortfall from continuing operations.  

We
anticipate that initial funds raised will be through debt financing with additional capital raised through the sale of restricted
securities through an offering memorandum, the structure of which has yet to be determined.  

Table of Contents   

Plans
for Meeting Debt Obligations and Reaching Profitability    

Going
forward, the Company intends to fund its operations and meet its debt obligations through:  

Generating revenue
    through our sales and marketing efforts in our day-to-day operations.   

Raising funds through
    the sale of Series D preferred stock to accredited investors.   

Selling common stock
    directly to accredited investors.   

Filing our Form 10
    filing to the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC). The Company believes that, as a result of becoming a reporting company,
    it will have better access to funds through investment bankers and others that has not been previously available.   

We
project increased sale revenue in the new fiscal year starting July 1, 2016. Our brands are becoming positioned and differentiated
in the marketplace through various marketing techniques, such as advertising, public relations, name, and logo development that
ultimately will result in sustained revenue.  

We
expect that our sales, as well as our operating expenses, will continue to increase as we move forward with transitioning our
beverage products into new markets. As such, we will continue to explore new products to expand our brand and provide new revenue
streams.  

We
intend to retain our future earnings in order to reinvest in the development and growth of our business and, therefore, do not
intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.  

The
company going forward intends to achieve profitability by:  

1.   
       Expanding our distribution
    channels    

We
believe that expanding where we sell our products will significantly boost our sales and revenues without requiring any changes
to our marketing or pricing. We evaluate the effects of using online selling, wholesalers, retailers, distributors, and outside
sales reps to project how each method can affect our sales volumes, profit margins, and total profits.  

2.   
       Developing relationships    

Qualified
employees who promote our product or service will drive sales and revenues. Though our beverages have a distinct branding, we
generally have the same target customer as other beverage brands. We have built a following with a strong customer base.  

3.   
       Reviewing pricing
    strategies    

We
raise or lower our prices based on strategic goals. Lowering our prices can increase revenues to make up for lower margins. Raising
our prices can create a higher perceived value in the minds of consumers and increase our margins. Raising our prices can also
increase our revenues without increasing sales.  

4.   
       Diversifying our
    offerings    

As
a growing company we will be adding new products and services to create growth. We study our target customers and determine a
product s market profitably, and evaluate our product portfolio.  

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of June 30, 2016, there
were no off balance sheet arrangements  

Table of Contents   

Going Concern    

  We
have experienced recurring losses from operations and to date, we have not been able to produce sufficient sales to become cash
flow positive and profitable on a consistent basis. The success of our business plan during the next 12 months and beyond will
be contingent upon generating sufficient revenue to cover our costs of operations and/or upon obtaining additional financing.
For these reasons, our auditor has raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

   Critical Accounting
Policies    

  In
December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants list their most  critical accounting polices  in the Management
Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a  critical accounting policy  is one which is both important to the
portrayal of a company s financial condition and results, and requires management s most difficult, subjective or
complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.
We do not believe that the following accounting policies currently fit this definition:  

   Use of Estimates   

The preparation
of the financial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain of the Company s estimates could be affected by external
conditions, including those unique to its industry, and general economic conditions. It is possible that these external factors
could have an effect on the Company s estimates that could cause actual results to differ from its estimates. The Company
re-evaluates all of its accounting estimates at least quarterly based on these conditions and record adjustments when necessary.  

Cash    

The Company
considers all short-term highly liquid investments with an original maturity at the date of purchase of three months or less to
be cash equivalents.  

Revenue Recognition   

The Company
follows the guidance of the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition. 
It records revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, product delivery has occurred, the selling price to the
customer is fixed or determinable and collectability of the revenue is reasonably assured. The Company has not experienced any
significant returns from customers and accordingly, in management s opinion, no reserve for returns has been provided. Payments
received prior to shipment of goods are recorded as deferred revenue.  

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable   

The Company
has a policy of reserving for uncollectible accounts based on the best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our
existing accounts receivable. We extend credit to customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors.
The Company generally does not require collateral or other security to support accounts receivable and perform ongoing credit
evaluations of customers and maintain an allowance for potential bad debts if required.  

It is determined
whether an allowance for doubtful accounts is required by evaluating specific accounts where information indicates the customers
may have an inability to meet financial obligations. In these cases, we use assumptions and judgment, based on the best available
facts and circumstances, to record a specific allowance for those customers against amounts due to reduce the receivable to the
amount expected to be collected. These specific allowances are re-evaluated and adjusted as additional information is received.
The amounts calculated are analyzed to determine the total amount of the allowance. The Company may also record a general allowance
as necessary.  

Direct write-offs
are taken in the period when we have exhausted our efforts to collect overdue and unpaid receivables or otherwise evaluate other
circumstances that indicate the collectability of receivables.  

Inventories   

Inventories,
which consist of the Company s product held for resale, are stated at the lower of cost, determined using the first-in,
first-out, and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price, in the ordinary course of business,
less estimated costs to complete and dispose of the product.  

If the Company
identifies excess, obsolete or unsalable items, its inventories are written down to their realizable value in the period in which
the impairment is first identified. Shipping and handling costs incurred for inventory purchases and product shipments are recorded
in cost of sales in the Company's statements of operations.  

Table of Contents   

Fair Value
Measurements   

The Company
adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , which defines fair value as used
in numerous accounting pronouncements, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure of fair value measurements.  

The estimated
fair value of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued
expenses are carried at historical cost basis, which approximates their fair values because of the short-term nature of these
instruments. The carrying amounts of our short and long term credit obligations approximate fair value because the effective yields
on these obligations, which include contractual interest rates taken together with other features such as concurrent issuances
of warrants and/or embedded conversion options, are comparable to rates of returns for instruments of similar credit risk.  

ASC 820 defines
fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure
fair value:  

Level 1   quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities.  

  Level 2   quoted prices for similar assets and
liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable.  

  Level 3   inputs that are unobservable (for example
cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions).  

The derivative
liability in connection with the conversion feature of the convertible debt, classified as a Level 3 liability, is the only financial
liability measure at fair value on a recurring basis.  

The change in
the Level 3 financial instrument is as follows:  

The estimated
fair value of the derivative instruments was valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, using the following assumptions
as of June 30, 2016:  

Property
and Equipment   

Property and
equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided for on a straight-line basis over the useful
lives of the assets. Expenditures for additions and improvements are capitalized; repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets   

The Company
evaluates intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset
may not be recoverable. The Company assesses the recoverability of the assets based on the undiscounted future cash flow and recognizes
an impairment loss when the estimated undiscounted future cash flow expected to result from the use of the asset plus the net
proceeds expected from disposition of the asset, if any, are less than the carrying value of the asset. When the Company identifies
an impairment, it reduces the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flow approach
or, when available and appropriate, to comparable market values. During the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company recorded
impairment of $1,024,358 relating to goodwill recognized in the acquisition disclosed in Note 11. No impairment charges were recorded
during the year ended June 30, 2016.  

Share-Based
Payments   

Share-based
payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements
based on their fair values, in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. That expense is recognized over the period during which an
employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting
period). The Company had no common stock options or common stock equivalents granted or outstanding for all periods presented.  

Table of Contents   

The Company
issued restricted stock to consultants and employees for various services. Cost for these transactions are measured at the fair
value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.
The value of the common stock is to be measured at the earlier of (i) the date at which a firm commitment for performance by the
counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached or (ii) the date at which the counterparty's performance is complete.  

Convertible
Instruments   

The Company
evaluates and accounts for conversion options embedded in convertible instruments in accordance with ASC 815  Derivatives
and Hedging Activities . Applicable GAAP requires companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments
and account for them as freestanding derivative financial instruments according to certain criteria. The criteria include circumstances
in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related
to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded
derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under other GAAP with changes in fair value reported
in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be
considered a derivative instrument.  

Preferred
Stock   

We apply the
guidance enumerated in ASC 480  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity  when determining the classification and measurement
of preferred stock. Preferred shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are
measured at fair value. We classify conditionally redeemable preferred shares (if any), which includes preferred shares that feature
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events
not solely within our control, as temporary equity. At all other times, we classified our preferred shares in stockholders 
equity. Our preferred shares do not feature any redemption rights within the holders  control or conditional redemption
features not within our control. Accordingly all issuances of preferred stock are presented as a component of consolidated stockholders 
equity (deficit).  

Advertising   

Advertising
and marketing expenses are charged to operations as incurred.  

Income Taxes   

The Company
uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes. 
Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year
and (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s
financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the
enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available
positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

ASC Topic 740.10.30
clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and
penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Company has no material uncertain tax positions.  

Recently Issued
Accounting Pronouncements       

  In August 2014,
the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern  (Subtopic
205-40), (ASU No. 2014-15), which requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern
by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, ASU 2014-15
provides a definition of the term substantial doubt and requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the
financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). It also requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated
as a result of consideration of management s plans and requires an express statement and other disclosures when substantial
doubt is not alleviated. ASU No. 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning
after December 15, 2016, and early application is permitted.  

Table of Contents   

In May 2014,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers .
This guidance requires companies to recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
in amounts that reflect the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The
new standard also will result in enhanced disclosures about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows
arising from contracts with customers. The guidance is effective for public company fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017. The standard allows for either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective transition method. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this standard, including the transition method, on its consolidated results of operations, financial
position and cash flows.  

As noted above,
we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act.  This allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective
dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies.  As a result of our election,
our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates.  

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

  A smaller reporting
company is not required to provide the information required by this Item.  

     Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    

  Index to Financial
Statements Required by Article 8 of Regulation S-X:  

   Audited Financial Statements:

Table of Contents   

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    

To the Board
of Directors and Stockholders  

  Rocky Mountain
High Brands, Inc.  

We have audited
the accompanying balance sheets of Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc.(formerly known as Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc) as of June 30,
2016 and 2015 and the related statements of operations, shareholders  deficit and cash flows for the years ended June 30,
2016 and 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Rocky
Mountain High Brands, Inc.as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years then ended
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.  As disclosed in note 3 to the financial statements the
Company has a shareholders  deficit of $1,477,250, an accumulated deficit of $16,878,382 at June 30, 2016, and has generated
operating losses since inception. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.  

/S/  Paritz
  Company, P.A.    

Hackensack,
New Jersey  

  September 28,
2016  

Table of Contents     

Rocky
Mountain High Brands, Inc.   

   (Formerly
Known as Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc.)   

   Balance
Sheets   

The
Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of the Financial Statements.   

Table of Contents     

Rocky
Mountain High Brands, Inc.   

   (Formerly
Known as Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc.)   

   Statements
of Operations the Years Ended For June 30, 2016 and 2015    

The
Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of the Financial Statements.   

Table of Contents     

Rocky
Mountain High Brands, Inc.   

   (Formerly
Known as Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc.)   

   Statements
of Cash Flows For the Years Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015   

The
Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of the Financial Statements.   

Table of Contents     

Rocky
Mountain High Brands, Inc.   

   (Formerly
Known as Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc.)   

   Statements
of Shareholders  Deficit for the Years Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015   

The
Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of the Financial Statements.   

Table of Contents     

Rocky
Mountain High Brands, Inc.   

   (Formerly
Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc.)   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

   For
the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015   

NOTE
1 Business   

Rocky
Mountain High Brands, Inc. ( RMHB  or the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada.
On July 17, 2014, the Company changed its name from Republic of Texas Brands Incorporated to Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc and on October
23, 2015, the Company changed its name to Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc.  

RMHB
has developed and is currently selling in the marketplace a lineup of five hemp-infused beverages, hemp-infused 2oz. energy shots,
and hemp-infused relaxation brownies through its nationwide distributor network and online.  Effective June 30, 2016, the
Company entered into a business alliance with Poafbybitty Family, LLC to launch Eagle Spirit Spring Water, a line of purified,
high-alkaline spring water sourced from Native American tribal land in Oklahoma. The Company also plans to launch a hemp-infused
Energy Bar, Protein Bar and Chia Crisp Bar.  

On
December 16, 2013 the Company filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District
of Texas, Dallas Division, Case Number 13-36434-bjh-11. In early 2013, the Company sought to acquire a barbeque company and sought
to raise capital and entered into an agreement with Empire Capital LLC ( Empire ) to assist in the raising of capital
for the acquisition. By late 2013, the acquisition had fallen through due to the inability to obtain the needed financing. Empire
then sued the Company claiming it was owed approximately $200,000 for its services on behalf of the Company along with additional
damages. The Company disputed the claims, and filed the Chapter 11 bankruptcy to restructure its current indebtedness and to provide
a framework for moving forward. On May 22, 2014 the Company filed its Disclosure Statement and Plan of Reorganization, and on
July 2, 2014 a hearing was held and the Plan of Reorganization was confirmed by written order of the Bankruptcy Court dated July
11, 2014.  

In
the Plan of Reorganization, the Company s shareholders and controlling shareholder through the Series A Preferred Shares
were not diluted, thus control of the Company remained the same as before, during and after the confirmed Plan of Reorganization.
Therefore,  Fresh Start  Accounting described in ACS 852-10-45-19 did not apply to the Company.  

As
a result of the Confirmed Plan of Reorganization dated July 11, 2014, the following Reorganization Items were reported on the
Statements of Operations for the year ended June 30, 2015:  

Reorganization
Items   Income (Expense):  

Settlement
of Disputed Claims:  

Settlement
of Officers and Directors Claims:  

NOTE
2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain of the Company s estimates could be affected by external
conditions, including those unique to its industry, and general economic conditions. It is possible that these external factors
could have an effect on the Company s estimates that could cause actual results to differ from its estimates. The Company
re-evaluates all of its accounting estimates at least quarterly based on these conditions and record adjustments when necessary.  

Cash

The
Company considers all short-term highly liquid investments with an original maturity at the date of purchase of three months or
less to be cash equivalents.  

Table of Contents     

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company follows the guidance of the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition. 
It records revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, product delivery has occurred, the selling price to the
customer is fixed or determinable and collectability of the revenue is reasonably assured. The Company has not experienced any
significant returns from customers and accordingly, in management s opinion, no reserve for returns has been provided. Payments
received prior to shipment of goods are recorded as deferred revenue.  

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable   

The
Company has a policy of reserving for uncollectible accounts based on the best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
in our existing accounts receivable. We extend credit to customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other
factors. The Company generally does not require collateral or other security to support accounts receivable and perform ongoing
credit evaluations of customers and maintain an allowance for potential bad debts if required.  

It
is determined whether an allowance for doubtful accounts is required by evaluating specific accounts where information indicates
the customers may have an inability to meet financial obligations. In these cases, we use assumptions and judgment, based on the
best available facts and circumstances, to record a specific allowance for those customers against amounts due to reduce the receivable
to the amount expected to be collected. These specific allowances are re-evaluated and adjusted as additional information is received.
The amounts calculated are analyzed to determine the total amount of the allowance. The Company may also record a general allowance
as necessary.  

Direct
write-offs are taken in the period when we have exhausted our efforts to collect overdue and unpaid receivables or otherwise evaluate
other circumstances that indicate the collectability of receivables.  

Inventories   

Inventories,
which consist only of the Company s finished products held for resale, are stated at the lower of cost, determined using
the first-in, first-out, and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price, in the ordinary course
of business, less estimated costs to dispose of the product.  

If
the Company identifies excess, obsolete or unsalable items, its inventories are written down to their realizable value in the
period in which the impairment is first identified. Shipping and handling costs incurred for inventory purchases and product shipments
are recorded in cost of sales in the Company s statements of operations.  

Table of Contents     

Fair
Value Measurements   

The
Company adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , which defines fair value
as used in numerous accounting pronouncements, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure of fair
value measurements.  

The
estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable
and accrued expenses are carried at historical cost basis, which approximates their fair values because of the short-term nature
of these instruments. The carrying amounts of our short and long term credit obligations approximate fair value because the effective
yields on these obligations, which include contractual interest rates taken together with other features such as concurrent issuances
of warrants and/or embedded conversion options, are comparable to rates of returns for instruments of similar credit risk.  

ASC
820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price)
in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes three levels of inputs that may
be used to measure fair value:  

Level 1  
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

  Level 2  
quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable.  

  Level 3   inputs that are
unobservable (for example cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions).  

The
derivative liability in connection with the conversion feature of the convertible debt, classified as a Level 3 liability, is
the only financial liability measure at fair value on a recurring basis.  

The
change in the Level 3 financial instrument is as follows:  

Table of Contents     

The
estimated fair value of the derivative instruments were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, using the following
assumptions as of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015:  

Property
and Equipment   

Property
and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided for on a straight-line basis over the
useful lives of the assets. Expenditures for additions and improvements are capitalized; repairs and maintenance are expensed
as incurred.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets   

The Company evaluates intangible assets
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. The
Company assesses the recoverability of the assets based on the undiscounted future cash flow and recognizes an impairment loss
when the estimated undiscounted future cash flow expected to result from the use of the asset plus the net proceeds expected from
disposition of the asset, if any, are less than the carrying value of the asset. When the Company identifies an impairment, it
reduces the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flow approach or, when available
and appropriate, to comparable market values. During the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company recorded impairment charges
of $1,024,358 relating to goodwill recognized in the acquisition disclosed in Note 15 and recorded impairment of $166,000 related
to investment disclosed in Note 6. 

Share-based
Payments   

Share-based
payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements
based on their fair values, in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. That expense is recognized over the period during which an
employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting
period). The Company had no common stock options or common stock equivalents granted or outstanding for all periods presented.  

The
Company issued restricted stock to consultants and employees for various services. Cost for these transactions are measured at
the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.
The value of the common stock is to be measured at the earlier of (i) the date at which a firm commitment for performance by the
counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached or (ii) the date at which the counterparty's performance is complete.  

Table of Contents     

Convertible
Instruments   

The
Company evaluates and accounts for conversion options embedded in convertible instruments in accordance with ASC 815  Derivatives
and Hedging Activities.  Applicable GAAP requires companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments
and account for them as freestanding derivative financial instruments according to certain criteria. The criteria include circumstances
in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related
to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded
derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under other GAAP with changes in fair value reported
in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be
considered a derivative instrument.  

Preferred
Stock   

We
apply the guidance enumerated in ASC 480  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity  when determining the classification
and measurement of preferred stock. Preferred shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments
and are measured at fair value. We classify conditionally redeemable preferred shares (if any), which includes preferred shares
that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of
uncertain events not solely within our control, as temporary equity. At all other times, we classified our preferred shares in
stockholders  equity. Our preferred shares do not feature any redemption rights within the holders  control or conditional
redemption features not within our control. Accordingly all issuances of preferred stock are presented as a component of consolidated
stockholders  equity (deficit).  

Advertising   

Advertising
and marketing expenses are charged to operations as incurred.  

Income
Taxes   

The
Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes. 
Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year
and (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s
financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the
enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available
positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

Table of Contents     

ASC
Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements
and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a
tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Company has no material uncertain tax positions.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern
 (Subtopic 205-40), (ASU No. 2014-15), which requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going
concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, ASU
2014-15 provides a definition of the term substantial doubt and requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date
that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). It also requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt
is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans and requires an express statement and other disclosures
when substantial doubt is not alleviated. ASU No. 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2016, and early application is   permitted.  

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers .
This guidance requires companies to recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
in amounts that reflect the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The
new standard also will result in enhanced disclosures about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows
arising from contracts with customers. The guidance is effective for public company fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017. The standard allows for either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective transition method. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this standard, including the transition method, on its consolidated results of operations, financial
position and cash flows.  

NOTE
3   Going Concern   

The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has a shareholders  deficit of $1,477,250 and an accumulated
deficit of $16,878,382 as of June 30, 2016, and has generated operating losses since inception. These factors, among others, raise
substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to generate revenues and its ability to continue raising capital from third parties.  

On September
9, 2016, the Company, its controlling shareholder, and an outside investor group executed a letter of intent granting the investor
group the option to purchase 100% of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, which represents a controlling interest in
the Company. The letter of intent includes a 30-day due diligence period. The acquisition is expected to close in early October
2016. The letter of intent requires that the investor provide the Company sufficient capital to move forward with its expansion
plans.  

Table of Contents     

NOTE
4   Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets   

As
of June 30, 2016 and 2015, prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:  

NOTE
5   Property and Equipment   

As of
June 30. 2016, Property and Equipment consisted of five vehicles with a recorded cost of $112,817 and computer-related equipment
with a recorded cost of $1,513, less accumulated depreciation of $22,122. As of June 30, 2015, Property and Equipment consisted
of one truck purchased in May 2015 at a value of $14,687. The depreciable life of these assets is 3 years.  

NOTE
6   Investments   

On September
18, 2015, the Company, through a series of transactions acquired 5,000,000 shares of Dollar Shots Club, Inc. ( DSC )
in exchange for 2,000,000 shares of common stock. The shares of DSC are being carried on the accompanying balance sheet based
on the value of the shares of stock given in exchange for the investment. The Company is accounting for the investment on the
cost basis of accounting being that the shares represent approximately 5% of the total outstanding shares of DSC and the Company
does not have any significant influence in DSC.  

As of
June 30, 2016, the Company concluded that the investment was impaired and recorded an impairment on this investment of $166,000.  

Table of Contents     

NOTE
7   Convertible Notes Payable   

During
2011 and 2012, the Company entered into a series of convertible notes with six lenders aggregating $110,000. These were one-year
terms notes at 12% interest and convertible to Common stock at a conversion price of $.05 per share. As a part of the Bankruptcy
Reorganization Plan confirmed in July 2014, the accrued interest on these notes was forgiven and the notes became zero interest
bearing notes. During the year ended June 30, 2016, $40,000 of these notes were converted into 24,000,000 shares of common stock.
As of June 30, 2016 and 2015 the principal balance on these notes was $70,000 and $110,000, repectively.  

In 2012,
the Company entered into a $40,000 Convertible Note Payable with an individual. The notes matured one-year from the date of issuance,
bears interest at 12% per annum and is convertible into shares of Common stock at $.001. In 2015, the lender sold and re-assigned
$17,500 of this note. The new note holders converted the $17,500 of principal into 17,500,000 shares of Common stock. As of June
30, 2016 and 2015 the principal balance on these notes was $22,500.  

  .  

On March
25, 2015, the Company entered into an amended and restated convertible promissory note with Roy Meadows, which amended two previously
issued notes dated February 5, 2013 and July 17, 2014. According to the terms of the note, the Company may borrow up to an aggregate
of $1,500,000. The note bears interest at 12% per annum, and the holder may demand repayment of any portion of the note after
one year from the effective date of the note. The note is convertible in whole or in part at a conversion price per share equal
to the lesser of $.001 per share, or at an 80% discount to the average of the five lowest bid prices during the thirty trading
days prior to the date of the conversion notice. Mr. Meadows is limited in his conversions whereby he may not at any time own
more than 9.99% of the Company s outstanding common stock. Mr. Meadows may, at his option, file a UCC-1 financing statement
against all assets of the Company and have a guarantee and security agreement with the principal controlling for majority shareholders
of the Company. On November 16, 2015, the debtholder converted $1,107,606 of principal and accrued interest into 1,107,607 shares
of Preferred C Shares of the Company. Each Series C Preferred Share can be converted to 50 Shares of Common Stock.  

In connection
with the conversion, and as an inducement for the debtholder to convert, the Company issued him warrants to purchase 41,454,851
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price per share of the lesser of $.005 or an eighty percent discount
to the average of the five lowest bid prices during the 30 trading days prior to the date of exercise. The warrant may be exercised,
in whole or in part, beginning on the date which is the earlier of six months from the Company becoming a Reporting Company (as
defined in the warrant) or one year from the date of issuance. The warrant is for a period of 3 years, and contains customary
anti-dilution provisions.  The Company recorded the fair value of the warrant as an inducement expense. 

In October
2015, the Company entered into a $500,000 note payable at 12% simple interest for a one year period with Roy Meadows. The note
is convertible upon maturity if not paid by the company prior thereto at $0.02 per share and a 25,000,000 share maximum. There
is an option to renew with a fee of 10% principle and accrued interest.  

During
the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, Mr. Meadows advanced an aggregate of $500,000 and $1,015,744, respectively. During the
year ended June 30, 2016, the holder converted $98,241 of principle into 98,240,710 shares of the Company s common stock.
At June 30, 2016 and 2015 the principal balance of the note was $500,00and $989,503 respectively. This note was exchanged for
Series C Preferred Shares on November 16, 2015.  

On October
5, 2014, the Company entered into a convertible notes with an individual for $12,500. The note matures on October 5, 2015, bears
interest at 8% per annum and contains a conversion feature at a conversion price per share, which is 20% of the average bid price
of Common stock over a trailing 10-day period. As of June 30, 2015 the principal balance on the note was $12,500.  

On February
2, 2015, the Company entered into a convertible note with an individual for $165,000 (with a $5,000 original issue discount).
The note matured on May 2, 2015, which was extended to August 2, 2015, bears interest at 12% per annum and is convertible in whole
or in part at a conversion price per share equal to the lesser of $.001 per share, or at an 80% discount to the average of the
five lowest bid prices during the thirty trading days prior to the date of the conversion notice. The holder is limited in his
conversions whereby he may not at any time own more than 9.99% of the Company s outstanding common stock. As of June 30,
2015, the principal balance on the note was $165,000, and was fully repaid with interest in August 2015. See Note 12 (B).  

On March
20 and 23, 2015, the Company entered into separate Convertible notes with an individual and his wife for $25,000 each. The notes
matures one-year from the date of issuance, bear interest at a rate of 7% per annum and contained a conversion feature at 50%
of the average bid price for Common stock over a trailing 10-day period. The holders are limited in their conversions whereby
they may not at any time own more than 4.9% of the Company s outstanding common stock. The holder of the notes converted
them to 2,160,105 shares of common stock on April 28, 2016.  

On March
23, 2015, the Company entered into a convertible note with an individual for $12,500. The note mature one-year from the date of
issuance, bears interest at a rate of 18% per annum is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion
price of $.04 per share. As of June 30, 2015 the balance of the note was $12,500. The note was paid in full on March 22, 2016..  

The
Company has determined that the conversion feature embedded in the notes referred to above that contain a potential variable conversion
amount constitutes a derivative which has been bifurcated from the note and recorded as a derivative liability, with a corresponding
discount recorded to the associated debt. The excess of the derivative value over the face amount of the note is recorded immediately
to interest expense at inception. The Company recorded $0 and $400,380 of interest expense for the years ended June 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, at the inception of the notes relating to the excess of derivative value over the face of the notes. The above
notes are presented net of a discount of $0 and $53,013 at June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, on the accompanying balance sheet.  

  In
addition to the note holder described above, on various dates during 2016 holders of convertible notes converted $179,220 of notes
into 18,660,105 shares of common stock.  

NOTE 8   Related Party Transactions  

On March 31, 2015 the
Company acquired 100% of the ownership interests of Smarterita, LLC, a Texas Limited Liability Company from Vintage Specialists,
LLC and Thomas Shuman, the former President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Smarterita, LLC owned certain inventory
defined in the agreement and the trade name  Smarterita . Consideration for the acquisition was 3,000,000 restricted
shares   of   the 
 Company s   common   stock 
 to   the   owners 
 of   Vintage   Specialists, 
 LLC   for   66% 
 of   Smarterita,   LLC 
 and$1,500 in cash to Thomas Shuman for his 34% of Smarterita, LLC. Prior to the series of transactions that effected the
acquisition, Mr. Shuman owned 17% of Smarterita, LLC. He acquired an additional 17% from Michael Martin,  who
 was issued 1,500,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock as consideration for delivery of the interests
to Mr. Shuman and ultimately the Company. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805
 Business Combinations . The total purchase price for the acquisition was allocated to the net tangible assets based
upon their estimated fair values as set forth below. The excess of the purchase price over the net assets was recorded as goodwill.
The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets assumed at the acquisition 
 date. 

The Company initially considered entering
into the markets served by Smarterita, LLC, but decided to refocus its efforts on other business opportunities. As of June 30,
2015, the full amount of goodwill acquired has been impaired. Smarterita, LLC did not have any revenues prior to the acquisition
and minimal operating expenses. 

As of June 30, 2016 the Company had
related party convertible notes resulting from funding received from related parties to support the Company s operations.
The aggregate principle amount of the notes at June 30, 2016 was $298,332 and was reduced by an initial beneficial conversion
feature-related discount of $277,602 remaining at June 30, 2016. All notes are convertible to the Company s common stock
at $.01 per share, accrue interest at 6%, and are not collateralized. The notes have various maturity dates ranging from February
17, 2017 to June 30, 2017. Interest recorded on these notes during 2016 was $21,967, including $20,730 related to the beneficial
conversion feature. 

The loan from shareholder balance of
$11,000 as of June 30, 2015 was paid during 2016. The loan did not accrue interest. 

Table of Contents     

NOTE
9   Deferred Revenue   

In
June 2015, the Company entered into an exclusive manufacture and supply agreement with Rodney Peterson (an unrelated third party)
or his designee, Rocky Mountain High Canada (RMHC) for distribution rights to Rocky Mountain High Canada, Inc. Under the agreement,
RMHC was required to pay the Company $500,000 before June 30, 2015 and submit an additional $150,000 prior to a production run
of 1,000,000 cans of product covered under the agreement. At this time the Company does not expect Rodney Peterson nor Rocky Mountain
High Canada, Inc. to fulfill its contractual obligation. Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. has filed a breach of contract lawsuit
with the objective of recovering outstanding obligations. The Company received $200,000 on July 29, 2015 and $300,000 on August
28, 2015, which has been recorded as deferred revenue in the accompanying balance sheet at June 30, 2016.  

NOTE
10   Shareholders  Deficit   

Common
Stock:   

On
July 7, 2013, the Company amended its Article of Incorporation to raise its authorized shares of Common stock from 400,000,000
to 5,000,000,000 shares.  

On
August 1, 2014, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to reduce the number of authorized shares to 400,000,000.  

On
February 2, 2015, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares to 600,000,000.  

During
the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company issued the following shares of common stock:  

As
a part of the Plan of Reorganization executed by the Bankruptcy Court in Dallas County, Texas in July 2014, the Company issued
3,683,410 shares of common stock as settlements of certain liabilities of the Company.  

In
2014, the Company acquired the issued and outstanding shares of Chill Texas, Inc. ( CTI ), for consideration of 5,000,000
shares of its common stock valued at $57,000, based on the stock price at the date of acquisition. The main reason for the acquisition
was to facilitate the company in its research and development of hemp-infused drinks. Prior to the acquisition, CTI had no assets
other than a nominal amount of inventory of samples of a hemp-infused drink, no liabilities, no employees and minimal, if any,
operations. As a result, we considered the value of the transaction to be stock based expenses which amount was charged directly
to earnings in the accompanying statement of operations.   

In
March 2015, the Company issued 4,500,000 shares of common stock to acquire the assets of Smarterita LLC, valued at $1,063,500
(See Note 11).  

The
Company entered into a five-year employment agreement with Thomas Shuman to provide services as President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. As a part of that agreement, the Company issued Mr. Shuman 21,000,000 shares of common stock and warrants
to purchase 20,000,000 shares of common stock. The shares of common stock were valued at $214,200 and the warrants were valued
at $265,925. The value has been recorded as a prepaid expense and is being amortized over the life of the employment agreement.  

Table of Contents     

In 2015,
the Company issued 18,275,000 shares of common stock to various individuals who performed services for the Company during the
year. The services were recorded at the fair value of the shares of common stock at the measurement date that the shares were
issued which aggregated $1,922,846.  

Warrants
of 18,500,000, issued to a note holder as a part of a convertible debt agreement, were exercised during 2015 on a cashless basis.  

Various
individuals purchased 11,223,330 shares of common stock during the year for gross proceeds of $244,316.  

During
the year ended June 30, 2015, note holders converted $115,741 of principal into 115,740,710 shares of common stock in accordance
with the conversion terms of the notes.  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock to acquire the assets of Dollar Shots Club valued
at $166,000.  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued 5,107,143 shares of common stock in lieu of cash for services rendered to the
Company valued at $254,066 based on the price of the Company s common stock when it was issued for the services rendered.  

During the year ended June 30, 2016,
under the settlement terms with the Company s former CEO and another employee of the Company, 11,000,000 shares of common
stock were returned to the Company.  

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, note holders converted $175,720 of principal and interest, respectively, into 103,055,455 shares
of common stock in accordance with the conversion terms of the notes.   

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued 38,521,012 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $1,282,406 to various
non-related individuals.   

Series
A and B Preferred Stock:   

On
July 7, 2013, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to create Preferred A and Preferred B stock. The Company authorized
10,000,000 shares of Preferred A and 2,000,000 shares of Preferred B stock.  

On
August 1, 2014, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to reduce the Preferred A authorized shares from 10,000,000
to 1,000,000 shares. The same Amendment increased the Preferred B shares authorized from 2,000,000 to 9,000,000 shares authorized.  

As
of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company has outstanding 1,000,000 shares of Preferred A shares, which were previously issued to
the Company s chairman in connection with his employment agreement. The fair value of the shares was recorded as a prepaid
expense and is being amortized over the life of the agreement.  

Series
C Preferred Stock   

The
Company amended its Articles of Incorporation as of November 13, 2015 to create a Series C Preferred shares, which are 12% interest
bearing, cumulative, exchangeable, non-voting, convertible preferred stock of the Company. Each Series C Preferred share can be
converted to 50 shares of common stock.  

On
November 16, 2015, the holder of a convertible note aggregating $1,107,607 of principal and accrued interest, agreed to a dollar
for dollar exchange for same number of Preferred C shares.  

Series
D Preferred Stock   

The
Company amended its Articles of Incorporation as of March 21, 2016 to create a Series D Preferred shares, which are non-voting,
none-interest bearing convertible preferred stock of the Company. Each Series C preferred share can be converted to 100 shares
of common stock. As of June 30, 2016, there are no Series D preferred shares outstanding.  

Table of Contents     

Warrants   

On
January 4, 2016 and in connection with the employment terms of three (3) executive officers, the Company issued warrants in aggregate
to purchase 20,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price per share of $.001. The warrant may be
exercised, in whole or in part, beginning on the date of issuance and becomes fully vested in six months. The warrants are for
a period of 5 years, and contains customary anti-dilution provisions. These warrants were exercised in July 2016.  

On
February 28, 2016 and in connection with the commitment terms of two (2) Board of Directors, the Company issued warrants in aggregate
to purchase 14,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price per share of $.001. The warrants may be
exercised, in whole or in part, beginning on the date of issuance and becomes fully vested in six months. The warrants are for
a period of 5 years, and contains customary anti-dilution provisions. These warrants were exercised in July 2016.  

On
May 11, 2016, the Company issued a warrant to an individual in recognition of her efforts in expanding our distribution in both
the Northeast section of the United States and in China. The warrant is for 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock
and is for a period of 5 years.  

NOTE
11  Concentrations   

During
the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company s two largest customers accounted for approximately 28% and 26% of sales, respectively.
During the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company s two largest customers accounted for approximately 27% and 26% of sales,
respectively.    

NOTE
12     Income Taxes   

The
reconciliation of income tax benefit at the U.S. statutory rate of 34% to the Company s effective rate for the periods presented
is as follows:  

The
tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to the Company s net deferred tax liability as of June 30, 2016 and
2015 are as follows:     

June
30 2016, and 2015  

Table of Contents     

As
of June 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $9,500,000 of federal and state net operating loss carryovers ( NOLs ),
which begin to expire in 2027. Utilization of the NOLs may be subject to limitation under the Internal Revenue Code Section 382
should there be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under regulations.  

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based
on the assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance against the entire deferred tax asset relating to NOLs
for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.  

NOTE
13   Legal Proceedings   

193rd
Judicial District Court of Dallas County Texas. Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. (RMHB) FKA Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc. V Rodney
Peterson (Peterson) and Rocky Mountain High Canada, Inc. (RMHC), Case #DC-16-01416; Date Filed: February 4, 2016.   

Parties
entered into a written agreement for the manufacture and supply of products produced under the Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc.
brand. The terms of the agreement are RMHB would manufacture and supply one million cans of our product FOB Memphis, Tennessee
to Peterson, upon receipt of $650,000 from Peterson to RMHB to pay for the manufacture of the cans. Peterson paid $500,000 toward
the $650,000 manufacture. Peterson defaulted under the terms of the agreement by failing to pay the remaining $150,000. RMHB tendered
default notice, but Peterson failed to cure the default. RMHB terminated the agreement in accordance with its terms. RMHB seeks
declaratory judgment that it is entitled to its profits as damages in the amount in excess of $500,000.  

44th
Judicial District Court of Dallas County Texas. Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. (RMHB) FKA Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc. V Donna Rayburn
(Rayburn), Case #DC-16-02131; Date Filed: February 23, 2016.   

RMHB
and Rayburn entered into a convertible promissory note dated February 2, 2015 for the original principal amount of $165,000 (with
a $5,000 original issue discount). On August 29, 2015, RMHB paid to Rayburn $197,773.95, representing return of principal and
interest earned during the life of the loan. On February 19, 2016, Rayburn issued an additional demand of interest and penalties
totaling $99,487.92. Rayburn has charged $137,261.87 in interest and penalties on a $160,000 loan for one year and 17 days for
an effective annual interest rate of 85.77%. As additional consideration for the note, RMHB was required to issue a warrant to
Rayburn for 10,000,000 of common stock. RMHB seeks a cancellation of the note and additional monetary recovery in the total amount
paid to Rayburn, plus additional recovery for all usurious interest charged.  RMHB also seeks to void the warrant for 10,000,000
shares of common stock, which was issued under a voidable note.  The amount which RMHB seeks from Rayburn is in excess of
$300,000. This case was non suited and will be filed as a counterclaim in the Rayburn suit pending in Seminole County, Florida.  

On
March 14, 2016, RMHB amended the Rayburn suit to add Meadows as a party Defendant.  RMHB has asserted usury claims in connection
with $1,500,000 demand convertible note referenced below in the section pertaining to the Meadows Arbitration Claim. RMHB seeks
unspecified monetary damages in connection with the Meadows Note, and further seeks cancellation of a warrant for 41,454,851 shares
of common stock issued to Meadows in connection with the Meadows Note and cancellation of the Meadows Note.  

Arbitration
Claim of Roy J. Meadows (Meadows) Against Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. (RMHB) dated February 24, 2016.   

Meadows
claims a breach of an exchange agreement dated November 3, 2015. RMHB has denied the breach. Meadows has invoked arbitration.  

Eighteenth
Judicial Circuit Court of Seminole County, Florida, Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. v. Roy Meadows, David Meadows et al, Case
No. 2016-CA-000958-15-W.   

The Company
filed suit for an injunction against continuation of the Meadows Arbitration. A hearing on that injunction is being set. The Meadows
Arbitration hearing currently has no date for commencement.. Shortly after the suspension of the Arbitration hearing, on April
20, 2016, false, malicious, and defamatory allegations were asserted by the Shareholder Alert inappropriately released by the
Law Office of A.A. McClanahan, Meadow s attorney.  

The
Company has filed in the Seminole Suit a Motion for Leave To Amend its current suit to add claims against Meadows for usury, cancellation
of warrants and defamation as a result of the Shareholder Alert press release.  

The
Company is investigating facts surrounding Meadows and others and may amend its Florida lawsuit to seek more than $20 Million
in damages and disgorgement of Meadows and Rayburn profits on questionable trading activities.  

Table of Contents     

Douglas
County District Court, Colorado, Case No. 2015CV030672, Totally Hemp Crazy, Inc. et al v. Cannalife USA, Ltd et al.   

Suit
filed by the Company and Jerry Grisaffi against Defendants for Defamation, Conspiracy, and Intentional Interference with Prospective
Business Relations.  

101 st
 Judicial District Court of Dallas County, Texas, Case No DC-16-01220. Fanco Global Acquisitions, LLC v Rocky Mountain High
Brands, Inc.   

Suit
filed against the Company for alleged finders  fee commissions. The Company contests and opposes the claim.  

NOTE
14   Commitments   

The
Company has entered into employment agreement with the following officers:  

In
2013, the Company entered into a ten-year employment agreement with Jerry Grisaffi, Chairman of the Board of Directors. Under
the agreement, the Company agreed to compensate Mr. Grisaffi at a rate of $125,000 per year and to bonus obligations based on
the profitability of the Company. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Series A stock to Mr. Grisaffi under the terms
of the agreement.  

In
2014, the Company entered into a five-year employment agreement with   David M. Seeberger, Vice President   Legal.
Under the agreement,  we  agreed to compensate Mr. Seeberger at a rate of $120,000
per year and to bonus obligations based on the profitability of the   Company. We also
agreed to grant Mr. Seeberger an option to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock for par value at any time after January 1,
2015.  

In
January   2016,   the 
 Company   entered   into 
 a   five-year   employment 
 agreement   with   Michael 
 Welch,   Chief   Financial 
 Officer.   Under   the agreement,
 we  agreed to compensate Mr. Welch at a rate of $120,000 per year and to pay a bonus
based on the profitability of the Company. Mr. Welch also became Chief Executive Officer on March 1, 2016. His salary was increased
to $150,000 per year. In addition, Mr. Welch received 10,000,000 warrants for common stock at a price of $.001 on January 4, 2016
that are exercisable in July 2016.  

On May 11, 2016, we executed a new
lease for the existing space and 2,172 square feet of additional space at the same address for a three-year term beginning July
1, 2016 and terminating on June 30, 2019. Due to the landlord s inability to make the additional space ready for us as of
July 1, we were not able to commence the new lease until September 2016. The lease that was due to expire on June 30 was extended
on a month-to-month basis until September. In connection with the new lease, we also purchased used office furniture from the
landlord and financed this purchase with a note payable in the amount of $40,122 with an interest rate of 0% and monthly payments
of $1,115. 

NOTE
15   Acquisition   

On
March 31, 2015, the Company acquired certain assets from Vintage Specialists, LLC. The purchased assets included
certain inventory defined in the agreement and the trade name  Smarterita .  Consideration for
the acquisition was 4,500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock. The acquisition is being accounted for as
a business combination in accordance with ASC 805  Business Combinations .  The total purchase price for the acquisition
was allocated to the net tangible assets based upon their estimated fair values as of March 31, 2015 as set forth below. 
The excess of the purchase price over the net assets was recorded as goodwill. The following table summarizes the
estimated fair values of the assets assumed at the acquisition date.  

Table of Contents     

The
Company initially had considered entering into the markets served by Smarterita Brands, but has decided to refocus its efforts
on other business opportunities. As of June 30, 2015, the full amount of goodwill acquired has been impaired.  

Vintage
Specialist, LLC did not have any revenues prior to the acquisition and minimal operating expenses. Pro forma historical results
have not been presented since they would not be material to the financial statements.  

NOTE
16   Subsequent Events   

A.      Business
                                         Alliance with Poafbybitty Family LLC     

  In
July 2016, the Company entered into a business alliance with Poafbybitty Family, LLC to launch Eagle Spirit Spring Water, a line
of purified, high-alkaline spring water sourced from Native American tribal land in Oklahoma. The agreement calls for the Company
to pay a royalty on each gallon of water collected at the spring. Production of filtered spring water filled bottles commenced
in August 2016 and they are now available for sale.  

In
consideration for the 20 year lease for water and surface rights with a 10 year renewal option, the Company paid Poafbybitty Family,
LLC cash payments of $22,500 and issued a warrant for 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock exercisable at $.03 per
share over a three year period from July 27, 2016.  

The
agreement grants the Company an exclusive right to develop land adjacent to the spring for commercial purposes as agreed to by
both parties. Additionally, the Company has agreed to grow hemp for experimental or commercial purposes on the land within three
years. As of June 30, 2016, the Company recorded approximately $10,137 of investment and other assets related to the agreement.  

B.      Distribution
                                         Agreement with Water Event Pure Water Solution     

  In
August 2016, the Company entered into a distribution agreement with Water Event Pure Solutions ( Water Event ) to
distribute the Company s hemp-infused beverages and water to 15,000 customers in four major metropolitan areas in Texas.
Water Event also began bottling the Company s Eagle Spirit Spring Water product in August 2016.  

C.      Subsequent
                                         Common Stock Issuances        

Between July 1, 2016 and
September 28, 2016, the Company issued 41,800,000 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of notes payable, 35,338,704
shares related to the exercise of officer and director warrants, and 7,969,316 shares for marketing, legal, and other professional
services rendered. 

Table of Contents   

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure    

  No
events occurred requiring disclosure under Item 307 and 308 of Regulation S-K during the fiscal year ending June 30, 2016.  

     Item
9A. Controls and Procedures    

  As
required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. This evaluation was carried out under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.  

  Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within
the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

  Based
upon that evaluation, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were ineffective  as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.  

   Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

  Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of June 30, 2016 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of June 30,
2016, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting, which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate
segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and
financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines.  

  We
plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered
by this annual report on Form 10-K, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate
such weaknesses, we plan to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending June 30, 2017: (i) appoint additional
qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written
policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent
upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing
such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner.    

  This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set forth in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act.  

   Item
9B. Other Information    

  None.  

Table of Contents   

PART III      

     Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance    

  The following table sets forth, as
of September 29, 2016, the name, age and positions of our executive officers and directors.  

NAME  
      AGE  
      POSITION   
 
       Michael Welch   
      62  
      President and Chief Executive Officer   

Jens Mielke   
      50  
      Chief Financial Officer   

David Seeberger   
      60  
      Vice President, Legal   

Jerry Grisaffi   
      71  
      Founder/Secretary/Chairman of the Board of Directors   

Charles Smith   
      59  
      Chief Operating Office, Director   

Win Morrison   
      77  
      Director   

The business background and certain
other information about our directors and executive officers, as well our key employee, is set forth below:  

MICHAEL WELCH   PRESIDENT AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

Principal Occupation:
CPA   

Employment History:  

January 2016 to Present: CFO, Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc.   

February 2016 to Present: CEO, Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc.   

Mr.
Welch brings more than thirty years of executive and financial management experience to the Rocky Mountain High Brands team. Prior
to joining RMHB, Mr. Welch served as CFO Managing Partner for Aventine Hill Partners, a professional services firm from July 2014
to December 2015. Mr. Welch served as Chief Financial Officer and Consultant for multiple small cap companies in Dallas, Texas
from June 2011 to June 2014. Mr. Welch was the Chief Financial Officer and one of the founders of Stephan Pyles Concepts, a Dallas-based,
privately-held restaurant holding company from February 2005 to May 2011.  

In
the late 90 s, Mr. Welch was part of the founders group of Resources Global Professionals (RGP), a publicly-traded, international
consulting firm that was initially owned by Deloitte. Prior to his involvement with RGP, for more than ten years Mr. Welch was
employed by Landmark Land Company, a publicly traded multi-state real estate developer and operator of golf and tennis resorts
and hotels, commercial and residential real estate, life insurance, mortgage and savings and loans. His positions included Chief
Operating Officer, Vice President of Management Systems, and Controller. Mr. Welch also served as Chief Financial Officer of Oak
Tree Savings Bank, a subsidiary of Landmark Land Company and a statewide savings and loan based in New Orleans, LA.  

Table of Contents   

Mr. Welch is
an alumnus of the audit staff at Deloitte and joined the firm immediately after earning a Bachelor of Business Administration
from the University of Oklahoma. Mr. Welch is a Louisiana CPA (inactive status) and has recently completed a term on a not-for-profit
board. Mr. Welch currently serves on an Advisory Board for a privately held services company with which he directed a management-led
buyout from the founder of the company.  

  Mr.
Welch has been instrumental in building the financial frameworks necessary to form new companies, as well as raising the capital
needed to open new businesses. He is highly experienced in establishing the necessary financial statements and disclosure statements
to OTC Markets. He has a breadth of experience in creating business plans, private placement memorandums, as well as generating
financial projections and investor presentations. He also has a wealth of experience in working with investment bankers, attorneys
and accounting firms to improve the presentation and disclosure of client company's financial statements to public markets. Mr.
Welch is also highly experienced in preparing financial models to project revenue and monthly/annual preform results of operations.  

Due
to his years of experience in building the financial structures of new companies, as well as his ability to develop high performing
teams and lead them to successful outcomes, we believe that Mr. Welch is expertly and uniquely qualified to lead the financial
strategy of RMHB.  

JENS MIELKE   CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

Principal Occupation: CPA  

Employment History:  

August 2016 to Present:  CFO, Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc.   

Mr.
Mielke has over 27 years  experience in accounting and finance leadership positions. Prior to joining RMHB, Mr. Mielke was
National Partner, Technical Accounting for Aventine Hill Partners, a Texas-based professional services firm. He founded and led
that firm s Technical Accounting Group where he provided technical accounting and finance services to public and private
clients. Prior to Aventine Hill, Mr. Mielke was Chief Financial Officer for a high-growth, publicly-traded retailer, but spent
the majority of his career at Deloitte where he was audit partner in the firm s Dallas office. He also previously served
as senior financial analyst at PepsiCo s corporate headquarters in Purchase, NY. His experience includes working with public
and private companies in strategic management, accounting, financial reporting, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, investor relations,
initial and secondary public offerings, mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, process improvement and systems implementations.  

Mr. Mielke received his Master
and Bachelor of Business Administration degrees from Southern Methodist University. He has been a Certified Public Accountant
in the State of Texas since 1991. He serves on the Board of Directors of the Dallas Chapter of Financial Executives International.  

  With his
leadership background in financial strategy, management and compliance, Mr. Mielke is well-positioned to build on the foundation
that Mr. Welch laid during his tenure as the Company s CFO. This includes the continued focus on strengthening the Company s
financial position and operating results, providing investors with high-quality, timely information, enhancing the Company s
corporate governance platform, and teaming with senior management on opportunities to further grow the Company.  

CHARLES SMITH
- CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, DIRECTOR  

Principal
Occupation: Real Estate Developer   

Employment
History:  

December 1990 to Present: Consultant/Partner, Sawyers Mill Properties   

Charles
(Chuck) Smith graduated with honors from University of Texas at Dallas with a Bachelor's Degree in Economics and Finance. He has
been an active participant in real estate investment opportunities for almost 35 years.  

Table of Contents   

Within
the last five years, Mr. Smith has served in several key strategic roles entailing a wide-range of corporate governance. During
the time period from 2007 to 2014, Mr. Smith served as a Managing Partner and Managing Member of San Carlos Associates, a multi-million-dollar
investment entity located in Dallas, Texas. In addition, until the properties recently sold in 2011, Mr. Smith served as a former
Managing Partner and Managing member to several investment partnerships in Midland and El Paso, Texas, with indicated values that
exceed $30 million. These properties included Cornerstone Village and Villa De Madison. Similarly, Mr. Smith currently retains
a partnership interest and maintains a consulting relationship at Sawyers Mill in Arlington, Texas   an entity that he has
maintained a relationship with since the early 1990 s.  

Due
to his thirty-five years of sustaining consistent and effective strategic performance, Mr. Smith brings a high level of business
acumen and practical experience to the executive team. During his professional career, he has maintained a consistent track record
of successfully planning and executing large-scale multi-million-dollar projects. His strategically perceptive business insights,
combined with his years of executive experience, consistently produce results that exceed stakeholder expectations. Mr. Smith s
personal abilities and years of experience serve to bring a high level of gravitas to the leadership team.  

DAVID SEEBERGER
- VICE PRESIDENT, LEGAL  

Principal
Occupation: Attorney   

Employment
History:   

2005 to Present: Attorney, Law Offices of David M. Seeberger,
    Esq.   

David
Seeberger received his B.A. from Grinnell College in Grinnell, Iowa and earned his J.D. from the University of Toledo - College
of Law in Toledo, Ohio. Mr. Seeberger is admitted to practice before the Supreme Court of Texas and the United States District
Courts for the Northern and Eastern Districts of Texas. He has also practiced in other State and Federal Courts on a pro hoc basis.
Mr. Seeberger is also admitted to practice before the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  

Mr.
Seeberger s legal experience spans in excess of twenty-five years of professional practice within the Dallas, Texas area.
Mr. Seeberger has been privileged to associate with and has been a partner in various small law firms throughout his legal career
  for the past decade, Mr. Seeberger has been in private practice, and maintains membership in the State Bar of Texas and
the Dallas Bar Association.  

Mr.
Seeberger s career has included all areas of corporate and small business - due diligence, corporate and business litigation
as well as the areas associated therewith, including general legal counsel for corporate, real estate and commercial bankruptcy
proceedings and corporate turnaround efforts. Mr. Seeberger is an AV Preeminent rated attorney resulting from the AV Preeminent-Peer
Review Rating as conducted by Martindale-Hubbell. Mr. Seeberger has been engaged, contracted with, or employed by RMHB since 2012.  

Mr.
Seeberger s top skills include commercial and business litigation, civil litigation, and trial practice. During his private
practice in the last five years, Mr. Seeberger also provided general legal counsel to a number of small capitalization business
entities (within various industries), many of which are publicly listed/traded companies within the OTC Markets.  

Due
to his extensive legal experience, his wide-range of business knowledge, his years of experience with publically traded companies,
and the fact that his AV Preeminent rating is the highest possible rating from the legal industry standard as defined by Martindale-Hubbell,
we believe that Mr. Seeberger s skills, attributes, and experience well-qualify him to be a member of the executive team.
His professional commitment to ethical standards, and his highly respected reputation, have both been amply represented throughout
his legal career.  

JERRY GRISAFFI
  FOUNDER, SECRETARY and CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  

Principal
Occupation: Business Entrepreneur    

Employment
History:  

November 2011 to July 2014, Chairman of the Board and Chief
    Executive Officer, Republic of Texas Brands   

October 2014 to present: Chairman of the Board, Rocky Mountain
    High Brands   

Table of Contents   

Jerry
Grisaffi is the Founder, Secretary/Treasurer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Rocky Mountain High Brands Inc. Jerry has
spent his career as an entrepreneur creating, founding, and operating various companies in Texas. Jerry is focused on raising
the necessary capital to fund the growth of Rocky Mountain High Brands and promoting its sales both throughout the U.S and Internationally.  

Mr.
Grisaffi served as President and Chief Executive Officer of The Tracking Corporation from 2003 to 2008. The Tracking Corporation
served as a supplier of GPS devices to several companies, including Jaguar Motor Cars. In 2010 Mr. Grisaffi acquired controlling
interest of Precious Metals Exchange Corporation and became Chairman of the Board of Directors and recruited a Chief Executive
Officer in April 2011. Realizing that the Company needed a new direction, Jerry changed the name to Legends Food Corporation and
pursued food opportunities around Texas based products in the fall of 2011. In late 2011, the Company changed its name to Republic
of Texas Brands. He pursued opportunities around Texas Barbeque and attempted to raise money to acquire Soulman s BBQ in
Texas. That acquisition did not come to completion, and then Mr. Grisaffi led the Company through a Chapter 11 Bankruptcy reorganization.
After approval of the Plan of Reorganization, Mr. Grisaffi identified a new opportunity in terms of newly emerging trends in the
consumer beverage market. At that point, he led the company into a new market direction with hemp-infused beverages.  

As
Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of Rocky Mountain High Brands, Mr. Grisaffi brings a high level of executive experience
to the Company. He has a proven track record of excellence in providing visionary leadership and strategic planning for business
startups. His years of successful and innovative entrepreneurial experience provide incredible insights in terms of developing
and growing RMHB as a new business initiative. Due to his wide-range of business experience, and his personal qualifications as
described above, Mr. Grisaffi is uniquely and highly qualified to lead the Company as the senior executive officer.  

WINTON MORRISON - NON-OFFICER DIRECTOR  

Principal Occupation:
Real Estate Agent/Broker   

Employment History:  

1982 to Present: Owner/Principal Broker, Win Morrison Realty   

Winton
 Win  Morrison is Principal Broker and Owner of Win Morrison Realty. Mr. Morrison spent many years as an IBM executive,
based in the former IBM Kingston facility. He operated his own retail business for a time (the Snowflake Ski Shop), and also worked
as an antique dealer for most of his adult life. Mr. Morrison opened the Kingston office of Win Morrison Realty in 1982. Win Morrison
Realty now has five offices to serve the region. Currently, the company is actively pursuing expansion into other locations within
other parts of the region.  

  Due to
his more than thirty-four years of experience in successfully serving the needs of his community, we believe that Mr. Morrison
is uniquely qualified to serve on the Board of Directors for Rocky Mountain High Brands. In addition to his years of experience
as an executive in a Fortune 500 company (IBM) - during his years of service to the residents of the Hudson Valley, Mr. Morrison
has demonstrated quality of character as well as acute business acumen. Over the last three decades Mr. Morrison has consistently
and amply demonstrated the personal characteristics necessary to envision, implement, and maintain a successful business endeavor
that withstands the test of time.  

Term
of Office   

Our directors
are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from
office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the
board.  

Family
Relationships   

There are
no family relationships between or among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors
or executive officers.   

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings   

To the best
of our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director, executive
officer, or employee: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner
or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time other than the Chapter 11 bankruptcy
proceeding of the Company in 2013 - 2014; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding
(excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending
or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by
a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.  

Table of Contents   

On
December 16, 2013 the Company filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District
of Texas, Dallas Division, Case Number 13-36434-bjh-11. In early 2013, the Company sought to acquire a barbeque company and sought
to raise capital and entered into an agreement with Empire Capital LLC ( Empire ) to assist in the raising of capital
for the acquisition. By late 2013, the acquisition had fallen through due to the inability to obtain the needed financing. Empire
then sued the Company claiming it was owed approximately $200,000 for its services on behalf of the Company along with additional
damages. The Company disputed the claims, and filed the Chapter 11 bankruptcy to restructure its current indebtedness and to provide
a framework for moving forward. On May 22, 2014 the Company filed its Disclosure Statement and Plan of Reorganization, and on
July 2, 2014 a hearing was held and the Plan of Reorganization was confirmed by written order of the Bankruptcy Court dated July
11, 2014.  

  The
material terms of the Order Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization (the  Bankruptcy Order ) are contained
within the Amended Plan of Reorganization (the  Plan ). The Plan was a consensual plan, in that a majority of all
creditors in all classes and the equity holders voting voted to accept the Plan. The fundamental material terms of the Plan relate
to the allowance or disallowance of claims and treatment of allowed claims and classes of claims, and then to the means for execution
of the Plan.  

  The
Plan created five classes of creditors. The Plan contained a separate and distinct obligation of the Company for each of the classes
of creditors. The treatment of the Company s obligation for each class was set forth in Article 5 of the Plan. The Class
1 Claimants consisted of allowed administrative claims, and were to be paid in full on the effective date of the Plan. The only
Class 1 Claimant was the Debtor s attorney, who was paid in full after Court approval of his fee application. Class 2 Claimants
consisted of allowed non-insider general unsecured claims. Those Class 2 Claimants were to be paid in full on their claims by
receiving 5% of their allowed claim on the effective date of the Plan, and the remainder in 60 equal monthly payments. The Class
3 Claimants consisted of allowed insider general unsecured claims. The Class 3 Claimants consisted of three claimants and their
claims were resolved by the issuance of stock of the Debtor. Class 4 Claimants consisted of the allowed claims of the Empire Group,
as defined in Class 4. The Class 4 Claimants consisted of four claimants and their claims were resolved by the settlement of pending
bankruptcy and non-bankruptcy litigation and other matters with the Class 4 Claimants, which included the return of shares of
Debtor s stock to treasury by one claimant of that Class and the issuance of other shares and delivery of a payment of $50,000.00
to another claimant of that Class. Class 5 Claimants consisted of allowed equity interest holders, and those claimants retained
their shares of stock in the Debtor.  

  The
means for execution of the Plan are set forth in Article 6 of the Plan, which contains the matters to be addressed by the Company,
primarily those dealing with the obligations to the classes of creditors.  

  The
Order confirming the Plan of Reorganization is attached as an Exhibit.  

Committees
of the Board   

Until further
determination by the board, the full board of directors will undertake the duties of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee,
and Nominating Committee.  

Audit
Committee   

We do not have
a separately designated standing audit committee. The entire Board of Directors performs the functions of an audit committee,
but no written charter governs the actions of the Board when performing the functions of what would generally be performed by
an audit committee. The Board approves the selection of our independent accountants and meets and interacts with the independent
accountants to discuss issues related to financial reporting. In addition, the Board reviews the scope and results of the audit
with the independent accountants, reviews with management and the independent accountants our annual operating results, considers
the adequacy of our internal accounting procedures and considers other auditing and accounting matters including fees to be paid
to the independent auditor and the performance of the independent auditor. Our Board of Directors, which performs the functions
of an audit committee, does not have a member who would qualify as an  audit committee financial expert  within the
definition of Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. We believe that, at our current size and stage of development, the addition
of a special audit committee financial expert to the Board is not necessary.  

Table of Contents   

Nomination
Committee   

Our Board
of Directors does not maintain a nominating committee. As a result, no written charter governs the director nomination process.
Our size and the size of our Board, at this time, do not require a separate nominating committee.  

  When evaluating
director nominees, our directors consider the following factors:  

-  
      The appropriate size of our Board of Directors;   
 
      -  
      Our needs with respect to the particular talents and experience
    of our directors;   
 
      -  
      The knowledge, skills and experience of nominees, including
    experience in finance, administration or public service, in light of prevailing business conditions and the knowledge, skills
    and experience already possessed by other members of the Board;   
 
      -  
      Experience in political affairs;   
 
      -  
      Experience with accounting rules and practices; and   
 
      -  
      The desire to balance the benefit of continuity with the periodic
    injection of the fresh perspective provided by new Board members.   

Our goal
is to assemble a Board that brings together a variety of perspectives and skills derived from high quality business and professional
experience. In doing so, the Board will also consider candidates with appropriate non-business backgrounds.  

Other than
the foregoing, there are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees, although the Board may also consider such other factors
as it may deem are in our best interests as well as our stockholders. In addition, the Board identifies nominees by first evaluating
the current members of the Board willing to continue in service. Current members of the Board with skills and experience that
are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue in service are considered for re-nomination. If any member of the
Board does not wish to continue in service or if the Board decides not to re-nominate a member for re-election, the Board then
identifies the desired skills and experience of a new nominee in light of the criteria above. Current members of the Board are
polled for suggestions as to individuals meeting the criteria described above. The Board may also engage in research to identify
qualified individuals. To date, we have not engaged third parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying potential nominees,
although we reserve the right in the future to retain a third party search firm, if necessary. The Board does not typically consider
shareholder nominees because it believes that its current nomination process is sufficient to identify directors who serve our
best interests.  

Code
of Ethics   

We currently
have not adopted a code of ethics for the Board or executives.  

Item
11. Executive Compensation   

   Compensation Discussion
and Analysis   

  In
2013, the Company entered into a ten-year employment agreement with Jerry Grisaffi, Chairman of the Board of Directors. Under
the agreement, we agreed to compensate Mr. Grisaffi at a rate of $125,000 per year and to a bonus of $30,000 annually, or a greater
amount as approved by the Company's Board of Directors. We also issued 10,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock, 1,000,000
shares of Series B preferred stock, and 1,500,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to Mr. Grisaffi under the terms of the
agreement.  

In
2014, the Company entered into a five-year employment agreement with David M. Seeberger, Vice President   Legal. Under the
agreement,  we  agreed to compensate Mr. Seeberger at a rate of $120,000 per year and
to bonus obligations based on the profitability of the   Company. We also agreed to
grant Mr. Seeberger an option to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock for par value at any time after January 1, 2015.  

In
January   2016,   the 
 Company   entered   into 
 a   five-year   employment 
 agreement   with   Michael 
 Welch,   Chief   Financial 
 Officer.   Under   the agreement,
 we  agreed to compensate Mr. Welch at a rate of $120,000 per year and to pay a bonus
based on the profitability of the Company. Mr. Welch also became Chief Executive Officer on March 1, 2016. His salary was increased
to $150,000 per year. In addition, Mr. Welch received 10,000,000 warrants for common stock at a price of $.001 on January 4, 2016
that were exercisable on July 25, 2016.  

Table of Contents   

Summary
Compensation Table   

  The following table sets forth
the compensation earned by Executive Officers during the last two fiscal years:  

Narrative Disclosure to the Summary
Compensation Table   

The Company
paid its officers as 1099 Contractors during fiscal year 2015 and the first two quarters of 2015 due to the shortage of operating
cash in the company during those time periods. All officers were converted to payroll during the third quarter of fiscal year
2016.  

2.  
      Mr. Smith was not employed by the Company in 2015. Mr. Smith
    is an investor in the Company, sits on the Board of Directors and is Chief Operating Officer. He has agreed to forego a salary
    until the Company is fully-funded. Mr. Smith was awarded 7,000,000 warrants with an anti-dilution clause and a cashless exercise
    option for common stock at a strike price of $.001 on February 28, 2016 for his service on the Board of Directors. His options
    were exercised on July 29, 2016 for 7,216,500 shares of common stock, which is included in the Director Compensation Table
    below.   

Table of Contents   

Outstanding Equity Awards at June
30, 2016 Table   

The table below
summarizes all unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer
as of June 30, 2016:  

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END   

WARRANT
    AWARDS   
       STOCK
    AWARDS    
 
       Name
       
      Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Warrants (#) Exercisable   
      Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Warrants (#) Unexercisable   
      Equity
    Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Warrants   
     (#)    
      Warrant
    Exercise  Price   
      ($)    
      Warrant
    Expiry Date   
      Number
    of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested    
     (#)    
      Market
    Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested   
     ($)    
      Equity
    Incentive  Plan Awards:  Number of Unearned  Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested    
     (#)    
      Equity
    Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not  Vested   
     (#)     
 
       Michael
    Welch   
      10,434,419  
      -  
      -  
      $.001  
      1/4/21  
      -  
      -  
      -  
      -   
 
       Andrew
    Newsom   
      4,188,514      
       
      -  
      -  
      $.001  
      1/4/21  
      -  
      -  
      -  
      -   
 
       David
    Seeberger   
      6,282,771      
       
      -  
      -  
      $.001  
      1/4/21  
      2,000,000  
      $.1294  
      -  
      -   

Compensation
of Directors Table   

The table below summarizes
all compensation paid to our directors during the year ended June 30, 2016:  

Table of Contents   

Narrative
Disclosure to the Director Compensation Table   

Both Charles
Smith and Winton Morrison became Board Members in February 2016 and are not included in this table. As Board members, the Company
agreed to issue each of them 7,000,000 warrants with an anti-dilution clause and a cashless exercise option for common stock at
a strike price of $.001 and exercisable for a five year period after a one year holding period. Both Mr. Smith and Mr. Morrison
exercised their warrants on July 29, 2016 in exchange for 7,216,500 shares of common stock.  

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    

  The following
table sets forth, as of September 28, 2016, the beneficial ownership of the Company s capital stock by each executive officer
and director, by each person known to beneficially own more than 5% of the our common stock and by the executive officers and
directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly and the percentage shown is based on 623,097,784
shares of common stock issued and outstanding.  

(1)  Represents
common stock ownership for each officer and/or director plus warrants that were exercised in July 2016.  

(2)  Total
for Jerry Grisaffi includes 8,012,788 shares of Common Stock, and 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, which are convertible
to 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock. Mr. Grisaffi s Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to cast 400,000,000 votes on
all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. Mr. Grisaffi s total voting power is thus 408,012,788 votes, or approximately
65% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock as of September 28, 2016  

(3)  The
Company has filed legal proceedings against Roy Meadows and his daughter Donna Rayburn.  See Legal Proceedings.   

Table of Contents   

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    

  Except
as described below, there have been no transactions or presently proposed transactions since our incorporation to which we have
been a participant in which: (1) the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of: (i) $120,000, or (ii) one percent
of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years; and (2) any of our directors or executive
officers, nor any proposed nominee for election as a director, nor any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, more
than 5% of any class of our voting securities, nor any members of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings,
and in-laws) of any of the foregoing persons, has any material interest, direct or indirect:  

1.  
      In 2013, we entered into a ten-year employment agreement with
    Jerry Grisaffi, Chairman of the Board of Directors. Under the agreement, we agreed to compensate Mr. Grisaffi at a rate of
    $125,000 per year and to bonus obligations based on the profitability of the company. We issued 1,000,000 shares of Preferred
    Series A stock to Mr. Grisaffi under the terms of the agreement.   

2.  
      In 2014, we entered into a five-year employment agreement with
    Thomas Shuman, our former President. Under the agreement, we agreed to compensate Mr. Shuman at a rate of $120,000 per year
    and to bonus obligations based on the profitability of the company. We issued 21,000,000 shares of common stock and warrants
    to purchase 20,000,000 shares of common stock, exercisable in June 2015 to Mr. Shuman under the terms of the agreement.   

4.  
      As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company owed a shareholder
    Jerry Grisaffi the amounts of $11,000 and $11,000, respectively. This loan is non-interest bearing with no set terms of repayment.
    The Company plans to repay the loan as cash flow permits. As of June 30. 2015, the Company owed Jerry Grisaffi $11,000 on
    a shareholder loan that was non-interest bearing. During early fiscal year 2016, the note was repaid. Subsequent to the repayment,
    Mr. Grisaffi loaned the Company at total of $35,713 at various times during the latter part of the fiscal year. The Company
    has entered into a series of one year 6% convertible notes payable with Mr. Grisaffi as of the date of each loan.   

5.  
      On March 31, 2015, the Company acquired 100% of the ownership
    interests of Smarterita, LLC, a Texas Limited Liability Company from Vintage Specialists, LLC and Thomas Shuman, the former
    President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Smarterita LLC owned certain inventory defined in the agreement and
    the trade name  Smarterita .  Consideration for the acquisition was 3,000,000 restricted shares of the
    Company s common stock to the owners of Vintage Specialists, LLC for 66% of Smarterita LLC and $1,500 in cash to Thomas
    Shuman for his 34% of Smarterita, LLC. Prior to the series of transactions that effected the acquisition, Mr. Shuman owned
    17% of Smarterita, LLC. He acquired an additional 17% from Michael Martin, who was issued 1,500,000 shares of the Company s
    restricted common stock as consideration for delivery of the interests to Mr. Shuman and ultimately the Company. The acquisition
    was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805  Business Combinations . The total
    purchase price for the acquisition was allocated to the net tangible assets based upon their estimated fair
    values as set forth below.  The excess of the purchase price over the net assets was recorded as goodwill.
    The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets assumed at the acquisition date.   

The Company initially had
considered entering into the markets served by Smarterita LLC, but has decided to refocus its efforts on other business opportunities.
As of June 30, 2015, the full amount of goodwill acquired has been impaired. Vintage Specialist, LLC did not have any revenues
prior to the acquisition and minimal operating expenses.  

We are not a
 listed issuer  within the meaning of Item 407 of Regulation S-K and there are no applicable listing standards for
determining the independence of our directors. Applying the definition of independence set forth in Rule 4200(a)(15) of The NASDAQ
Stock Market, Inc., we have one independent director, Winton Morrison.  

Table of Contents   

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services    

The following
table presents the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years by the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm, Paritz   Company, P.A., in connection with the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements
and other professional services rendered.  

Audit fees represent
the professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and the review of the Company s
financial statements included in quarterly reports, along with services normally provided by the accounting firm in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or other engagements. Audit-related fees represent professional services rendered for assurance
and related services by the accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s
consolidated financial statements that are not reported under audit fees.  

Tax fees represent
professional services rendered by the accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. All other fees represent
fees billed for products and services provided by the accounting firm, other than the services reported for the other categories.  

Table of Contents   

PART IV

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules    

(a)
Financial Statements and Schedules     

  The
following financial statements and schedules listed below are included in this Form 10-K.  

  Financial
Statements (See Item 8)  

(b)   
       Exhibits    

2.1  
      Agreement to 
     Purchase   Limited   Liability
    Interests   in   Smarterita, 
     LLC   with   Thomas 
     Shuman*    

2.2  
      Agreement to 
     Purchase   Limited   Liability
    Interests   in   Smarterita, 
     LLC   with   Vintage 
     Specialists,   LLC*    

2.3  
      Asset Purchase Agreement
    with   Dollar   Shots 
     Club,   LLC*    

2.4  
      Asset Purchase Agreement
    with   Dollar   Shots 
     Club,   Inc. *    

2.5  
      Confirmed Chapter
    11 Plan of Reorganization*    

2.6  
      Purchase Agreement
    with Walter Stock for Chill Texas, Inc.**   

3.1  
      Articles of Incorporation,
    as   Amended*    

10.7  
      Employment Agreement
    with   Michael   Welch*    

10.8  
      Employment Agreement
    with   Jerry   Grisaffi*    

10.9  
      Employment Agreement
    with   David   M. 
     Seeberger*    

10.10   
      Service Agreement
    for   offices   at 
     9101   LGJ   Freeway, 
     Suite   200,   Dallas, 
     TX*    

10.11   
      Exclusive Distributorship
    Agreement with EpicGroup One, LLC*    

10.12  
      Distributorship Agreement
    with M S Up North Distributing (Colorado) *    

10.13  
      Distributorship Agreement
    with M S Up North Distributing (Iowa) *    

10.14  
      Distributorship Agreement
    with M S Up North Distributing (Wisconsin) *    

10.15  
      Distributorship Agreement
    with North Texas Mountain Valley Water Corporation*    

10.16  
      Distributorship Agreement
    with Dr. Pepper-Royal Crown Bottling Company*    

10.17  
      Distributorship Agreement
    with Vega Bros. Sales and Distribution, LLC*    

10.18  
      Product Consulting
    Agreement with MBA Beverage Group, Inc. *    

10.19   
      Sales Brokerage Services
    Agreement with Function Brands, LLC*    

10.20  
      Exclusive Manufacture
    and Supply Agreement with Rodney Peterson*    

10.21  
      Engagement Letter
    with Carter, Terry, and Co. *    

10.22  
      Statement of Work
    and Work Order with Upstart Food Brands*    

10.23  
       Distribution
    Agreement with North Texas Mountain Valley Water Corporation ***  

10.24  
       Distribution
    Agreement with North Texas Mountain Valley Water Corporation ***  

10.25  
       Water Purchase
    Agreement  ***  

10.26  
       Operating and
    Management Agreement ***  

10.27  
       Membership Interest
    Purchase Agreement ***  

21.1  
      List of Subsidiaries*

*
Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form 10 filed June 22, 2016.  

  ** Incorporated by
reference to Amended Registration Statement on Form 10 filed August 3, 2016.  

  ***  Incorporated
by reference to Amended Registration Statement on Form 10 filed September 29, 2016.  

#  Pursuant
to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed  furnished  and not  filed  or
part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, or deemed  furnished 
and not  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject
to liability under these sections.  

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES  

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.  

  Rock
Mountain High Brands, Inc.  

  By:
 /s/ Michael Welch    
 Michael Welch  
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 October 4, , 2016  

  In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:  

By:
 /s/ Michael Welch    
 Michael Welch  
 President and Chief Executive Officer  
 October 4, 2016  

By:
/ s/ Jens Mielke    
 Jens Mielke  
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting  

  Officer  
 October 4, 2016  

By:
 /s/ Jerry Grisaffi   

  Jerry
Grisaffi, Chairman of the Board and Director  
 October 4, 2016  

By:
 /s/ Charles Smith   

  Charles
Smith, Chief Operating Officer and Director  
 October 4, 2016  

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm
 SECTION 302

EXHIBIT
31.1    

   SECTION
302   

   CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

I,
Michael Welch, certify that:  

1.       I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc.;  

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)                
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

  (b)                
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

  (c)                
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

  (d)                
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)                
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)                
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
October 4, 2016  

By
Michael Welch   

  Michael
Welch, President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm
 SECTION 302

EXHIBIT 31.2    

   SECTION 302   

   CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   

I, Jens Mielke, certify that:  

1.       I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc.;  

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)                
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

  (b)                
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

  (c)                 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and  

  (d)                 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and  

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)                 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and  

(b)                 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 4, 2016  

By: Jens Mielke   

  Jens Mielke, Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

EXHIBIT
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,   

   AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Annual Report
of Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending June 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael Welch, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(1)    the Report fully complies with
                                         the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)    the information contained in the
                                         Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
                                         of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Michael Welch  

Michael Welch  

  Chief Executive Officer  

  October 4, 2016  

This certification accompanies this
Report pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by Registrant for the purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This
certification shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of this Report), irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing.  

A signed original of this written
statement required by  906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

EXHIBIT
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,   

   AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the Annual Report
of Rocky Mountain High Brands, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending June 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jens Mielke, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(1)    the Report fully complies with
                                         the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)    the information contained in the
                                         Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
                                         of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Jens Mielke   

  Jens Mielke  

  Chief Financial Officer, Principal
Accounting Officer  

  October 4, 2016  

This certification accompanies this
Report pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by Registrant for the purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This
certification shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of this Report), irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing.  

A signed original of this written
statement required by  906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 rmhb-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rmhb-20151231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 rmhb-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rmhb-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rmhb-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rmhb-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

