<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1275101_0001193125-16-767148_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9997931</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>109546</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>335731</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2799151</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4523597</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1837920</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-767148.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114092713
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-767148
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001275101
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				200500300
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35402
		FILM NUMBER:		161991191

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 1200
		CITY:			LYNCHBURG
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24505
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4348462000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-767148.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 d292632d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       Form 10-Q
            
  Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)   
  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   
  For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016   
         
   BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.    
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)        
        
     (434) 846-2000    
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.       Yes       No    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).       Yes       No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).       Yes       No     APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS
    State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 4,378,436 shares of
Common Stock, par value $2.14 per share, were outstanding at November 14, 2016.      

Table of Contents  

     Table of Contents   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

1 

Item 1.    
    
   Consolidated Financial Statements   

1 

Item 2.    
    
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

31 

Item 3.    
    
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

50 

Item 4.    
    
   Controls and Procedures   

50 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

51 

Item 1.    
    
   Legal Proceedings   

51 

Item 1A.    
    
   Risk Factors   

51 

Item 2.    
    
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

51 

Item 3.    
    
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

51 

Item 4.    
    
   Mine Safety Disclosures   

51 

Item 5.    
    
   Other Information   

51 

Item 6.    
    
   Exhibits   

51 

SIGNATURES   

52 

Table of Contents  

     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements   
  Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Balance Sheets      (dollar amounts in
thousands, except per share amounts) (2016 unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements  
      1  

Table of Contents  

   Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Income      (dollar amounts in
thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income      For
the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015      (dollar amounts in thousands) (unaudited)   

(1) 
 Gains are included in  gain on sales of available-for-sale securities, net  on the consolidated statements of income.    

(2) 
 The tax effect on these reclassifications is reflected in  income tax expense  on the consolidated statements of income.    
 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows      Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015      (dollar amounts in thousands) (unaudited)   
   
   See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries   
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity   
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
  Note 1   Basis of Presentation     The unaudited
consolidated financial statements have been prepared by Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. ( Financial  or the  Company ) pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. In management s
opinion the accompanying financial statements, which unless otherwise noted are unaudited, reflect all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring accruals, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial information as of
September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Additional information concerning the organization and
business of Financial, accounting policies followed, and other related information is contained in Financial s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with
the audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in Financial s Annual Report on Form 10-K. Results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.    The Company s primary market area consists of
the area commonly referred to as Region 2000 which encompasses the seven jurisdictions of the Town of Altavista, Amherst County, Appomattox County, the Town of Bedford, Bedford County, Campbell County, and the City of Lynchburg. Recently, the
Company has expanded into Charlottesville, Roanoke, and Harrisonburg.    Financial s critical accounting policy relates to the evaluation of the
allowance for loan losses which is based on management s estimate of an amount that is adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio of Bank of the James (the  Bank ), Financial s wholly-owned subsidiary. The
allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan loss based on available information including the composition of the loan portfolio, historical loan losses, specific impaired loans, availability and quality of collateral, age
of the various portfolios, changes in local economic conditions, and loan performance and quality of the portfolio. Different assumptions used in evaluating the adequacy of the Bank s allowance for loan losses could result in material changes
in Financial s financial condition and results of operations. The Bank s policies with respect to the methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses involve a higher degree of complexity and require management to make subjective
judgments that often require assumptions or estimates about uncertain matters. These critical policies and their assumptions are periodically reviewed with the Board of Directors.  
  Note 2   Use of Estimates     The consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.     Note 3   Earnings Per Common Share (EPS)   
 Currently, only the option shares granted to certain officers and other employees of Financial pursuant to the Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan of 1999
Financial (the  1999 Plan ) are considered in calculating diluted earnings per share. The following is a summary of the earnings per share calculation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

Note 3   Earnings Per Common Share (EPS) (continued)   

The following table sets forth the option shares that were not included in calculating the diluted earnings because their
effect was anti-dilutive:      
   The foregoing shares were anti-dilutive because the exercise price of the options was greater than the market price on
September 30, 2016 and 2015.     Note 4   Stock Based Compensation   
 Accounting standards require companies to recognize the cost of employee services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments, such as stock options
and restricted stock, based on the fair value of those awards at the date of grant.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

Note 4   Stock Based Compensation (continued)   
   
  Stock option plan activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is summarized below:  
   
   Intrinsic value is calculated by subtracting the exercise price of option shares from the market price of underlying shares as
of September 30, 2016 and multiplying that amount by the number of options outstanding. No intrinsic value exists where the exercise price is greater than the market price on a given date.  
 All compensation expense related to the foregoing stock option plan has been recognized. The Company s ability to grant additional options shares under
the 1999 Plan has expired.     Note 5   Fair Value Measurements   
  Determination of Fair Value     The Company uses fair value
measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. In accordance with the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures topic of FASB ASC, the fair value of a financial instrument is
the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is best determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many
instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s various financial instruments. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. Those
techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument.  
 The fair value guidance provides a consistent definition of fair value, which focuses on exit price in an orderly transaction (that is, not a forced
liquidation or distressed sale) between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. If there has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for the asset or liability, a change in valuation
technique or the use of multiple valuation techniques may be appropriate. In such instances, determining the price at which willing market participants would transact at the measurement date under current market conditions depends on the facts and
circumstances and requires the use of significant judgment. The fair value is a reasonable point within the range that is most representative of fair value under current market conditions.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Fair Value Measurements (continued)   
   
   Fair Value Hierarchy   
 In accordance with this guidance, the Company groups its financial assets and financial liabilities generally measured at fair value in three levels, based on
the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value.      

Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.        

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for
substantially the full term of the financial instrument.        

Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.    
 Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such
instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy:    Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  
  Securities Available-for-Sale     Fair values of securities,
excluding restricted investments in Federal Reserve Bank stock, Federal Home Loan Bank stock, and Community Bankers  Bank stock are based on quoted prices available in an active market. If quoted prices are available, these securities are
classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Level 1 securities would include highly liquid government bonds, mortgage products and exchange traded equities. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using
pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, or discounted cash flow.    Level 2 securities would include U.S. agency
securities, mortgage-backed agency securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions and certain corporate, asset backed and other securities. In certain cases where there is limited activity or less transparency around inputs to the
valuation, securities are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. Currently, all of the Company s securities are considered to be Level 2 securities.  
 The following table summarizes the Company s financial assets that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis during the period.  
 Restricted securities noted above are classified as such because their ownership is restricted to certain types of entities and there is no established market
for their resale. When the stock is repurchased, the shares are repurchased at the stock s book value; therefore, the carrying amount of restricted securities approximate fair value. Restricted securities are considered to be Level 2.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Fair Value Measurements (continued)   

Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis  
  Impaired loans     Loans are designated as impaired when, in
the judgment of management based on current information and events, it is probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected when due. The measurement of loss associated with impaired loans
can be based on either the observable market price of the loan or the fair value of the collateral. Fair value is measured based on the value of the collateral securing the loans. Collateral may be in the form of real estate or business assets
including equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable. The vast majority of the collateral is real estate. The value of real estate collateral is determined utilizing an income or market valuation approach based on an appraisal conducted by an
independent, licensed appraiser outside of the Bank using observable market data (Level 2). However, if the collateral is a house or building in the process of construction or if an appraisal of the real estate property is over one year old, then
the fair value is considered Level 3. The value of business equipment is based upon an outside appraisal if deemed significant, or the net book value on the applicable business  financial statements if not considered significant using
observable market data. Likewise, values for inventory and accounts receivables collateral are based on financial statement balances or aging reports (Level 3). Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for loan
losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Fair Value Measurements (continued)   
   
   Loans held for sale   
 Loans held for sale are carried at cost which approximates estimated fair value. These loans currently consist of one-to-four family residential loans
originated for sale in the secondary market. Fair value is based on the price secondary markets are currently offering for similar loans using observable market data which is not materially different than cost due to the short duration between
origination and sale (Level 2). As such, the Company records fair value adjustments on a nonrecurring basis. No nonrecurring fair value adjustments were recorded on loans held for sale during the period ended September 30, 2016. Gains and
losses on the sale of loans are recorded within gains on sales of loans held for sale, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income.     Other real estate
owned     Certain assets such as other real estate owned (OREO) are measured at fair value less cost to sell. We believe that the fair value component in
its valuation follows the provisions of ASC 820.    Real estate acquired through foreclosure is transferred to OREO. The measurement of loss associated with
OREO is based on the fair value of the collateral compared to the unpaid loan balance and anticipated costs to sell the property. The value of OREO collateral is determined utilizing an income or market valuation approach based on an appraisal
conducted by an independent, licensed appraiser outside of the Bank using observable market data.    Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period
incurred and expensed against current earnings. The carrying values of all OREO properties are considered to be Level 3.    The following table summarizes
the Company s impaired loans, loans held for sale, and OREO measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the period (in thousands).      

* 
 Includes loans charged down to the net realizable value of the collateral.        

* 
 Includes loans charged down to the net realizable value of the collateral.    
      11  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Fair Value Measurements (continued)   
   
  The following table sets forth information regarding the quantitative inputs used to value assets classified
as Level 3:      

Quantitative information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements for September 30, 2016  (dollars in thousands)   

Fair Value 

Valuation Technique(s)  
    
   Unobservable Input  
    
   Range (Weighted Average)   

Assets  

Impaired loans  
    
 $ 
 2,540 

Discounted appraised value  
    
   Selling cost  
    
  5% - 10% (6%)   

Discount for lack of marketability and age of appraisal  
    
  0% - 25% (15%)   
 
   OREO  

2,370 

Discounted appraised value  
    
   Selling cost  
    
 5% - 10% (6%)  

Discount for lack of marketability and age of appraisal  
    
  0% - 25% (15%)   

Quantitative information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements for December 31, 2015  (dollars in thousands)   

Fair Value 

Valuation Technique(s)  
    
   Unobservable Input  
    
   Range (Weighted Average)   

Assets  

Impaired loans  
    
 $ 
 2,896 

Discounted appraised value  
    
   Selling cost  
    
 5% - 10% (6%)  

Discount for lack of marketability and age of appraisal  
    
  0% - 45% (15%)   
 
   OREO  

1,965 

Discounted appraised value  
    
   Selling cost  
    
 5% - 10% (6%)  

Discount for lack of marketability and age of appraisal  
    
  0% - 25% (15%)   
    Financial Instruments   
  Cash, cash equivalents and Federal Funds sold     The
carrying amounts of cash and short-term instruments approximate fair values.     Loans   
 For variable-rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. Fair values for
certain fixed rate loans are based on quoted market prices of similar loans adjusted for differences in loan characteristics. Fair values for other loans such as commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans are estimated using
discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. Fair values of impaired loans are estimated as described above. The carrying values of all loans are
considered to be Level 3.     Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI)   
 The carrying amount approximates fair value. The carrying values of all BOLI is considered to be Level 2.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Fair Value Measurements (continued)   
   
   Deposits   
 Fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., interest and noninterest checking, savings, and money market accounts) are, by definition, equal to the amount
payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts). Fair values for fixed rate certificates of deposit are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a
schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. The carrying values of all deposits are considered to be Level 2.     FHLB borrowings
    The fair value of FHLB borrowings is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis based on the rates currently offered for borrowings of similar
remaining maturities and collateral requirements. The carrying values of all FHLB borrowings are considered to be Level 2.     Short-term borrowings
    The carrying amounts of federal funds purchased, borrowings under repurchase agreements, and other short-term borrowings maturing within ninety days
approximate fair value. The carrying values of all short term borrowings are considered to be Level 2.     Capital notes   
 Fair values of capital notes are based on market prices for debt securities having similar maturity and interest rate characteristics. The carrying values of
all capital notes are considered to be Level 2.     Accrued interest   
 The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value. The carrying values of all accrued interest is considered to be Level 2.  
  Off-balance sheet credit-related instruments     Fair values
for off-balance sheet, credit-related financial instruments are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties  credit standing. Fair value of
off-balance sheet credit-related instruments were deemed to be immaterial at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and therefore are not included in the table below.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Fair Value Measurements (continued)   
   
  The estimated fair values, and related carrying or notional amounts, of Financial s financial
instruments are as follows (in thousands):      

14  

Table of Contents  

Note 5   Fair Value Measurements (continued)   
   
  Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and
information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time Financial s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because no market exists
for a significant portion of Financial s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments and other
factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment, and therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.  
 Fair value estimates are based on existing on-balance-sheet and off-balance-sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of
anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. Significant assets that are not considered financial assets include deferred income taxes and bank premises and equipment; a
significant liability that is not considered a financial liability is accrued post-retirement benefits. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value
estimates and have not been considered in the estimates.    Financial assumes interest rate risk (the risk that general interest rate levels will change) as
a result of its normal operations. As a result, the fair values of Financial s financial instruments will change when interest rate levels change, and that change may be either favorable or unfavorable to Financial. Management attempts to match
maturities of assets and liabilities to the extent believed necessary to minimize interest rate risk. However, borrowers with fixed rate obligations are less likely to prepay in a rising rate environment and more likely to prepay in a falling rate
environment. Conversely, depositors who are receiving fixed rates are more likely to withdraw funds before maturity in a rising rate environment and less likely to do so in a falling rate environment.  
 Management monitors rates and maturities of assets and liabilities and attempts to minimize interest rate risk by adjusting terms of new loans and deposits
and by investing in securities with terms that mitigate Financial s overall interest rate risk.     Note 6   Capital Notes   
 As of December 31, 2015, Financial had $10,000,000 categorized as  Capital Notes  which represents the proceeds of the private placement of
$10,000,000 in unregistered debt securities as previously disclosed (the  2012 Notes ). The 2012 Notes bore interest at the rate of 6% per year with interest payable quarterly in arrears. On December 3, 2015, Financial closed a
private placement of common stock pursuant to which it received gross proceeds of $11,520,000 by selling an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of Financials  Common Stock at a price of $11.52 per share, as part of a private placement (the
 Common Stock Private Placement ). Financial used $10,000,000 of the proceeds from the Common Stock Private Placement to prepay in full the 2012 Notes on January 5, 2016.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

   Note 7   Securities   
 The following tables summarize the Bank s holdings for both securities held-to-maturity and securities available-for-sale as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 (amounts in thousands):      

16  

Table of Contents  

Note 7   Securities (continued)   
   
  The following tables show the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Bank s investments with
unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 (amounts in thousands):      
     
   Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and may do so more
frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Consideration is given to (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of
the issuer, (3) the intent of Financial, if any, to sell the security; (4) whether Financial more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovering its cost; and (5) whether Financial does not expect to recover
the security s entire amortized cost basis (even if Financial does not intend to sell the security).    At September 30, 2016, the Company did not
consider the unrealized losses as other-than-temporary losses due to the nature of the securities involved. As of September 30, 2016, the Bank owned 18 securities that were being evaluated for other than temporary impairment. Six of these
securities were S P rated AAA, 11 were rated AA and one was rated A. As of September 30, ten of these securities were direct obligations of the U.S. government or government sponsored entities, six were municipal issues, and two were
investments in domestic corporate issued securities.    Based on the analysis performed by management as mandated by the Bank s investment policy,
management believes the default risk to be minimal. Because the Bank expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis, no declines currently are deemed to be other-than-temporary.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

   Note 8   Business Segments   
 The Company has two reportable business segments: (i) a traditional full service community banking segment and, (ii) a mortgage loan origination
business. The community banking business segment includes Bank of the James which provides loans, deposits, investments and insurance to retail and commercial customers throughout Region 2000 and other areas within Central Virginia. The mortgage
segment provides a variety of mortgage loan products principally within Region 2000. Mortgage loans are originated and sold in the secondary market through purchase commitments from investors with servicing released. Because of the pre-arranged
purchase commitments, there is minimal risk to the Company.    Both of the Company s reportable segments are service based. The mortgage business is a
gain on sale business while the Bank s primary source of revenue is net interest income. The Bank also provides a referral network for the mortgage origination business. The mortgage business may also be in a position to refer its customers to
the Bank for banking services when appropriate.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

Note 8   Business Segments (continued)   
   
  Information about reportable business segments and reconciliation of such information to the consolidated
financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (dollars in thousands):     Business Segments

19  

Table of Contents  

   Note 9   Loans, allowance for loan losses and OREO   
 Management has an established methodology used to determine the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses that assesses the risks and losses inherent in the
loan portfolio. For purposes of determining the allowance for loan losses, the Bank has segmented certain loans in the portfolio by product type. Within these segments, the Bank has sub-segmented its portfolio into classes, based on the associated
risks. The classifications set forth below do not correspond directly to the classifications set forth in the call report (Form FFIEC 041). Management has determined that the classifications set forth below are more appropriate for use in
identifying and managing risk in the loan portfolio.      

Loan Segments: 
    
 Loan Classes:  

Commercial  
    
   Commercial and industrial loans   

Commercial real estate  
    
   Commercial mortgages   owner occupied   

Commercial mortgages   non-owner occupied   

Commercial construction   

Consumer  
    
   Consumer unsecured   

Consumer secured   

Residential  
    
   Residential mortgages   

Residential consumer construction   
   A summary of loans, net is as follows (dollars in thousands):  

The Bank s internal risk rating system is in
place to grade commercial and commercial real estate loans. Category ratings are reviewed periodically by lenders and the credit review area of the Bank based on the borrower s individual situation. Additionally, internal and external
monitoring and review of credits are conducted on an annual basis.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

Note 9   Loans, allowance for loan losses and OREO (continued)   
   
  Below is a summary and definition of the Bank s risk rating categories:  

RATING 1  
    
 Excellent 

RATING 2  
    
 Above Average 

RATING 3  
    
 Satisfactory 

RATING 4  
    
 Acceptable / Low Satisfactory 

RATING 5  
    
 Monitor 

RATING 6  
    
 Special Mention 

RATING 7  
    
 Substandard 

RATING 8  
    
 Doubtful 

RATING 9  
    
 Loss 

We segregate loans into the above categories based on the following criteria and we review the characteristics of each rating
at least annually, generally during the first quarter. The characteristics of these ratings are as follows:      

Pass.  These are loans having risk ratings of 1 through 4. Pass loans are to persons or business entities with an acceptable financial condition, appropriate collateral margins, appropriate cash flow to
service the existing loan, and an appropriate leverage ratio. The borrower has paid all obligations as agreed and it is expected that this type of payment history will continue. When necessary, acceptable personal guarantors support the loan.

Monitor.  These are loans having a risk rating of 5. Monitor loans have currently acceptable risk but may have the potential for a specific defined weakness in the borrower s operations and the
borrower s ability to generate positive cash flow on a sustained basis. The borrower s recent payment history may currently or in the future be characterized by late payments. The Bank s risk exposure is mitigated by collateral
supporting the loan. The collateral is considered to be well-margined, well maintained, accessible and readily marketable.        

Special Mention.  These are loans having a risk rating of 6. Special Mention loans have weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in
deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the bank s credit position at some future date. Special Mention loans are not adversely classified and do not expose an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse
classification. These loans do warrant more than routine monitoring due to a weakness caused by adverse events.        

Substandard.  These are loans having a risk rating of 7. Substandard loans are considered to have specific and well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize the viability of the Bank s credit extension. The
payment history for the loan has been inconsistent and the expected or projected primary repayment source may be inadequate to service the loan. The estimated net liquidation value of the collateral pledged and/or ability of the personal
guarantor(s) to pay the loan may not adequately protect the Bank. There is a distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies associated with the loan are not corrected in the near term. A substandard loan would not
automatically meet our definition of impaired unless the loan is significantly past due and the borrower s performance and financial condition provides evidence that it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due.

Doubtful.  These are loans having a risk rating of 8. Doubtful rated loans have all the weaknesses inherent in a loan that is classified substandard but with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make
collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. The possibility of loss is extremely high.    

Loss.  These are loans having a risk rating of 9. Loss rated loans are not considered collectible under normal circumstances and there is no realistic expectation for any future payment on the loan. Loss
rated loans are fully charged off.    
      21  

Table of Contents  

Note 9   Loans, allowance for loan losses and OREO (continued)   
   
  Loans on Non-Accrual Status  
 ( dollars in thousands )      
   We also classify other real estate owned (OREO) as a nonperforming asset. OREO represents real property owned
by the Bank either through purchase at foreclosure or received from the borrower through a deed in lieu of foreclosure. OREO increased to $2,370,000 on September 30, 2016 from $1,965,000 on December 31, 2015. The following table represents
the changes in OREO balance during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015.    OREO Changes  
 ( dollars in thousands )      
   At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no consumer mortgage loan secured by residential real
estate for which foreclosure was in process. The Company held one residential real estate property in other real estate owned as of September 30, 2016 and no residential real estate property in other real estate owned as of December 31,
2015.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

Note 9   Loans, allowance for loan losses and OREO (continued)   

23  

Table of Contents  

Note 9   Loans, allowance for loan losses and OREO (continued)   

24  

Table of Contents  

Note 9   Loans, allowance for loan losses and OREO (continued)   

25  

Table of Contents  

Note 9   Loans, allowance for loan losses and OREO (continued)   

26  

Table of Contents  

Note 9   Loans, allowance for loan losses and OREO (continued)   

27  

Table of Contents  

Note 9   Loans, allowance for loan losses and OREO (continued)   

28  

Table of Contents  

Note 9   Loans, allowance for loan losses and OREO (continued)   
   
  There were no loan modifications that would have been classified as TDRs during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016.    There were no loan modifications that would have been classified as TDRs during the three months ended September 30,
2015    The following table describe the loan modifications classified as TDRs during the nine months ended September 30, 2015:  

For the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2015      (dollars in thousands)    

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 During the Period  
    
 Number of Contracts 

Pre-Modification  Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Post-Modification  Outstanding Recorded Investment 

Commercial  

1 

$ 
 19 

$ 
 19 

Commercial Real Estate  

2 

452 

452 
     
   The loans noted in the table above were modified during the period to extend maturity only. These loans are factored into the
determination of the allowance for loan losses as of the period indicated and are included in the Bank s impaired loan analysis and individually evaluated for impairment.  
 There were no loan modifications classified as TDRs within the last twelve months that defaulted during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015.    At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bank had no outstanding commitments to disburse additional funds on loans
classified as TDRs.     Note 10   Recent accounting pronouncements   
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.  This update is intended to provide guidance about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to
continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management is required under the new guidance to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the
entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued when preparing financial statements for each interim and annual reporting period. If conditions or events are identified, the ASU
specifies the process that must be followed by management and also clarifies the timing and content of going concern footnote disclosures in order to reduce diversity in practice. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and
interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets
and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments in ASU 2016-01, among other things: 1) Requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. 2) Requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes. 3) Requires  
      29  

Table of Contents  

Note 10   Recent accounting pronouncements (continued)   
   
  separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of
financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables). 4) Eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for
financial instruments measured at amortized cost. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently
assessing the impact that ASU 2016-01 will have on its consolidated financial statements.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  Among other things, in the amendments in ASU 2016-02, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (1) A lease liability,
which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (2) A right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified
asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating
leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the
financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition
approach. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements.    During March 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.  The amendments in this ASU clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative
instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria remain intact. The amendments are effective for public
business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not
expect the adoption of ASU 2016-05 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-07,  Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting.  The amendments in this ASU eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for
use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the
equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the
investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive
adjustment of the investment is required. In addition, the amendments in this ASU require that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings the
unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method. The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method.
Early Adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-07 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

Note 10   Recent accounting pronouncements (continued)   
   
  During March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Improvements to Employee Shares-Based Payment Accounting.  The amendments in this ASU simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including: (a) income tax consequences;
(b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments are effective for public companies for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements.  
 During June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments.  The amendments in this ASU, among other things, require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and
supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the
inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for SEC filers for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-13 will have on its
consolidated financial statements.    During August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of
Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments , to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. If retrospective application is impractical for some of
the issues addressed by the update, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not expect the adoption of
ASU 2016-15 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.      

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
  CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This report contains statements that constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words  believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend, 
 anticipate,   plan  and similar expressions and variations thereof identify certain of such forward-looking statements which speak only as of the dates on which they were made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or
revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Readers are cautioned that any such forward- 
      31  

Table of Contents  

looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: economic conditions (both generally and more specifically in
the markets in which we operate); competition for our customers from other providers of financial services; government legislation and regulation relating to the banking industry (which changes from time to time and over which we have no control)
including but not limited to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; changes in the value of real estate securing loans made by the Bank; changes in interest rates; and material unforeseen changes in the liquidity, results of
operations, or financial condition of our customers. Other risks, uncertainties and factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make.  
  GENERAL      Critical
Accounting Policies     Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. s ( Financial ) financial statements are prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). The financial information contained within our statements is, to a significant extent, based on measures of the financial effects of transactions and events that
have already occurred. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset or relieving a liability. We use historical loss ratios as one factor in determining
the inherent loss that may be present in our loan portfolio. Actual losses could differ significantly from the historical factors that we use in estimating risk. In addition, GAAP itself may change from one previously acceptable method to another
method. Although the economics of our transactions would be the same, the timing of events that would impact our transactions could change.  
 The allowance for loan losses is management s estimate of an amount that is adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in the loan
portfolio. The allowance is based on two basic principles of accounting: (i) ASC 450  Contingencies , which requires that losses be accrued when they are probable of occurring and are reasonably estimable and (ii) ASC 310
 Impairment of a Loan , which requires that losses on impaired loans be accrued based on the differences between the value of collateral, present value of future cash flows or values that are observable in the secondary market and the loan
balance. Guidelines for determining allowances for loan losses are also provided in the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 102    Selected Loan Loss Allowance Methodology and Documentation Issues  and the Federal
Financial Institutions Examination Council s interagency guidance,  Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses  (the  FFIEC Policy Statement ). See  Management Discussion and Analysis
Results of Operations   Allowance for Loan Losses and Loan Loss Reserve  below for further discussion of the allowance for loan losses.  
  Overview     Financial is a
bank holding company headquartered in Lynchburg, Virginia. Our primary business is retail banking which we conduct through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Bank of the James (which we refer to as the  Bank ). We conduct three other business
activities: mortgage banking through the Bank s Mortgage division (which we refer to as  Mortgage division ), investment services through the Bank s Investment division (which we refer to as  Investment division ), and
insurance activities through BOTJ Insurance, Inc., a subsidiary of the Bank, (which we refer to as  Insurance business ). Of these three other business activities, only the Mortgage division is material to the Bank s results and
operations.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  The Bank is a Virginia banking corporation headquartered in Lynchburg, Virginia. The Bank was
incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia as a state chartered bank in 1998 and began banking operations in July 1999. The Bank was organized to engage in general retail and commercial banking business. The Bank is a
community-oriented financial institution that provides varied banking services to individuals, small and medium-sized businesses, and professional concerns. Historically, our primary market area has been the Central Virginia, Region 2000 area, which
encompasses the seven jurisdictions of the Town of Altavista, Amherst County, Appomattox County, the Town of Bedford, Bedford County, Campbell County, and the City of Lynchburg. Within the past three years, the Bank has begun to expand to other
areas in Virginia, specifically Roanoke, Charlottesville, and Harrisonburg. The Bank strives to provide its customers with products comparable to statewide regional banks located in its market area, while maintaining the prompt response time and
level of service of a community bank. Management believes this operating strategy has particular appeal in the Bank s market areas.  
 The Bank s principal office is located at 828 Main Street, Lynchburg, Virginia 24504 and its telephone number is (434) 846-2000. The
Bank also maintains a website at www.bankofthejames.bank.    Our operating results depend primarily upon the Bank s net interest
income, which is determined by the difference between (i) interest and dividend income on earning assets, which consist primarily of loans, investment securities and other investments, and (ii) interest expense on interest-bearing
liabilities, which consist principally of deposits and other borrowings. The Bank s net income also is affected by its provision for loan losses, as well as the level of its non-interest income, including loan fees and service charges, and its
non-interest expenses, including salaries and employee benefits, occupancy expense, data processing expenses, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation premiums, expense in complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, miscellaneous other expenses,
franchise taxes, and income taxes.    The Bank intends to enhance its profitability by increasing its market share in our service areas,
providing additional services to its customers, and controlling costs.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  The Bank services its banking customers through the following locations in Virginia:  
  Full Service Branches       

The main office located at 828 Main Street in Lynchburg (the  Main Street Office ),        

A branch located at 615 Church Street in Lynchburg (the  Church Street Branch ),        

A branch located at 5204 Fort Avenue in Lynchburg (the  Fort Avenue Branch ),        

A branch located at 4698 South Amherst Highway in Amherst County (the  Madison Heights Branch ),        

A branch located at 17000 Forest Road in Forest (the  Forest Branch ),        

A branch located at 4935 Boonsboro Road, Suites C and D in Lynchburg (the  Boonsboro Branch ),        

A branch located at 164 South Main Street, Amherst, Virginia (the  Amherst Branch ),        

A branch located at 1405 Ole Dominion Boulevard in the Town of Bedford, Virginia, located off of Independence Boulevard (the  Bedford Branch ),    

A branch located at 1110 Main Street, Altavista, Virginia (the  Altavista Branch ), and        

A branch located at 1391 South High Street, Harrisonburg, VA (the  Harrisonburg Branch ).        

A branch located at 180 Old Courthouse Rd, Appomattox, VA (the  Appomattox Branch )       Limited
Service Branches       

Westminster-Canterbury facilities located at 501 VES Road, Lynchburg, Virginia,        

Westminster-Canterbury facilities located at 250 Pantops Mountain Road, Charlottesville, Virginia,        

Luxor Office Park LLC, 1430 Rolkin Court Suite 203, Charlottesville, Virginia (the  Charlottesville Branch ).    
  Loan Production Offices       

Residential mortgage loan production office located at the Forest Branch,        

Commercial loan and residential mortgage loan production office located at 3959 Electric Road SW, Suite 280, Roanoke, Virginia,        

Commercial and consumer loan production office located at the Charlottesville Branch.    
      34  

Table of Contents  

  The Investment division and the Insurance business operate primarily out of offices located at
the Church Street Branch.    The Bank continuously evaluates areas located within our service areas to identify additional viable branch
locations. Based on this ongoing evaluation, the Bank may acquire one or more additional suitable sites.    Subject to regulatory approval,
the Bank anticipates opening additional branches during the next two fiscal years. Although numerous factors could influence the Bank s expansion plans, the following discussion provides a general overview of the additional branch locations
that the Bank currently is considering, including the following properties that we own and are holding for expansion:      

Real property located in the Timberlake Road area of Campbell County (Lynchburg), Virginia . The Timberlake property is not suitable for its intended use as a branch bank. Management anticipates that it will be
necessary to raze the current structures and replace it with appropriate new construction.        

Real property located at 5 Village Highway (near the intersection of Routes 501 and 24) in Rustburg, Virginia . The structure on the property has been demolished and removed. The Bank does not anticipate opening a
branch at this location prior to 2017.        

Real property located near the intersection of Confederate Boulevard and Moses Avenue in Appomattox, Virginia . There is no structure on the property. The bank is considering opening a temporary full-service
branch while it builds a permanent facility. The Bank does not anticipate opening the temporary branch at this location prior to the fourth quarter of 2016.        

Real property located at 45 South Main Street, Lexington, Virginia . The bank does not anticipate opening a branch at this location prior to the second quarter of 2017.    
 The Bank estimates that the cost of improvements, furniture, fixtures, and equipment necessary to upfit each property will be between $900,000
and $1,500,000 per location.    In addition, the Bank determined that a portion of real property located on Route 460 (Bedford County) is
suitable for branch expansion and has reclassified the property accordingly.    Although the Bank cannot predict with certainty the
financial impact of each new branch, management generally anticipates that each new branch will become profitable within 12 to 18 months of operation.  
 Except as set forth herein, the Bank does not expect to purchase any significant property or equipment in the upcoming 12 months. Future
branch openings are subject to regulatory approval.     OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 The Bank is a party to various financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs
of our customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Such commitments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the
balance sheets and could impact the overall liquidity and capital resources to the extent customers accept and/or use these commitments.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  The Bank s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the
financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does
for on-balance sheet instruments. A summary of the Bank s commitments is as follows:      
   Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any
condition established in the contract. Because many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed
necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on the Bank s credit evaluation of the customer.    Standby letters of credit
are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those letters of credit are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing
letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on the Bank s credit evaluation of the customer.
   The Bank has rate lock commitments to originate mortgage loans through its Mortgage Division. The Bank has entered into corresponding
commitments with third party investors to sell each of these loans that close. No other obligation exists. As a result of these contractual relationships with these investors, the Bank is not exposed to losses nor will it realize gains related to
its rate lock commitments due to changes in interest rates.     SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 The following discussion represents management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition of Financial as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 and the results of operations of Financial for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included elsewhere
herein.    All financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.     Financial Condition Summary   
  September 30, 2016 as Compared to December 31, 2015   
 Total assets were $559,952,000 on September 30, 2016 compared with $527,143,000 at December 31, 2015, an increase of 6.22%. The
increase in total assets was due to an increase in deposits which were used to fund loan growth for the nine months of 2016. On January 5, 2016, the Company retired $10,000,000 in capital notes issued by the Company in 2012, which offset the
increase in deposits as of September 30, 2016 from December 31, 2015.    Total deposits increased from $467,610,000 as of
December 31, 2015 to $507,397,000 on September 30, 2016, an increase of 8.51%. The increase resulted from an increase in each of our deposit categories. In particular, noninterest bearing demand deposits increased from $91,325,000 on
December 31, 2015 to $102,547,000 on September 30, 2016 and time deposits increased from $143,421,000 on December 31, 2015 to $163,965,000 on September 30, 2016.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  Total loans, excluding loans held for sale, increased to $462,089,000 on September 30, 2016
from $435,128,000 on December 31, 2015. Loans, excluding loans held for sale and net of deferred fees and costs and the allowance for loan losses, increased to $457,136,000 on September 30, 2016 from $430,445,000 on December 31, 2015,
an increase of 6.20%. The following summarizes the position of the Bank s loan portfolio as of the dates indicated by dollar amount and percentages (dollar amounts in thousands):  
   
   Total nonperforming assets, which consist of non-accrual loans, loans past due 90 days or more and still
accruing, and other real estate owned ( OREO ) decreased to $4,805,000 on September 30, 2016 from $5,371,000 on December 31, 2015. OREO increased to $2,370,000 on September 30, 2016 from $1,965,000 on December 31, 2015.
This increase was due to the Bank s foreclosure on four properties in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (two properties in the first quarter and two properties in the second quarter) on real estate that secured loans then classified
as non-performing. Following the foreclosure and subsequent re-categorization, non-performing loans decreased from $3,406,000 at December 31, 2015 to $2,435,000 at September 30, 2016. As discussed in more detail below under  Results
of Operations   Allowance for Loan Losses,  management had provided for the anticipated losses on these loans in the allowance for loan losses. If interest on non-accrual loans had been accrued, such interest cumulatively would have
approximated $423,000 and $472,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Loan payments received on non-accrual loans are first applied to principal. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status there are several
negative implications. First, all interest accrued but unpaid at the time of the classification is reversed and deducted from the interest income totals for the Bank. Second, accruals of interest are discontinued until it becomes certain that both
principal and interest can be repaid. Third, there may be actual losses that necessitate additional provisions for loan losses charged against earnings. These loans were included in the non-performing loan totals listed above.  
 OREO represents real property acquired by the Bank for debts previously contracted, including through foreclosure, deeds in lieu of
foreclosure or repossession. On December 31, 2015, the Bank was carrying three OREO properties on its books at a value of $1,965,000. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Bank acquired four additional OREO properties and
disposed of one OREO property, and as of September 30, 2016 the Bank is carrying six OREO properties at a value of $2,370,000. The OREO properties are available for sale and are being actively marketed on the Bank s website and through
other means.    The Bank had loans in the amount of $457,000 at September 30, 2016 classified as performing Troubled Debt
Restructurings ( TDRs ) as compared to $646,000 at December 31, 2015. None of these TDRs were included in non-accrual loans. These loans have had their original terms modified to facilitate payment by the borrower. The loans have been
classified as TDRs primarily due to a change to interest only payments and the maturity of these modified loans is primarily less than one year.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

  Cash and cash equivalents decreased to $25,931,000 on September 30, 2016 from $28,655,000 on
December 31, 2015. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash due from correspondents, cash in vault, and overnight investments (including federal funds sold). The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was due primarily to the use of $10,000,000
from the common stock private placement to retire the Company s capital notes in the first quarter. In addition, cash and cash equivalents are subject to routine fluctuations in deposits, including fluctuations in transactional accounts and
professional settlement accounts. The increase in time deposits discussed above has been used to fund loans and investments.    Securities
held-to-maturity increased to $3,304,000 on September 30, 2016 from $2,519,000 on December 31, 2015. Following the call of a security in the amount of $500,000, the Bank reinvested the proceeds plus an additional $790,000 in another
security. Securities available-for-sale increased to $39,922,000 on September 30, 2016, from $35,996,000 on December 31, 2015. The increase resulted from the Bank s desire to build on-balance sheet liquidity and because of a slight
increase in interest rates. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Bank received $8,675,000 in proceeds from calls, maturities, and paydowns of securities available-for-sale and $19,934,000 in proceeds from the sale of securities
available-for-sale. The Bank purchased $31,576,000 in securities available-for sale during the same period.    Financial s investment
in Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHLBA) stock totaled $565,000 at September 30, 2016 and $505,000 at December 31, 2015, an increase of $60,000. This increase is attributable to the FHLBA s increase in minimum ownership
requirements. FHLBA stock is generally viewed as a long-term investment and because there is no market for the stock other than other Federal Home Loan Banks or member institutions, FHLBA stock is viewed as a restricted security. Therefore, when
evaluating FHLBA stock for impairment, its value is based on the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by recognizing temporary declines in value.  
  Liquidity and Capital     At
September 30, 2016, Financial, on a consolidated basis, had liquid assets of $65,853,000 in the form of cash, interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposits with banks, and available-for-sale investments. Of this amount, approximately
$9,529,000 of the available-for-sale securities are pledged as collateral with $4,316,000 pledged as security for public deposits and $5,213,000 pledged as security on a line of credit the Bank may draw on from time to time to meet liquidity needs.
This line of credit currently has a zero balance. Management believes that liquid assets were adequate at September 30, 2016. Management anticipates that additional liquidity will be provided by the growth in deposit accounts and loan
repayments at the Bank. In addition, if additional liquidity is needed, the Bank has the ability to purchase federal funds on the open market, borrow from the FHLBA using loans or investments within the Bank s portfolio as collateral, and to
borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank s discount window.    Management is not aware of any trends, events or uncertainties that are
reasonably likely to have a material negative impact on Financial s short-term or long-term liquidity. Based in part on recent loan growth, the Bank is monitoring liquidity to ensure it is able to fund future loans.  
 As of December 31, 2015, Financial had $10,000,000 categorized as  Capital Notes  which represents the proceeds of the private
placement of $10,000,000 in unregistered debt securities as previously disclosed (the  2012 Notes ). The 2012 Notes bore interest at the rate of 6% per year with interest payable quarterly in arrears. On December 3, 2015,
Financial closed a private placement of common stock pursuant to which it received gross proceeds of $11,520,000 by selling an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of Financials  Common Stock at a price of $11.52 per share, as part of a private
placement (the  Common Stock Private Placement ). Financial used $10,000,000 of the proceeds from the Common Stock Private Placement to prepay in full the 2012 Notes on January 5, 2016.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016, the Bank had a leverage ratio of approximately 9.14%, a Tier 1
risk-based capital ratio and a CET1 ratio of approximately 10.65% and a total risk-based capital ratio of approximately 11.69%. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the Bank s regulatory capital levels exceeded those
established for well-capitalized institutions. The following table sets forth the minimum capital requirements and the Bank s capital position as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  
  Bank Level Only Capital Ratios       
     
   The above tables set forth the capital position and analysis for the Bank only. Because total assets on a
consolidated basis are less than $1,000,000,000, Financial is not subject to the consolidated capital requirements imposed by the Bank Holding Company Act. Consequently, Financial does not calculate its financial ratios on a consolidated basis. If
calculated, the capital ratios for the Company on a consolidated basis at September 30, 2016 would be comparable to those of the Bank.  
 In July 2013, the Federal Reserve Board approved a final rule establishing a regulatory capital framework for smaller, less complex financial
institutions. The rule implements in the United States the Basel III regulatory capital reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The
phase-in period for this rule began in January 2015. Under the final rule, minimum requirements will increase for both the quantity and quality of capital held by banking organizations. The rule includes a new minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1
capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5% and a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets that will apply to all supervised financial institutions.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

The capital conservation buffer will be phased in between January 1, 2016 when it will begin at 0.625% and increase by an additional 0.625% annually until it reaches 2.5% on January 1,
2019. This will result in an effective Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5% upon full implementation. The capital conservation buffer will limit capital distributions, stock redemptions, and certain discretionary bonuses. Beginning January 1, 2016,
failure to maintain the capital conservation buffer will limit the ability of the Bank and Financial to pay dividends, repurchase shares or pay discretionary bonuses. The rule also raises the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets
from 4% to 6% and includes a minimum leverage ratio of 4% for all banking organizations.     Results of Operations   
  Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  Earnings Summary   
 Financial had net income including all operating segments of $1,055,000 and $2,993,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared to $983,000 and $2,867,000 for the comparable periods in 2015. Basic and diluted earnings per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $0.24 and $0.68, compared to basic and diluted earnings per
share of $0.29 and $0.85 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Diluted earnings per share in the third quarter and nine months of 2016 reflected a 30% increase in the number of weighted average shares outstanding compared with
the third quarter and nine months of 2015, resulting primarily from the issuance of one million new shares of the Company s common stock on December 3, 2015.  
 The increase in net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year was due primarily to
increases in net interest income and non-interest income. The increases were partially offset by an increase in non-interest expense arising from the Bank s recent expansion into Charlottesville, Harrisonburg, and Roanoke. These expansions
resulted in increases in personnel expense, occupancy expense, professional and data processing expense, and marketing expense.    These
operating results represent an annualized return on average stockholders  equity of 8.34% and 8.10% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with 10.64% for both the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015. This decrease for the three and nine months was the result of an increase in outstanding shares resulting from the company s issuance of common stock in December 2015. The Company had an annualized return on average assets of 0.76% and
0.75% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with 0.79% and 0.78% for the same periods in 2015. The decrease for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 largely resulted from an increase in average
assets since September 30, 2015.    See   Non-Interest Income   below for mortgage business segment discussion.  
  Interest Income, Interest Expense, and Net Interest Income   
 Interest income increased to $5,477,000 and $16,005,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $5,195,000 and
$15,012,000 for the same periods in 2015, an increase of 5.43% and 6.61%, respectively. Interest income increased primarily because of increased balances in the loan portfolio. The average rate received on earning assets decreased to 4.22% and 4.25%
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared with 4.35% and 4.37% for each of the comparable periods in 2015. The rate on total average earning assets decreased primarily because of a decrease in the rate received on loans
resulting from a competitive banking environment. Management expects that competition will continue to pressure the rates we receive on loans and therefore may negatively impact our interest income.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  Interest expense decreased to $610,000 and $1,708,000 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from $704,000 and $2,001,000 for the same periods in 2015, decreases of 13.35% and 14.64%, respectively. The decreases in interest expense resulted primarily from the elimination of interest paid on capital notes which the
Company retired in January. This decrease was offset by an increase in interest paid on time deposits as well as interest bearing demand deposits. The Bank s average rate paid on interest bearing deposits was 0.61% and 0.58% during the three
and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 0.62% and 0.57% for the same periods in 2015.    The fundamental source
of the Bank s net revenue is net interest income, which is determined by the difference between (i) interest and dividend income on interest earning assets, which consist primarily of loans, investment securities and other investments, and
(ii) interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, which consist principally of deposits and other borrowings. Net interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4,867,000 and $14,297,000 compared to
$4,491,000 and $13,011,000 for the same periods in 2015, increases of 8.37% and 9.88%, respectively. The change in net interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared with the comparable period in 2015
primarily is attributable to the increase in loan balances previously discussed. The net interest margin was 3.75% and 3.80% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 3.76% and 3.79% for the same periods a year ago.
   Financial s net interest margin analysis and average balance sheets are shown in Schedule I below.  
  Non-Interest Income   
 Non-interest income is comprised primarily of fees and charges on transactional deposit accounts, gains on sales of mortgage loans held for
sale, commissions on sales of investments and the Bank s ownership interest in a title insurance agency. Non-interest income increased to $1,281,000 and $3,605,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1,198,000 and
$3,223,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. These increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same periods last year were due primarily due to an increase in gains on sales of
securities from $10,000 and $43,000 for three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $218,000 and $446,000 the same periods this year. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by a decrease in
service charges, fees, and commissions and a decrease in gains on sales of loans held for sale from $397,000 and $623,000 for three months ended September 30, 2015 to $373,000 and $593,000, respectively for the three months ended
September 30, 2016.    The Bank, through its Mortgage division, originates both conforming and non-conforming consumer residential
mortgage loans in the markets we serve. As part of the Bank s overall risk management strategy, all of the loans originated and closed by the Mortgage division are presold to major national mortgage banking or financial institutions. The
Mortgage division assumes, except in limited circumstances such as first payment default, no credit or interest rate risk on these mortgages.  
 Purchase mortgage originations totaled approximately $11,922,000 and $38,402,000, or 54.43% and 62.13% of the total mortgage loans originated
in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to approximately $16,118,000 and $42,427,000, or 70.42% and 67.74%, of the total mortgage loans originated in the same periods in 2015. The decrease in amount of purchase
mortgage originations resulted from a slight increase in longer-term interest rates. However, despite the increase in longer-term rates, refinancing activity continued to remain elevated primarily due to the relatively low interest rate environment
as compared to long-term historical interest rate levels. Management anticipates that purchase mortgage originations will continue to represent a majority of mortgage originations. In addition, Management believes that regulatory pressure may result
in a decreased number of competitors to the Mortgage division and this could result in an increase in market share.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

  Despite the recent fluctuations in rates, management anticipates that residential mortgage rates
will remain near the current historic lows for the remainder of 2016. Management expects that attractive rates coupled with the Mortgage division s reputation in Region 2000 and the hiring of additional mortgage loan originators will allow us
to maintain or increase revenue at the Mortgage division. As a result of the rising interest rates, management expects that loans for home purchases (as opposed to refinances) will constitute the majority of mortgage originations. In the event that
interest rates rise, management expects revenue from the mortgage segment could be under pressure.    Our Investment division provides
brokerage services through an agreement with a third-party broker-dealer. Pursuant to this arrangement, the third party broker-dealer operates a service center adjacent to one of the branches of the Bank. The center is staffed by dual employees of
the Bank and the broker-dealer. Investment receives commissions on transactions generated and in some cases ongoing management fees such as mutual fund 12b-1 fees. The Investment division s financial impact on our consolidated revenue has been
immaterial. Although management cannot predict the financial impact of Investment with certainty, management anticipates the Investment division s impact on noninterest income will remain immaterial in 2016.  
 The Bank provides insurance and annuity products to Bank customers and others, through the Bank s Insurance subsidiary. The Bank has
three full-time employees that are dedicated to selling insurance products through Insurance. Insurance generates minimal revenue and its financial impact on our consolidated revenue has been immaterial. Management anticipates that Insurance s
impact on noninterest income will remain immaterial in 2016.     Non-Interest Expense   
 Non-interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased to $4,449,000 and $12,893,000 from $4,118,000 and
$11,733,000, an increase of 8.04% and 9.89%, respectively, from the comparable periods in 2015. This resulted from increases for personnel expense primarily related to the expansion into Charlottesville, Harrisonburg, and Roanoke, as well as
increases in professional, data processing and outside expenses, marketing expenses, occupancy expenses, equipment expenses, and supplies expense. The increase in credit expense also increased primarily because of related to the increase in the
number of mortgage originations. Total personnel expense was $2,318,000 and $6,717,000 for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $2,135,000 and $6,346,000 for the same periods in 2015.  
  Allowance for Loan Losses   
 The allowance for loan losses represents an amount that, in our judgment, will be adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in the loan
portfolio. The provision for loan losses increases the allowance, and loans charged off, net of recoveries, reduce the allowance. The provision to the allowance for loan losses is charged to earnings to bring the total allowance to a level deemed
appropriate by management and is based upon two components   specific impairment and general reserves. As discussed below, loans having a risk rating of 7 or below that are significantly past due, and the borrower s performance and
financial condition provide evidence that it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts when due, are evaluated for specific impairment. The general reserve component is based on an evaluation of general economic conditions,
actual and expected credit losses, and loan performance measures. Based on the application of the loan loss calculation, the Bank provided $145,000 and $595,000 to the allowance for loan losses for the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016. This compares to provisions of $120,000 and $277,000 for the comparable periods in 2015, representing increases of 20.83% and 114.80%, respectively.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

  General reserves related to historical loss experience have trended downward for several
quarters. This downward trend is directly attributable to the Bank s charge-off history through the most recent negative credit cycle. A significant part of the general reserve calculation incorporates how a particular loan class performs over
a period of time (that is, its charge-off history). Following the financial crisis in 2008 and beyond that disrupted the banking and financial systems, the Bank s asset quality deteriorated. This deterioration resulted in a significant increase
in charge-offs against the Bank s loan portfolio. The elevated charge-offs continued through 2011. During this period, the Bank s loan loss methodology, which is based in part on the Bank s charge-off history, dictated an increase in
the amount allocated to the general reserve component of the loan loss reserve. Beginning in 2011, asset quality began to rapidly improve. While general reserves declined over the time period from 2011-2015, general reserves as a percentage of
unimpaired loans have increased since December 31, 2015 as specific reserves have decreased.    Charged-off loans, which are loans that
management deems uncollectible, are charged against the allowance for loan losses and constitute a realized loss. Charged-off loans were $114,000 and $492,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $29,000 and
$489,000 for the comparable periods in 2015. While a charged off loan may subsequently be collected, such recoveries generally are realized over an extended period of time. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Bank had
recoveries of charged off loans of $35,000 and $167,000 as compared with $71,000 and $170,000 for the comparable periods in 2015.    In
light of the current economic environment, management continues its ongoing assessment of specific impairment in the Bank s loan portfolio. As set forth in the tables below, the Bank s allowance arising from the specific impairment
evaluation as of September 30, 2016 decreased as compared to December 31, 2015.    The percentage of the allowance for loan losses
to total loans was 1.07% as of September 30, 2016 and 1.08% as of December 31, 2015. The overall balance in the allowance for loan losses increased from $4,683,000 as of December 31, 2015 to $4,953,000 as of September 30, 2016.
Despite the decrease in specific and general reserves, primarily due to the overall improvement in asset quality and the improvement in historical charge-off trends, the inherent risks associated with the increasing industry concentrations and
commercial real estate concentrations within the portfolio have increased the qualitative portion of the general reserve. Management believes that the current allowance for loan losses is adequate.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables summarize the allowance activity for the periods indicated:  

(1) 
 The experience within the historical charge-off period used to calculate the allowance has improved which reduced the need for a provision relating to this segment.    

(2) 
 The increased concentration of loan balances in the commercial segments resulted in an increase in the provision for these categories. Management has a process for the ongoing evaluation of our loans and the specific
risks associated with concentrations in each segment.    
      44  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 The experience within the historical charge-off period used to calculate the allowance has improved which reduced the need for a provision relating to this segment.    
 The following sets forth the reconciliation of the allowance for loan loss:  
   
   No nonaccrual loans were excluded from impaired loan disclosure under current accounting rules at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. If interest on these loans had been accrued, such income cumulatively would have approximated $423,000 and $472,000 on September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Loan
payments received on nonaccrual loans are applied to principal. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status there are several negative implications. First, all interest accrued but unpaid at the time of the classification is deducted from the
interest income totals for the Bank. Second, accruals of interest are discontinued until it becomes certain that both principal and interest can be repaid. Third, there may be actual losses that necessitate additional provisions for credit losses
charged against earnings.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

  The Bank s internal risk rating system is in place to grade commercial and commercial real
estate loans. Category ratings are reviewed periodically by lenders and the credit review area of the Bank based on the borrower s individual situation. Additionally, internal and external monitoring and review of credits are conducted on an
annual basis.    Below is a summary and definition of the Bank s risk rating categories:  

RATING 1  
    
 Excellent 

RATING 2  
    
 Above Average 

RATING 3  
    
 Satisfactory 

RATING 4  
    
 Acceptable / Low Satisfactory 

RATING 5  
    
 Monitor 

RATING 6  
    
 Special Mention 

RATING 7  
    
 Substandard 

RATING 8  
    
 Doubtful 

RATING 9  
    
 Loss 

We segregate loans into the above categories based on the following criteria and we review the characteristics
of each rating at least annually, generally during the first quarter. The characteristics of these ratings are as follows:      

Pass.  These are loans having risk ratings of 1 through 4. Pass loans are to persons or business entities with an acceptable financial condition, appropriate collateral margins, appropriate cash flow to
service the existing loan, and an appropriate leverage ratio. The borrower has paid all obligations as agreed and it is expected that this type of payment history will continue. When necessary, acceptable personal guarantors support the loan.

Monitor.  These are loans having a risk rating of 5. Monitor loans have currently acceptable risk but may have the potential for a specific defined weakness in the borrower s operations and the
borrower s ability to generate positive cash flow on a sustained basis. The borrower s recent payment history may currently or in the future be characterized by late payments. The Bank s risk exposure is mitigated by collateral
supporting the loan. The collateral is considered to be well-margined, well maintained, accessible and readily marketable.        

Special Mention.  These are loans having a risk rating of 6. Special Mention loans have weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in
deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the bank s credit position at some future date. Special Mention loans are not adversely classified and do not expose an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse
classification. These loans do warrant more than routine monitoring due to a weakness caused by adverse events.        

Substandard.  These are loans having a risk rating of 7. Substandard loans are considered to have
specific and well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize the viability of the Bank s credit extension. The payment history for the loan has been inconsistent and the expected or projected primary repayment source may be inadequate to service the
loan. The estimated net liquidation value of the collateral pledged and/or ability of the personal guarantor(s) to pay the loan may not adequately protect the Bank. There is a distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the
deficiencies associated     
      46  

Table of Contents  

with the loan are not corrected in the near term. A substandard loan would not automatically meet our definition of impaired unless the loan is significantly past due and the borrower s
performance and financial condition provides evidence that it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due.         

Doubtful.  These are loans having a risk rating of 8. Doubtful rated loans have all the weaknesses inherent in a loan that is classified substandard but with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make
collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. The possibility of loss is extremely high.    

Loss.  These are loans having a risk rating of 9. Loss rated loans are not considered collectible under normal circumstances and there is no realistic expectation for any future payment on the loan. Loss
rated loans are fully charged off.       Income Taxes   
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, Financial had an income tax expense of $499,000 and $1,421,000 as compared to
$468,000 and $1,357,000 for the same periods in 2015. This represents an effective tax rate of 32.11% and 32.19% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared with 32.25% and 32.13% for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Our effective rate was lower than the statutory corporate tax rate in both quarters because of federal income tax benefits resulting from the tax treatment of earnings on bank owned life insurance and certain tax free
municipal securities.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

   Schedule I   
  Net Interest Margin Analysis      Average Balance Sheets
     For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  (dollars in thousands)       

(1) 
 Net accretion or amortization of deferred loan fees and costs are included in interest income.    

(2) 
 Nonperforming loans are included in the average balances. However, interest income and yields calculated do not reflect any accrued interest associated with non-accrual loans.    

(3) 
 The interest income and yields calculated on securities have been tax affected to reflect any tax exempt interest on municipal securities.    
      48  

Table of Contents  

   Net Interest Margin Analysis   
  Average Balance Sheets      For the Nine months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015      (dollars in thousands)       

(1) 
 Net deferred loan fees and costs are included in interest income.    

(2) 
 Nonperforming loans are included in the average balances. However, interest income and yields calculated do not reflect any accrued interest associated with non-accrual loans.    

(3) 
 The interest income and yields calculated on securities have been tax affected to reflect any tax exempt interest on municipal securities.    
      49  

Table of Contents  

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       Not applicable  

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures          EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES     Financial s management, including Financial s principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ). Based
upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, Financial s disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring
that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that Financial files or submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.    There have been no significant changes during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, in
the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) or in other factors that could have significantly affected those controls subsequent to the date of
our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

     PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings         The Company is not involved in any pending
legal proceedings at this time, other than routine litigation incidental to its business.      

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors       We described the most significant risk factors applicable to the Company
in Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on March 17, 2016. We believe there have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed on Form 10-K.

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       
 Not applicable      

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities       Not applicable  

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable  

Item 5.  
  Other Information       Not applicable  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits         
 
      51  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.      

BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

Date: November 14, 2016 

By 
   
 /S/ Robert R. Chapman III  

Robert R. Chapman III, President   (Principal
Executive Officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016 

By 
   
 /S/ J. Todd Scruggs  

J. Todd Scruggs, Secretary and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   
 
      52  

Table of Contents  

   Index of Exhibits   

53  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d292632dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification Principal Executive Officer   
 I, Robert R. Chapman III, President of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. certify that:  
 (1) I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc.;  
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 (4) The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and;  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s
most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 (5) The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    (b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 14, 2016 

By 
   
 /S/ Robert R. Chapman III  

Robert R. Chapman III, President   (Principal
Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d292632dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Certification Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer   
 I, J. Todd Scruggs, Secretary and Treasurer of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc., certify that:  
 (1) I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc.;  
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 (4) The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and;  
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s
most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 (5) The issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    (b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: November 14, 2016 

By 
   
 /S/ J. Todd Scruggs  

J. Todd Scruggs, Secretary and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d292632dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies that this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc.  

BANK OF THE JAMES FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.  

Date: November 14, 2016 

By 
   
 /S/ Robert R. Chapman III  

Robert R. Chapman III, President   (Principal
Executive Officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016 

By 
   
 /S/ J. Todd Scruggs  

J. Todd Scruggs, Secretary and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 botj-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 botj-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 botj-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 botj-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 botj-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 botj-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

