<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1035216_0001035216-16-000026_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7311362</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105001</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>403227</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2390780</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3240376</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1041912</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001035216-16-000026.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104152829
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001035216-16-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTH JERSEY GAS Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001035216
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION & DISTRIBUTION [4923]
		IRS NUMBER:				210398330
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22211
		FILM NUMBER:		161974990

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE SOUTH JERSEY PLAZA
		CITY:			FOLSOM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6095619000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE SOUTH JERSEY PLAZA
		CITY:			FOLSOM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08037

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTH JERSEY GAS CO/NEW
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970306

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001035216-16-000026.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 sjg-93016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, DC 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
  (Mark one) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 

For the transition period from ________________ to ________________ 
    
  Commission File Number   000-22211 
    
  SOUTH JERSEY GAS COMPANY 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

1 South Jersey Plaza, Folsom, NJ 08037 
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
    
  (609) 561-9000 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                 Large accelerated filer   o 
    Accelerated filer   o 
      Non-accelerated filer   x   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o      No   x 
     
  As of   November 1, 2016   there were   2,339,139   shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding, all of which are owned by South Jersey Industries, Inc., the parent company of South Jersey Gas Company. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

PART I 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
    3 

Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    25 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    35 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    36 

PART II 
    OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    37 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    37 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    37 

Signatures  
    39 

2 

Table of Contents  

SOUTH JERSEY GAS COMPANY 
    
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  (In Thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

     Table of Contents  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

SOUTH JERSEY GAS COMPANY 
    
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  (In Thousands) 

* Determined using a combined average statutory tax rate of   40%  . 
    
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

SOUTH JERSEY GAS COMPANY 
    
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
  (In Thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

SOUTH JERSEY GAS COMPANY 
    
  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
  (In Thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

SOUTH JERSEY GAS COMPANY 
    
  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
  (In Thousands, except per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES: 
       
  THE ENTITY - South Jersey Industries, Inc. (SJI) owns all of the outstanding common stock of South Jersey Gas Company (SJG or the Company), a regulated natural gas utility. SJG distributes natural gas in the   seven   southern most counties of New Jersey. In our opinion, the condensed financial statements reflect all normal and recurring adjustments needed to fairly present our financial position and operating results at the dates and for the periods presented. SJG s business is subject to seasonal fluctuations, and accordingly, this interim financial information should not be the basis for estimating the full year s operating results. As permitted by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the accompanying condensed financial statements contain certain condensed financial information and exclude certain note disclosures normally included in annual audited financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). These condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a more complete discussion of our accounting policies and certain other information. 
    
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period's condensed balance sheets, as well as the prior period's long-term debt carrying value in Note 6, to conform to the current period presentation. The unamortized debt issuance costs previously included in "Regulatory and Other Noncurrent Assets" on the condensed balance sheets were reclassified to Long-Term Debt to conform to ASU 2015-03, which is described below under "New Accounting Pronouncements." This reclassification caused the prior period long-term debt carrying value in Note 6 to be adjusted. 
    
  REVENUE - BASED TAXES   -   SJG collects certain revenue-based energy taxes from its customers. Such taxes include the New Jersey State Sales Tax and Public Utilities Assessment (PUA). State sales tax is recorded as a liability when billed to customers and is not included in revenue or operating expenses. The PUA is included in both revenues and energy and other taxes, and totaled   $0.2 million   for both the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and   $0.7 million   and   $1.0 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
    
  NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   Other than as described below, no new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during 2016 or 2015 had, or are expected to have, a material impact on the condensed financial statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).   This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in FASB ASC 605,   Revenue Recognition  , and in most industry-specific topics. The new guidance identifies how and when entities should recognize revenue. The new rules establish a core principle requiring the recognition of revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount reflecting the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for such goods or services. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017.  Management has formed an implementation team that is currently inventorying the contracts with customers and evaluating the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial statement results, as well as the transition method the Company will elect to adopt the guidance. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40); Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  . The new guidance requires management of a company to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern. This ASU is effective for the annual reporting period ending after December 15, 2016, and for interim and annual reporting periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. Management does not expect this standard to have an impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30):  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  .  This ASU requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the associated debt liability. The standard is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. Adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on the Company's results of operations; however, balance sheet presentations were modified to conform to this guidance. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  .  This ASU states that inventory for which cost is determined using a method other than last-in, first-out (LIFO) or the retail method should be subsequently measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value (NRV), rather than at the lower of cost or market.  The standard is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. Management is currently determining the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial statement results. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  , which enhances the reporting model for financial instruments and includes amendments to address aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure. The standard is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods. beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for only certain portions of the new guidance.  Management is currently determining the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial statement results. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  , which establishes a new lease accounting model for lessees. The new standard requires substantially all leases be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, including leases currently accounted for as operating leases. The new standard also will result in enhanced quantitative and qualitative disclosures, including significant judgments made by management, to provide greater insight into the extent of revenue and expense recognized and expected to be recognized from existing leases.  The accounting for leases by the lessor remains relatively the same.  The standard is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. Management is currently determining the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial statement results. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815):  Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships  .  The amendments in this guidance clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument under Topic 815 does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met.  The standard is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. Management is currently determining the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial statement results. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  . This standard amends ASU 2014-09 (discussed above), to improve the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations and whether an entity reports revenue on a gross or net basis. This standard will have the same effective date and transition requirements as ASU 2014-09. Management is currently determining the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial statement results. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which simplifies various aspects of accounting for share-based payment arrangements.  The standard is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. Management is currently determining the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial statement results. 
    
  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  . This standard amends ASU 2014-09 (discussed above) to clarify identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. This standard will have the same effective date and transition requirements as ASU 2014-09. Management is currently determining the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial statement results. 
    
  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  . This standard amends ASU 2014-09 (discussed above) to provide additional guidance on (a) the objective of the collectibility criterion, (b) the presentation of sales tax collected from customers, (c) the measurement date of non-cash consideration received, (d) practical expedients in respect of contract modifications and completed contracts at transition, and (e) disclosure of the effects of the accounting change in the period of adoption. This standard will have the same effective date and transition requirements as ASU 2014-09. Management is currently determining the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial statement results. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   This standard is intended to provide guidance concerning the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows and to eliminate the diversity in practice related to such classifications. This standard is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. Management is currently determining the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on the Company's financial statement results. 

10 

     Table of Contents  

2. 
    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS: 
       
  Officers and other key employees of SJG participate in the stock-based compensation plans of SJI. Performance-based restricted shares vest over a three-year period and are subject to SJI achieving certain market and earnings-based performance targets which can cause the actual amount of shares that ultimately vest to range from   0%   to   200%   of the original share units granted.  
    
  Beginning in 2015, SJI granted time-based shares of restricted stock, one-third of which vest annually over a   three  -year period and are limited to a   100%   payout. Vesting of time-based grants is contingent upon SJI achieving a return on equity (ROE) of at least   7%   during the initial year of the grant and meeting the service requirement. Provided that the   7%   ROE requirement is met in the initial year, payment is solely contingent upon the service requirement being met in years   two   and   three   of the grant. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , SJG officers and other key employees were granted   9,965   and   7,878   shares of time-based restricted stock, respectively.  
    
  Grants containing market-based performance targets use SJI's total shareholder return (TSR) relative to a peer group to measure performance. As TSR-based grants are contingent upon market and service conditions, SJI is required to measure and recognize stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value at the date of grant on a straight-line basis over the requisite   three  -year period of each award. In addition, SJI identifies specific forfeitures of share-based awards, and compensation expense is adjusted accordingly over the requisite service period.  Compensation expense is not adjusted based on the actual achievement of performance goals. The fair value of TSR-based restricted stock awards on the date of grant is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model.   
    
  Through 2014, grants containing earnings-based targets were based on SJI's earnings growth rate per share (EGR) relative to a peer group to measure performance. In 2015, earning-based performance targets included pre-defined EGR and return on equity (ROE) goals to measure performance. Beginning in 2016, performance targets include pre-defined compounded earnings annual growth rate (CEGR) for SJI. As EGR-based, ROE-based, and CEGR-based grants are contingent upon performance and service conditions, SJI is required to measure and recognize stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value at the date of grant over the requisite   three  -year period of each award. The fair value is measured as the market price at the date of grant. The initial accruals of compensation expense are based on the estimated number of shares expected to vest, assuming the requisite service is rendered and probable outcome of the performance condition is achieved. That estimate is revised if subsequent information indicates that the actual number of shares is likely to differ from previous estimates. Compensation expense is ultimately adjusted based on the actual achievement of service and performance targets. 
    
  We are allocated a portion of SJI's compensation cost during the vesting period. We accrue a liability and record compensation cost over the requisite   three  -year service period based on the grant date fair value as described above for each type of grant. Upon vesting, we make a cash payment to SJI equal to the amounts accrued as compensation cost during the vesting period. Since the inception of the plans, our expense recognition policy has been consistent with the expense recognition policy at SJI. 
    
  The following table summarizes the SJI nonvested restricted stock awards pertaining to SJG outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , and the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the awards: 

Expected volatility is based on the actual volatility of SJI s share price over the preceding   three  -year period as of the valuation date. The risk-free interest rate is based on the zero-coupon U.S. Treasury Bond, with a term equal to the   three  -year term of the restricted shares. As notional dividend equivalents are credited to the holders during the   three  -year service period, no reduction to the fair value of the award is required. 
    
  The cost for restricted stock awards during the nine months ended September 30,   2016   and   2015   is approximately   $0.2 million   and   $0.1 million   per quarter, respectively. Of these costs, approximately one half was capitalized to Utility Plant.  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $0.9 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested share-based compensation awards granted under the plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   1.9   years. 
    
  The following table summarizes information regarding restricted stock award activity during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , excluding accrued dividend equivalents: 

Performance targets during the   three  -year vesting periods were not attained for the January 2012 or 2013 grants that vested at December 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively. As a result,   no   shares were awarded in 2015 or 2016 associated with those grants. However, the initial performance hurdle for the 2015 time-based grant was met. As a result,   2,610   shares were awarded to Officers and other key employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 at a market value of   $0.1 million  . SJG has a policy of making cash payments to SJI to satisfy its obligations under the Plan. Cash payments to SJI during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were approximately   $0.2 million   in each period relating to stock awards. Additionally, a change in control could result in the nonvested shares becoming nonforfeitable or immediately payable in cash. 

3. 
    RATES AND REGULATORY ACTIONS: 
       
  SJG is subject to the rules and regulations of the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (BPU).   
    
  In January 2016, SJG provided a Basic Gas Supply Service (BGSS) bill credit of approximately   $20.0 million   to its residential and small commercial customers. This credit is in addition to an overall rate reduction of   10.3%   that was approved by the BPU and took effect in October 2015. SJG s ability to offer the BGSS bill credit is a direct result of lower wholesale natural gas prices and the overall management of its gas supply portfolio. The BGSS clause serves as a method to pass along increases or decreases in gas costs to customers; therefore, SJG s income is not affected by BGSS rate adjustments or bill credits. 
    
  In February 2016, SJG filed a petition with the BPU for approval to continue its Accelerated Infrastructure Replacement Program (AIRP), which will expire at the end of 2016. In its petition, SJG has requested approval to continue its AIRP for an additional   seven   years, with program investments totaling approximately   $500.0 million  , to retire and replace bare steel and cast iron mains, bare steel services, and other aging infrastructure. The petition proposes to recover the costs of, and a return on, future AIRP investments through annual base rate adjustments. The petition also includes a request to reflect in base rates approximately   $76.0 million   of AIRP investments that will have been made since the conclusion of SJG s last base rate case in October 2014 through the end of 2016. This petition was approved in October 2016 (see Note 15).   
    
  Also in February 2016, the BPU approved a   $7.9 million   revenue decrease to SJG s Energy Efficiency Tracker (EET), which recovers the cost of, and an allowed return on, investments in Energy Efficiency Programs (EEP). SJG s original EEPs and its first EEP Extension, approved by the BPU in 2009 and 2013, respectively, ended in July 2013 and August 2015, respectively.  The revenue requirements associated with these prior investments decrease over time as they are amortized and recovered. SJG is continuing to make energy efficiency investments under its most recent EEP Extension, which was approved by the BPU in August 2015, and is recovering the costs, and the allowed return on, those investments through the EET.  

12 

     Table of Contents  

In April 2016, the BPU approved a   $2.6 million   net decrease, including taxes, in annual revenues collected from SJG customers through the Societal Benefits Clause (SBC) charge and the Transportation Initiation Clause (TIC) charge, comprised of a   $5.2 million   increase in revenues from the Remediation Adjustment Clause (RAC) component of the SBC, a   $7.1 million   decrease in revenues from the Clean Energy Program (CLEP) component of the SBC, and a   $0.7 million   decrease in TIC revenues, effective May 7, 2016. The increase in the RAC is driven by an increase in costs associated with the remediation of former manufactured gas plants. The decrease in the CLEP component of the SBC is primarily related to the accumulation of prior year over-recoveries.  The decrease in the TIC is driven by a decrease in costs. The SBC and TIC allow SJG to recover costs associated with certain State-mandated programs. SJG does not earn any profit from these charges. 
    
  In June 2016, SJG filed its annual EET rate adjustment petition, requesting a   $0.8 million   decrease in revenues to continue recovering the costs of, and the allowed return on, prior investments associated with EEP's. The revenue adjustment was subsequently updated in September 2016 to reflect a revenue decrease of   $1.6 million  . The EET rate recovers the forecasted revenue requirements for the upcoming EET year of October 2016 to September 2017. The requested revenue decrease is the result of the investments associated with SJG's original EEPs, approved by the BPU in 2009, and its EEP extension, approved by the BPU in 2013, which ended in July 2013 and August 2015, respectively. The revenue requirements associated with these prior investments decreases over time as they are amortized. This petition was approved in October 2016. 
    
  In September 2016, the BPU approved an increase in annual revenues from base rates of   $3.9 million  , including taxes, to reflect the roll-in of   $33.7 million   of investments made from July 1, 2015 through June 30, 2016 under SJG's s Storm Hardening and Reliability Program (SHARP), with rates effective as of October 1, 2016. 
    
  Also in September 2016, the BPU approved a   $0.6 million   net decrease in annual revenues to be implemented on October 1, 2016, comprised of a   $47.1 million   decrease in BGSS revenues and a   $46.5 million   increase in Conservation Incentive Program (CIP) revenues, both including taxes. The level of BGSS revenues requested in annual BGSS filings is based on forecasted gas costs and customer usage information for the upcoming BGSS/CIP year, which runs from October 1, 2016 to September 30, 2017. SJG s request for a decrease of BGSS revenues was caused primarily by decreases in forecasted gas commodity costs for the upcoming BGSS/CIP year. The level of CIP revenues requested in annual CIP filings is based on historical customer usage information, comparing prior CIP year customer usage to normal customer usage. SJG s request for an increase in CIP revenues was primarily due to lower than normal customer usage caused by weather that was 16.4% warmer than normal during the 2015- 2016 winter. 
    
  Additionally, in September 2016, the BPU approved the statewide Universal Service Fund (USF) budget of   $56.0 million   for all the State s gas utilities. SJG s portion of the total budget is approximately   $5.6 million  . Effective October 1, 2016, the BPU approved a   $1.1 million   increase in SJG s USF recoveries. 
    
  The BGSS, CIP and USF approvals discussed above do not impact SJG's earnings. They represent changes in the cash requirements of SJG corresponding to cost changes and/or the return of previously under-recovered costs associated with each respective mechanism. 
    
  There have been no other significant regulatory actions or changes to SJG's rate structure since   December 31, 2015  . See Note 3 to the Financial Statements in Item 8 of SJG's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

13 

     Table of Contents  

4. 
    REGULATORY ASSETS AND LIABILITIES: 
       
  There have been no significant changes to the nature of SJG s regulatory assets and liabilities since   December 31, 2015  , which are described in Notes 3 and 4 to the Financial Statements in Item 8 of SJG s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Regulatory Assets consisted of the following items (in thousands): 

ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION COSTS - We have   two   regulatory assets associated with environmental costs related to the cleanup of   12   sites where we or our predecessors previously operated gas manufacturing plants. The first asset, "Environmental Remediation Cost: Expended - Net," represents what was actually spent to clean up the sites, less recoveries through the Remediation Adjustment Clause (RAC) and insurance carriers. These costs meet the deferral requirements of GAAP, as the BPU allows us to recover such expenditures through the RAC. The other asset, "Environmental Remediation Cost: Liability for Future Expenditures," relates to estimated future expenditures required to complete the remediation of these sites. We recorded this estimated amount as a regulatory asset with the corresponding current and noncurrent liabilities on the balance sheets under the captions "Current Liabilities" and "Regulatory and Other Noncurrent Liabilities." The BPU allows us to recover the deferred costs over   seven  -year periods after they are spent. The increase from December 31, 2015 is a result of expenditures made during the first nine months of 2016 and an increase in the expected future expenditures for remediation activities primarily due to an increase in the scope of the remediation at a site related to additional contamination being discovered. 
    
  DEFERRED GAS COSTS - NET - See discussion under "Deferred Revenues - Net" below. 
    
  CONSERVATION INCENTIVE PROGRAM (CIP) RECEIVABLE   The CIP tracking mechanism adjusts earnings when actual usage per customer experienced during the period varies from an established baseline usage per customer. Actual usage per customer was less than the established baseline during the 2015 - 2016 winter season and during the first nine months of 2016, resulting in an increase in the receivable. This is primarily the result of warm weather experienced in the region. 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Regulatory Liabilities consisted of the following items (in thousands): 

DEFERED REVENUES - NET - Over/under collections of gas costs are monitored through SJG's BGSS mechanism. Net under collected gas costs are classified as a regulatory asset and net over collected gas costs are classified as a regulatory liability. Derivative contracts used to hedge natural gas purchases are also included in the BGSS, subject to BPU approval. The BGSS changed from a   $2.7 million   regulatory asset at December 31, 2015 to a   $14.4 million   regulatory liability at September 30, 2016, primarily due to the gas costs recovered from customers exceeding the actual cost of the commodity.  
    
  ENERGY EFFICIENCY TRACKER (EET) - This regulatory liability primarily represents energy efficiency measures installed in customer homes and businesses. The change from a   $0.5 million   regulatory asset at December 31, 2015 to a   $0.4 million   regulatory liability at September 30, 2016 is due to recoveries being greater than the cost of, and allowed return on, investments in the EEP's. In February 2016, the BPU approved a   $7.9 million   revenue decrease to SJG s EET (see Note 3). 

5. 
     RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS: 
       
  There have been no significant changes in the nature of SJG s related-party transactions since   December 31, 2015  . See Note 5 to the Financial Statements in Item 8 of SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a detailed description of the related parties and their associated transactions. 
    
  A summary of related-party transactions, excluding pass-through items, included in Operating Revenues were as follows (in thousands): 

Related-party transactions, excluding pass-through items, included in Operating Expenses were as follows (in thousands): 

* Contracts used to hedge natural gas purchases. Included in Cost of Sales on the Condensed Statements of Income. 

15 

     Table of Contents  

6. 
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS: 
       
  RESTRICTED INVESTMENTS - In accordance with the terms of our tax-exempt first mortgage bonds, unused proceeds are required to be escrowed pending approved construction expenditures. As of both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the escrowed proceeds, including interest earned, totaled   $32,225  . SJG maintains a margin account with a counterparty in conjunction with SJG's risk management activities as detailed in Note 11. The funds provided by SJG will increase or decrease as the number and value of outstanding energy-related contracts held with this counterparty change. As of   September 30, 2016  , the balance owed to this counterparty totaled   $0.3 million   and as of   December 31, 2015  , the balance held with this counterparty totaled   $6.7 million  . In September 2016, SJG placed   $8.3 million   in an escrow account to construct SJG's building in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The money is restricted until the final contracts are approved, at which time the money will be released for use in constructing SJG's building. The carrying amounts of the Restricted Investments approximate their fair value at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , which would be included in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.  (See Note 10 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.) 
    
  NOTE RECEIVABLE - In June 2015, SJG advanced   $10.0 million   to a not-for-profit organization formed to spur economic development in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The Note included interest at   1%   for an initial term of   six   months, with the borrower s option to extend the term for   two   additional terms of   three   months each. In December 2015 and February 2016, the borrower exercised each option, respectively. In July 2016, the note was repaid in full, including interest.  
  LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES       SJG provides financing to customers for the purpose of attracting conversions to natural gas heating systems from competing fuel sources. The terms of these loans call for customers to make monthly payments over a period of up to   five   to   ten   years with no interest. The carrying amounts of such loans were   $10.2 million   and   $12.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The current portion of these receivables is reflected in Accounts Receivable and the non-current portion is reflected in Long-Term Receivables on the condensed balance sheets. The carrying amounts noted above are net of unamortized discounts resulting from imputed interest in the amount of    $1.0 million   and   $1.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The annualized amortization to interest is not material to SJG s financial statements. The carrying amounts of these receivables approximate their fair value at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , which would be included in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy (See Note 10 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities). 
    
  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT CARRIED AT FAIR VALUE - The fair value of a financial instrument is the market price to sell an asset or transfer a liability at the measurement date. The carrying amounts of SJG's financial instruments approximate their fair values at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , except as noted below. 
             
    For Long-Term Debt, in estimating the fair value, we use the present value of remaining cash flows at the balance sheet date. We based the estimates on interest rates available to SJG at the end of each period for debt with similar terms and maturities (Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. See Note 10 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities).  The estimated fair values of SJG's long-term debt, including current maturities, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , were   $699.7 million   and   $657.4 million  , respectively. The carrying amount of SJG's long-term debt, including current maturities, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , was   $639.9 million   and   $605.4 million  , respectively. The carrying amounts as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are net of unamortized  debt issuance costs of   $6.1 million   and   $6.6 million  , respectively (see Note 1). 

16 

     Table of Contents  

7. 
    LINES OF CREDIT: 
       
  Credit facilities and available liquidity as of   September 30, 2016   were as follows (in thousands): 

(A) Includes letters of credit outstanding in the amount of   $0.8 million  . 

The SJG revolving credit facility is provided by a syndicate of banks and contains one financial covenant limiting the ratio of indebtedness to total capitalization (as defined in the credit agreement) to not more than   0.65   to   1   measured at the end of each fiscal quarter. SJG was in compliance with this covenant as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  SJG manages a commercial paper program under which SJG may issue short-term, unsecured promissory notes to qualified investors up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of   $200.0 million  . The notes  have fixed maturities which vary by note, but may not exceed   270   days from the date of issue. Proceeds from the notes are used for general corporate purposes.  SJG uses the commercial paper program in tandem with the   $200.0 million   revolving credit facility and does not expect the principal amount of borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program and the credit facility at any time to exceed an aggregate of   $200.0 million  . 
    
  Average borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $64.5 million   and   $117.9 million  , respectively. The maximum amount outstanding under these credit facilities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were $  141.7 million   and $  162.3 million  , respectively. 
    
  Borrowings under these credit facilities are at market rates. The weighted average interest rate on these borrowings, which changes daily, was   0.76%   and   0.40%   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

8. 
    PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS: 
       
  For the   three and nine   months ended    September 30, 2016   and   2015  , net periodic benefit cost related to the employee and officer pension and other postretirement benefit plans consisted of the following components (in thousands):   

17 

     Table of Contents  

Capitalized benefit costs reflected in the table above relate to our construction program. Deferred benefit costs relate to the deferral of incremental expenses associated with the adoption of new mortality tables effective December 31, 2014 and 2015. Deferred benefit costs are expected to be recovered through rates as part of our next base rate case. 
    
  SJG contributed   $12.0 million   to the pension plans in January 2015.   No   contributions were made to the pension plans during the nine-months ended September 30, 2016. SJG does not expect to make any contributions to the pension plans in 2016; however, changes in future investment performance and discount rates may ultimately result in a contribution. Payments related to the unfunded Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) are expected to approximate   $2.2 million   in 2016. We also have a regulatory obligation to contribute approximately   $3.6 million   annually to the other postretirement benefit plans  trusts, less direct costs incurred. 
    
  See Note 11 to the Financial Statements in Item 8 of SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for additional information related to SJG s pension and other postretirement benefits. 

9.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES: 
    
  STANDBY LETTER OF CREDIT - SJG provided a   $0.8 million   letter of credit under its revolving credit facility to support the remediation of environmental conditions at certain locations in our service territory. SJG also provided a   $25.2 million   letter of credit under a separate facility outside of its revolving credit facility to support variable-rate demand bonds issued through the New Jersey Economic Development Authority (NJEDA) to finance the expansion of SJG s natural gas distribution system.  
    
  ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION COSTS - SJG incurred and recorded costs for environmental cleanup of   12   sites where SJG or its predecessors operated gas manufacturing plants. SJG stopped manufacturing gas in the 1950s. Other than the changes discussed in Note 4 to the condensed financial statements, there have been no significant changes to the status of SJG s environmental remediation efforts since   December 31, 2015  , as described in Note 12 to the Financial Statements in Item 8 of SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  GAS SUPPLY RELATED CONTRACTS - In the normal course of conducting business, we have entered into long-term contracts for natural gas supplies, firm transportation and gas storage service. The earliest date at which any of the primary terms of these contracts expire is October 2017. The transportation and storage agreements entered into between us and each of our interstate pipeline service providers were done in accordance with their respective FERC-approved tariffs. Our cumulative obligation for gas supply-related demand charges and reservation fees paid for these services averages approximately   $5.8 million   per month and is recovered on a current basis through the BGSS. 

18 

     Table of Contents  

PENDING LITIGATION - SJG is subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of business and other legal proceedings. SJG accrues liabilities related to these claims when SJG can reasonably estimate the amount or range of amounts of probable settlement costs or other charges for these claims. SJG has accrued approximately   $0.7 million   and   $0.8 million   related to all claims in the aggregate as of    September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. SJG is currently involved in a pricing dispute related to a long-term gas supply contract whereby SJG has sued the supplier to recover amounts that were improperly invoiced. Subsequently, the supplier counter-sued SJG claiming it is owed an additional   $14.3 million   through September 30, 2016 under the same contract, which would be recoverable in rates. Liabilities related to these claims are accrued when the amount or range of amounts of probable settlement costs or other charges for these claims can be reasonably estimated.  
    
  COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS   -   Unionized personnel represent approximately   61%   of our workforce at   September 30, 2016  . The Company has collective bargaining agreements with   two   unions who represent these employees: the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) operates under a collective bargaining agreement that runs through February 2017; and the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) operates under a collective bargaining agreement that expires in August 2017. 

10. 
    FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
       
  GAAP establishes a hierarchy that prioritizes fair value measurements based on the types of inputs used for the various valuation techniques.  The levels of the hierarchy are described below: 

Level 1:  Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2:  Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; these include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level 3:  Unobservable inputs that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions. 
       
  Assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the valuation of financial assets and financial liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  For financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, information about the fair value measurements for each major category is as follows (in thousands): 

19 

     Table of Contents  

(A)  Available-for-Sale Securities include securities that are traded in active markets and securities that are not traded publicly. The securities traded in active markets are valued using the quoted principal market close prices that are provided by the trustees and are categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. The remaining securities consist of funds that are not publicly traded. These funds, which consist of stocks and bonds that are traded individually in active markets, are valued using quoted prices for similar assets and are categorized in Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  (B)  Derivatives   Energy Related Assets and Liabilities are traded in both exchange-based and non-exchange-based markets. Exchange-based contracts are valued using unadjusted quoted market sources in active markets and are categorized in Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. Certain non-exchange-based contracts are valued using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter, on-line exchanges and are categorized in Level 2. These price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask mid-point prices and are obtained from sources that management believes provide the most liquid market. For non-exchange-based derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs. In instances where observable data is unavailable, management considers the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. This includes assumptions about market risks such as liquidity, volatility and contract duration. Such instruments are categorized in Level 3 as the model inputs generally are not observable.  
    
  Significant Unobservable Inputs - Management uses the discounted cash flow model to value Level 3 physical and financial forward contracts, which calculates mark-to-market valuations based on forward market prices, original transaction prices, volumes, risk-free rate of return and credit spreads. Inputs to the valuation model are reviewed and revised as needed, based on historical information, updated market data, market liquidity and relationships, and changes in third party pricing sources. The validity of the mark-to-market valuations and changes in mark-to-market valuations from period to period are examined and qualified against historical expectations by the risk management function. If any discrepancies are identified during this process, the mark-to-market valuations or the market pricing information is evaluated further and adjusted, if necessary. 
    
  Level 3 valuation methods for natural gas derivative contracts include utilizing another location in close proximity adjusted for certain pipeline charges to derive a basis value. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of certain natural gas contracts consist of forward prices developed based on industry-standard methodologies. Significant increases (decreases) in these forward prices for purchases of natural gas would result in a directionally similar impact to the fair value measurement and for sales of natural gas would result in a directionally opposite impact to the fair value measurement. 
    
  (C)  Derivatives   Other, include interest rate swaps that are valued using quoted prices on commonly quoted intervals, which are interpolated for periods different than the quoted intervals, as inputs to a market valuation model. Market inputs can generally be verified and model selection does not involve significant management judgment. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides quantitative information regarding significant unobservable inputs in Level 3 fair value measurements (in thousands): 

(A) Represents the range, along with the weighted average, of forward prices for the sale and purchase of natural gas. 
    
  The changes in fair value measurements of Derivatives - Energy Related Assets and Liabilities for the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2016, using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), are as follows (in thousands): 

The changes in fair value measurements of Derivatives - Energy Related Assets and Liabilities for the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2015, using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), are as follows (in thousands): 

21 

     Table of Contents  

11.          DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS: 
    
  SJG is involved in buying, selling, transporting and storing natural gas and is subject to market risk on expected future purchases and sales due to commodity price fluctuations. The Company, through a counterparty, uses a variety of derivative instruments to limit this exposure to market risk in accordance with strict corporate guidelines. These derivative instruments include forward contracts, futures contracts, swap agreements and options contracts. As of   September 30, 2016  , SJG had outstanding derivative contracts intended to limit the exposure to market risk on   8.7   million decatherms (MMdts) of expected future purchases of natural gas and   0.6   MMdts of expected future sales of natural gas. In addition to these derivative contracts, SJG had basis and index related purchase contracts of   4.6   MMdts and sales contracts of   9.0   MMdts for net contracted volumes of   4.4   MMdts. These contracts, which do not qualify for the normal purchase and sale exemption and have not been designated as hedging instruments under GAAP, are measured at fair value and recorded in Derivatives   Energy Related Assets or Derivatives   Energy Related Liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. The costs or benefits of these short-term contracts are recoverable through SJG s BGSS clause, subject to BPU approval. As a result, the net unrealized pre-tax gains and losses for these energy-related commodity contracts are included with realized gains and losses in Regulatory Assets or Regulatory Liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , SJG had   $0.8 million   and   $4.7 million   of unrealized gains, respectively, included in its BGSS related to open financial contracts. 
    
  The Company has also entered into interest rate derivatives to hedge exposure to increasing interest rates and the impact of those rates on cash flows of variable-rate debt. These interest rate derivatives, which have not been designated as hedging instruments under GAAP, are measured at fair value and recorded in Derivatives-Other on the condensed balance sheets. The fair value represents the amount SJG would have to pay the counterparty to terminate these contracts as of those dates. There have been no significant changes to the Company s active interest rate swaps since   December 31, 2015  , which are described in Note 1 to the Financial Statements in Item 8 of SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Subject to BPU approval, the market value upon termination of these interest rate derivatives can be recovered in rates and, therefore, these unrealized losses have been included in Regulatory Assets on the condensed balance sheets. 
    
  We previously used derivative transactions known as  Treasury Locks  to hedge against the impact on our cash flows of possible interest rate increases on debt issued in September 2005. The initial   $1.4 million   cost of the Treasury Locks has been included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss and is being amortized over the   30  -year life of the associated debt issue. As of both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the unamortized balance was approximately   $0.9 million  . 
  . 
  The fair values of all derivative instruments, as reflected in the condensed balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , are as follows (in thousands): 

The Company enters into derivative contracts with counterparties, some of which are subject to master netting arrangements, which allow net settlements under certain conditions. The Company presents derivatives at gross fair values on the condensed balance sheets.  

22 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , information related to these offsetting arrangements were as follows (in thousands): 

(A) The balances at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were related to derivative liabilities which can be net settled against derivative assets. 
    
  (B) The balances at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were related to derivative assets which can be net settled against derivative liabilities. 
    
  The effect of derivative instruments on the condensed statements of income for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows (in thousands): 

(a) Included in Interest Charges 
    
  A net realized gain of   $0.9 million   and a net realized loss of   $1.6 million   associated with SJG's energy-related financial commodity contracts for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and loss of   $3.5 million   and   $6.4 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are not included in the above table. These contracts are part of SJG s regulated risk management activities that serve to mitigate BGSS costs passed on to its customers. As these transactions are entered into pursuant to, and recoverable through, regulatory riders, any changes in the value of SJG s energy-related financial commodity contracts are deferred in Regulatory Assets or Liabilities, as applicable, and there is no impact to earnings.  

23 

Table of Contents  

In January 2016, SJG issued   $61.0 million   of long-term debt at   1.37%   under a   $200.0 million   aggregate syndicated bank term facility. The facility is now fully drawn. The total outstanding amount under this facility as of    September 30, 2016   was   $200.0 million  , which was reclassified to current portion of long-term debt on the condensed balance sheets as it is due within one year. SJG is evaluating alternatives, including refinancing or renewing the facility. 
    
  In July, SJG retired   $17.0 million   of   4.60%    Medium Term Notes ("MTN's") at maturity.  
    
  In August, SJG retired   $10.0 million   of   5.437%   MTN's at maturity.   
    
  The Company did not issue or retire any other long-term debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We retire debt when it is cost effective as permitted by the debt agreements.   

13.    ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS: 
    
  The changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (AOCL) for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands): 

(a) Determined using a combined average statutory tax rate of   40%  . 
  (b) See table below. 

24 

     Table of Contents  

The reclassifications out of AOCL during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands): 

(a) Determined using a combined average statutory tax rate of   40%  . 

14.    OTHER PAID IN CAPITAL: 
    
  In June 2016, SJG received an equity infusion of   $65.0 million   from SJI. 

15.    SUBSEQUENT EVENT: 
    
  In October 2016, the BPU approved SJG s request to extend its AIRP for a   five  -year period commencing October 1, 2016 and ending September 30, 2021, with authorized investments of up to   $302.5 million   to continue replacing cast iron and unprotected bare steel mains and associated services (AIRP II). Cost recovery of AIRP II investments, including a return on SJG s investments, will be accomplished through annual base rate adjustments that will occur on October 1   st    of each year of the program. The BPU also approved an increase in annual revenues from base rates of   $11.0 million  , including taxes, to reflect the roll-in of the remaining   $74.5 million   of prior AIRP investments, made from the time of SJG s last base rate case through the end of the first AIRP program, that were not yet reflected in rates. These rates will be effective as of December 1, 2016. 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis 
  of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

OVERVIEW: 
    
  Organization   - We are an operating public utility company engaged in the purchase, transmission and sale of natural gas for residential, commercial and industrial use. We also sell natural gas and pipeline transportation capacity (off-system sales) on a wholesale basis to various customers on the interstate pipeline system and transport natural gas purchased directly from producers or suppliers to their customers. We served   374,637   customers at   September 30, 2016   compared with   369,807   customers at   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors     - This Quarterly Report, including information incorporated by reference, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  
  All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding future results of operations or financial position, expected sources of incremental margin, strategy, financing needs, future capital expenditures and the outcome or effect of ongoing litigation, are forward-looking. This Quarterly Report uses words such as  anticipate,   believe,   expect,   estimate,   forecast,   goal,   intend,   objective,   plan,   project,   seek,   strategy, "target,"  will  and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of management at the time that these statements were made and are inherently uncertain. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions on an international, national, state and local level; weather conditions in SJG s marketing areas; changes in commodity costs; changes in the availability of natural gas;  non-routine  or  extraordinary  disruptions in SJG s distribution system; regulatory, legislative and court decisions; competition; the availability and cost of capital; costs and effects of legal proceedings and environmental liabilities; the failure of customers, suppliers or business partners to fulfill their contractual obligations; and changes in business strategies. 
    
  These risks and uncertainties, as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements, are described in greater detail under the heading  Item 1A. Risk factors  in this Quarterly Report and in SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and in any other SEC filings incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report. No assurance can be given that any goal or plan set forth in any forward-looking statement can or will be achieved, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. SJG undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.   
    
  Critical Accounting Policies   -   Estimates and Assumptions   - Management must make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed financial statements and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Five types of transactions presented in our condensed financial statements require a significant amount of judgment and estimation. These relate to regulatory accounting, derivatives, environmental remediation costs, pension and other postretirement benefit costs, and revenue recognition. A discussion of these estimates and assumptions may be found in SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements     -      See detailed discussions concerning New Accounting Pronouncements and their impact on SJG in Note 1 to the condensed financial statements. 
    
  Regulatory Actions         Other than the changes discussed in Note 3 to the condensed financial statements, there have been no significant regulatory actions since   December 31, 2015  . See detailed discussions concerning regulatory actions in Note 3 to the Financial Statements in item 8 of SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Environmental Remediation         Other than the changes discussed in Note 4 to the condensed financial statements,there have been no significant changes to the status of SJG s environmental remediation efforts since   December 31, 2015  . See detailed discussion concerning environmental remediation costs in Note 12 to the Financial Statements in Item 8 of SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Competition     -   See detailed discussion concerning competition in SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Customer Choice Legislation     -   All residential natural gas customers in New Jersey can choose their natural gas commodity supplier under the terms of the    Electric Discount and Energy Competition Act of 1999  .  This bill created the framework and necessary time schedules for the restructuring of the state s electric and natural gas utilities. The Act established   unbundling  , under which redesigned utility rate structures allow natural gas and electric consumers to choose their energy supplier. Customers purchasing natural gas from a provider other than the local utility (marketer) are charged for the gas costs by the marketer and charged for the transportation costs by the utility. The number of customers purchasing their natural gas from marketers was   34,039   and   35,722   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS: 
    
  The following table summarizes the composition of selected gas utility data for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30  , (in thousands, except for degree day data): 

27 

     Table of Contents  

*Represents expenses for which there is a corresponding credit in operating revenues.  Therefore, such recoveries have no impact on our financial results. 
  **Utility Margin is further defined under the caption "Margin (pre-tax)" below. 

28 

     Table of Contents  

Throughput         Total gas throughput increased by 4.8 MMdts and 5.6 MMdts during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily due to increases in capacity release in both periods in 2016. The increases in capacity release volume are primarily related to specific releases made of Columbia pipeline capacity that did not occur in the same periods in 2015. An increase in third-party supplier deliveries on Columbia pipeline to SJG s system freed up capacity at SJG and allowed for additional capacity release of 3.3 MMdts and 8.2 MMdts during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015.  Off-System Sales (OSS) volume also increased 1.4 MMdts and 2.5 MMdts during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015, primarily due to increased opportunity to supply natural gas to gas-fired power generation facilities during the summer months of 2016.  
    
  Total firm throughput was relatively unchanged during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. Total firm throughput decreased 4.9 MMdts, or 10.6%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The primary reason for the decrease was unseasonably warm weather that was 16.0% warmer during the first nine months of 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. The negative impact of weather on firm throughput was partially offset by the addition of 4,830 customers, a 1.3% increase over the last twelve months. 
    
  Operating Revenues       Revenues increased $3.4 million, or 5.8%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. Total firm revenue was relatively unchanged during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. 
    
  The increase in OSS volume, discussed above under "Throughput," coupled with a 6% increase in unit prices, resulted in a corresponding increase in revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. While capacity release throughput increased significantly during the third quarter, lower unit prices prevailed in the market, which netted to a slight revenue decrease in the third quarter of 2016, compared with the same period last year. The impact of changes in OSS and capacity release activity does not have a material impact on the earnings of SJG, as SJG is required to return 85% of the profits of such activity to its ratepayers. Earnings from OSS and capacity release can be seen in the  Margin  table above. 
    
  Revenues decreased $83.6 million, or 20.8%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. Total firm revenue was $82.5 million lower during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year, due to several factors. Firm throughput was significantly lower during the first nine months of 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year, as discussed above under  Throughput.  The impact of this reduction in throughput lowered SJG s recovery of natural gas costs through its Basic Gas Supply Service (BGSS) mechanism by $44.2 million. In addition, SJG reduced its BGSS rate effective October 1, 2015 by 18.6%, further reducing revenue by $25.9 million during the first nine months of 2016. Finally, SJG provided a $20.0 million BGSS bill credit to its residential and small commercial customers in January 2016, of which $18.7 million reduced revenue for the first nine months of 2016, after consideration for sales tax. While changes in natural gas costs and BGSS recoveries/refunds fluctuate from period to period, SJG does not profit from the sale of the commodity. Therefore, fluctuations in Operating Revenue and Cost of Sales, such as those discussed above, did not have an impact on SJG s profitability. 
    
  Despite the increase in OSS discussed above under "Throughput," a 33% reduction in unit prices resulted in a net decrease of $4.6 million in OSS revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the same period in 2015. Capacity release revenue increased $4.5 million as a result of specific releases to Transco Zone 5 at a relatively high value, which primarily occurred during the first quarter of 2016. However, as previously discussed, the impact of changes in OSS and capacity release activity does not have a material impact on the earnings of SJG. 

29 

     Table of Contents  

Conservation Incentive Program (CIP)   - The effects of the CIP on our net income and the associated weather comparisons are as follows (dollars in millions): 

Margin (pre-tax)     -   SJG s margin is defined as natural gas revenues less natural gas costs, regulatory rider expenses and related volumetric and revenue-based energy taxes. Management believes that margin provides a more meaningful basis for evaluating utility operations than revenues since natural gas costs, regulatory rider expenses and related energy taxes are passed through to customers and, therefore, have no effect on margin. Natural gas costs are charged to operating expenses on the basis of therm sales at the prices approved by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (BPU) through SJG s BGSS clause. 
    
  Total margin increased $1.0 million, or 3.3%, and $7.0 million, or 4.0%, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with the same periods in 2015. The rolling into base rates of Storm Hardening and Reliability Program (SHARP) investments of approximately $36.6 million on October 1, 2015 contributed approximately $0.6 million and $3.4 million of additional margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with the same periods in 2015. In addition, SJG added 4,830 customers over the 12-month period ended September 30, 2016, contributing approximately $0.3 million and $3.0 million in additional margin during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with the same periods of 2015. 
  The CIP tracking mechanism adjusts earnings when actual usage per customer experienced during the period varies from an established baseline usage per customer. As reflected in the margin and CIP tables above, the CIP mechanism protected margin by $0.5 million, or $0.3 million after taxes, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to lower customer usage related to energy conservation. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, the CIP mechanism reduced margin by $1.8 million, or $1.1 million after taxes, primarily due to higher customer usage. The CIP mechanism protected $8.4 million, or $5.0 million after taxes, of margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that would have been lost due to weather that was warmer than average and lower customer usage. The CIP mechanism reduced margin by $20.2 million, or $12.0 million after taxes, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to weather that was colder than normal.  
    
  Operating Expenses   - A summary of changes in operating expenses (in thousands): 

30 

     Table of Contents  

Operations   -   Operations expense decreased $1.4 million and $10.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared with the same periods in 2015. The decreases primarily resulted from the operation of SJG s New Jersey Clean Energy Program and Energy Efficiency Programs, which experienced net decreases of $1.1 million and $11.6 million in each respective period. Such costs are recovered on a dollar-for-dollar basis; therefore, SJG experienced an offsetting decrease in revenue during the three and nine months  ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same periods in the prior year. This was due to a reduction in the approved level of  recovery of such costs, as well as lower recoveries resulting from warmer weather, primarily during the first quarter of 2016, as previously discussed under  Throughput .  These decreases were partially offset by higher expenses is various areas, primarily those associated with corporate support, governance and compliance costs, primarily attributable to our parent, SJI, which increased $.5 million and $2.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 
    
  Maintenance      - Changes in Maintenance expenses were not significant for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. Maintenance expenses increased $0.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 , compared with the same period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in maintenance of services activity during the first and second quarters. 
    
  Depreciation   - Depreciation expense increased $1.3 million and $4.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with the same periods in 2015, due mainly to our continuing investment in property, plant and equipment. 
    
  Energy and Other Taxes   -Changes in Energy and Other Taxes were not significant for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period in 2015. Energy and Other Taxes decreased $0.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period in 2015, due mainly to lower revenue-based taxes, which decreased as a result of lower revenue during the first quarter of 2016, as previously discussed under  Revenue .  
    
  Other Income and Expense   - Changes in Other Income and Expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in 2015, were not significant. 
    
  Interest Charges       Interest Charges decreased $0.8 million and $1.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same periods in 2015, primarily due to higher capitalization of interest costs on construction during 2016. This was a result of accumulating capital investments under the Company's AIRP. AIRP investments are approved by the BPU to accrue interest on construction until such time they are rolled into base rates. This is partially offset by interest on $61.0 million of long-term debt issued in January 2016 (see Note 12 to the condensed  financial statements). 
    
  Income Taxes         Income tax expense generally fluctuates as income before income taxes changes. Minor variations will occur period to period as a result of effective tax rate adjustments.  

31 

Table of Contents  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  : 
    
  Liquidity needs are driven by factors that include natural gas commodity prices; the impact of weather on customer bills; lags in fully collecting gas costs from customers under the Basic Gas Supply Service charge; the timing of construction and remediation expenditures and related permanent financings; mandated tax payment dates; both discretionary and required repayments of long-term debt; and the amounts and timing of dividend payments. 
    
  Cash Flows from Operating Activities   - Liquidity needs are first met with net cash provided by operating activities. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled   $108.7 million   and   $124.8 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. Net cash provided by operating activities varies from year-to-year primarily due to the impact of weather on customer demand and related gas purchases, customer usage factors related to conversion efforts and the price of the natural gas commodity, inventory utilization, and gas cost recoveries. Net cash provided by operations decreased primarily due to lower collections under regulatory clauses due to  warmer weather experienced throughout the first nine months of 2016, as well as higher costs associated with environmental remediation. These impacts were positively offset by SJG not making a pension payment this year as compared with last year. In 2015, SJG made a $12.0 million pension contribution as a result of a decline in the discount rate and new mortality tables released at the end of 2014, both of which negatively impacted the funding status of the pension plans. The Company strives to keep its pension plans fully funded. When factors such as lesser than expected asset performance and/or declining discount rates negatively impact the funding status of the plans, the Company increases its contributions to supplant that funding shortfall.   
    
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities   - SJG has a continuing need for cash resources for capital expenditures, primarily to invest in new and replacement facilities and equipment. Cash used for capital expenditures was   $161.7 million   and   $147.3 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. We estimate the net cash outflows for capital expenditures for fiscal years   2016  ,   2017   and   2018   to be approximately   $217.8 million  ,   $250.0 million   and   $277.6 million  , respectively. For capital expenditures, including those under the AIRP, SJG expects to use short-term borrowings to finance capital expenditures as incurred. From time to time, the Company may refinance the short-term debt incurred to support capital expenditures with long-term debt.  
    
  In June 2015, SJG advanced   $10.0 million   to a not-for-profit organization formed to spur economic development in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The Note included interest at   1%   for an initial term of   six   months, with the borrower s option to extend the term for   two   additional terms of   three   months each. In December 2015 and February 2016, the borrower exercised each option, respectively. In July 2016, the note was repaid in full, including interest.  
  In September 2016, SJG placed   $8.3 million   in an escrow account to construct SJG's building in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The money is restricted until the final contracts are approved, at which time the money will be released for use in constructing SJG's building. 
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities   - SJG uses short-term borrowings under lines of credit from commercial banks, or under its commercial paper program discussed below, to supplement cash from operations, to support working capital needs and to finance capital expenditures as incurred. From time to time, the Company refinances short-term debt incurred to finance capital expenditures with long-term debt. Debt is incurred primarily to expand and upgrade our gas transmission and distribution system and to support seasonal working capital needs related to inventories and customer receivables. In January, the Company issued $61.0 million of long-term debt under a $200.0 million aggregate syndicated bank term facility. The total outstanding amount under this facility as of   September 30, 2016   was $200.0 million.  
    
  Credit facilities and available liquidity as of   September 30, 2016   were as follows (in thousands): 

(A) Includes letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $0.8 million. 
    
  The SJG facility is provided by a syndicate of banks and contains one financial covenant limiting the ratio of indebtedness to total capitalization (as defined in the credit agreement) to not more than 0.65 to 1, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter. SJG was in compliance with this covenant as of   September 30, 2016  .  

32 

     Table of Contents  

SJG manages a commercial paper program under which SJG may issue short-term, unsecured promissory notes to qualified investors up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of   $200.0 million  . The notes have fixed maturities which vary by note, but may not exceed   270   days from the date of issue. Proceeds from the notes are used for general corporate purposes.  SJG intends to use the commercial paper program in tandem with its   $200.0 million   revolving credit facility and does not expect the principal amount of borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program and the credit facility at any time to exceed an aggregate of   $200.0 million  . 
    
  Average borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program/revolving credit facility, during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $64.5 million   and   $117.9 million  , respectively. The maximum amount outstanding under these credit facilities, not including letters of credit, during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $141.7 million   and   $162.3 million  , respectively. 
    
  In January 2016, SJG issued   $61.0 million   of long-term debt at   1.37%   under a   $200.00 million   aggregate syndicated bank term facility. The facility is now fully drawn. The total outstanding amount under this facility as of    September 30, 2016   was   $200.0 million  , which was reclassified to current portion of long-term debt on the condensed balance sheets as it is due within one year. SJG is evaluating alternatives, including refinancing or renewing the facility. 
    
  In June 2016, SJG received an equity infusion of $65.0 million from SJI. 
    
  In July, SJG retired   $17.0 million   of   4.60%   MTN's at maturity.  
    
  In August, SJG retired   $10.0 million   of   5.437%   MTN's at maturity.   
    
  Based upon the existing credit facilities and a regular dialogue with our banks, we believe there will continue to be sufficient credit available to meet our future liquidity needs. 
    
  SJG supplements its operating cash flow and credit lines with both debt and equity capital. Over the years, SJG has used long-term debt, primarily in the form of First Mortgage Bonds and MTN's, secured by the same pool of utility assets, to finance our long-term borrowing needs. These needs are primarily capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment.   
    
  SJG s capital structure was as follows: 

(A) Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period condensed balance sheets to conform to the current period presentation, causing the amounts as of December 31, 2015 to be adjusted. See Note 1 to the condensed financial statements. 

33 

Table of Contents  

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES: 
    
  SJG has a continuing need for cash resources and capital, primarily to invest in new and replacement facilities and equipment, working capital, and for environmental remediation costs. Cash outflows for capital expenditures for the first   nine   months of   2016   and 2015 amounted to $  161.7 million   and $147.3 million, respectively. Management estimates net cash outflows for construction projects for   2016  ,   2017   and   2018  , to be approximately   $217.8 million  ,   $250.0 million   and   $277.6 million  , respectively. Costs for remediation projects, net of recoveries from ratepayers, for the first   nine   months of    2016    and 2015 amounted to net cash outflows of   $22.3 million   and  $10.4 million, respectively. Total net cash outflows for remediation projects are expected to be   $34.8 million  ,   $41.7 million   and   $28.5 million   for 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively. As discussed in Notes 4 and 12 to the Financial Statements in Item 8 of  SJG s 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , environmental remediation costs are subject to recovery from ratepayers. 
    
  SJG provided a   $0.8 million   letter of credit under  its revolving credit facility to support the remediation of environmental conditions at certain locations in our service territory. SJG also provided a   $25.2 million   letter of credit under a separate facility, outside of the revolving credit facility, to support variable-rate demand bonds issued through the NJEDA to finance the expansion of SJG's natural gas distribution system.   
    
  SJG has certain commitments for interstate pipeline capacity and storage services. Those commitments as of   September 30, 2016  , average   $69.2 million   annually and total   $321.7 million   over the contracts  lives.  Approximately   36%   of the financial commitments under these contracts expire during the next five years. SJG expects to renew each of these contracts under renewal provisions as provided in each contract. SJG recovers all such prudently incurred fees through rates via the BGSS. 
    
  Contractual Cash Obligations       Details concerning contractual cash obligations may be found in SJG s Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  SJG's contractual cash obligations increased $118.5 million from December 31, 2015 primarily due to the issuance of $61.0 million of long-term debt under a $200.0 million aggregate syndicated bank term facility, $81.4 million increase in vendor agreements regarding contractor payments for construction and an increase in the expected future expenditures for remediation activities primarily due to an increase in the scope of the remediation at a site related to additional contamination being discovered, offset by the retirement of $17.0 million of 4.60% MTN's and $10.0 million of 5.437% MTN's, both at maturity. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     -   We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
    
  Pending Litigation   - SJG is subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of business and other legal proceedings. SJG accrues liabilities related to claims when SJG can reasonably estimate the amount or range of amounts of probable settlement costs or other charges for these claims. SJG is currently involved in a pricing dispute related to a long-term gas supply contract whereby SJG has sued the supplier to recover amounts that were improperly invoiced. Subsequently, the supplier counter-sued SJG claiming it is owed an additional   $14.3 million   through September 30, 2016 under the same contract, which would be recoverable in rates. Liabilities related to these claims are accrued when the amount or range of amounts of probable settlement costs or other charges for these claims can be reasonably estimated. The Company has accrued approximately   $0.7 million   and   $0.8 million  , related to all claims in the aggregate, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  

34 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 
    
  MARKET RISKS: 
    
  Commodity Market Risks   - We are involved in buying, selling, transporting and storing natural gas and are subject to market risk due to price fluctuations. To hedge against this risk, we enter into a variety of physical and financial transactions including forward contracts, futures and options agreements. To manage these transactions, we have a well-defined risk management policy approved by our Board of Directors that includes volumetric and monetary limits. Management reviews reports detailing activity daily. Generally, the derivative activities described above are entered into for risk management purposes. 
    
  We transact commodities on a physical and financial basis. As part of our gas purchasing strategy, we use financial contracts through a counterparty to hedge against forward price risk. These contracts are recoverable through our BGSS, subject to BPU approval. The majority of our contracts are typically less than twelve-months long.  
    
  The fair value and maturity of these energy trading and hedging contracts determined using mark-to-market accounting as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands): 

NYMEX (New York Mercantile Exchange) is the primary national commodities exchange on which natural gas is traded.  Contracted volumes of our NYMEX contracts are 8.1MMdt with a weighted-average settlement price of $2.87 per dt. Basis represents the price of a NYMEX natural gas futures contract adjusted for the difference in price for delivering the gas at another location. Contracted volumes of our Basis contracts are 4.4MMdt with a weighted-average settlement price of $1.29 per dt. 
    
  A reconciliation of our estimated net fair value of energy-related derivatives follows (in thousands): 

35 

     Table of Contents  

Interest Rate Risk   - Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to variable-rate borrowings. Variable-rate debt, including both short-term and long-term debt, outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , was $281.0 million and averaged $260.4 million during the first nine months of   2016  . A hypothetical 100 basis point (1%) increase in interest rates on our average variable-rate debt outstanding would result in a $1.6 million increase in our annual interest expense, net of tax. The 100 basis point increase was chosen for illustrative purposes, as it provides a simple basis for calculating the impact of interest rate changes under a variety of interest rate scenarios. Over the past five years, the change in basis points (b.p.) of our average monthly interest rates from the beginning to end of each year was as follows: 2015 - 20 b.p. increase; 2014 - 32 b.p. increase; 2013 - 14 b.p. decrease; 2012 - 1 b.p. decrease; and 2011 - 14 b.p. decrease. As of   September 30, 2016  , our average interest rate on variable-rate debt was 1.30. 
    
  We typically issue long-term debt either at fixed rates or use interest rate derivatives to limit our exposure to changes in interest rates on variable-rate, long-term debt. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest costs on 446.0 million of long-term debt was either at a fixed-rate or hedged via an interest rate derivative.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , SJG s active interest rate swaps were as follows: 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  SJG s management, with the participation of its president (principal executive officer) and chief financial officer (principal financial officer), evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of SJG s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act) as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, SJG s president and chief financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures employed at SJG are effective. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  There has not been any change in SJG s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act, during the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, SJG s internal control over financial reporting. 

36 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item l. Legal Proceedings 
    
  Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to Part I, Item 2, Pending Litigation, beginning on page 34. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  Other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Item 1A of SJG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Our business could be harmed by cybersecurity threats and related disruptions 
  We rely extensively on information technology systems to process transactions, transmit and store information and manage our business. Disruption or failure of our information technology systems could shut down our facilities or otherwise harm our ability to safely deliver natural gas to our customers, serve our customers effectively, or manage our assets, or otherwise materially disrupt our business. 
    
  Cyber threats are constantly evolving, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. SJG has experienced such attacks in the past; however, based on information currently available to SJG, none have had a material impact on its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In response, we have invested in expanded cybersecurity systems and procedures designed to ensure the continuous and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems and protect against unauthorized access. However, all information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to security threats, including hacking, viruses, other malicious software, and other unlawful attempts to disrupt or gain access to such systems. There is no guarantee that our cybersecurity systems and procedures will prevent or detect the unauthorized access by experienced computer programmers, hackers or others.  An attack on or failure of our information technology systems could result in the unauthorized disclosure, theft, misuse or destruction of customer or employee data or business or confidential information, or disrupt the performance of our information technology systems. These events could expose us to potential liability, litigation, governmental inquiries, investigations or regulatory actions, harm our brand and reputation, diminish customer confidence, disrupt operations, and subject us to payment of fines or other penalties, legal claims by our clients and significant remediation costs. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits 
    
  (a)           Exhibits 
                          Exhibit 
  No. 
      
    Description 
      
    Reference 

31.1 
      
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 

31.2 
      
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 

32.1 
      
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code). 

32.2 
      
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code). 

101 
      
    The following financial statements from South Jersey Gas  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2016 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Statements of Income; (ii) the Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Condensed Statements of Cash Flows; (iv) the Condensed Balance Sheets and (v) the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 

38 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
  SOUTH JERSEY GAS COMPANY 
  (Registrant) 
    
                     Dated: 
    November 4, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Stephen H. Clark 

Stephen H. Clark 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sjg-93016ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Jeffrey E. DuBois, certify that: 
    
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   of South Jersey Gas Company; 
    
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15 d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
    
  a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

South Jersey Gas Company 

Date: 
    November 4, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Jeffrey E. DuBois                                  

Jeffrey E. DuBois 

President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sjg-93016ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 

I, Stephen H. Clark, certify that: 
    
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , of South Jersey Gas Company; 
    
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15 d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
    
  a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

South Jersey Gas Company 

Date: 
    November 4, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Stephen H. Clark 

Stephen H. Clark 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sjg-93016ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of South Jersey Gas Company (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jeffrey E. DuBois, President (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
    
  (1)           The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2)           The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jeffrey E. DuBois 
      
      Name:  Jeffrey E. DuBois 
      Title:  President 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 
      November 4, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sjg-93016ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of South Jersey Gas Company (the  Company ) for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Stephen H. Clark, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
    
  (1)           The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  (2)           The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Stephen H. Clark 
      
      Name:  Stephen H. Clark 
      Title:  Chief Financial Officer 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 
      November 4, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 sjg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sjg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sjg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sjg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sjg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sjg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

