<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_5272_0000005272-16-000052_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>47261046</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>508014</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1876146</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18513257</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>18506238</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3207783</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>166</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000005272-16-000052.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103163734
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000005272-16-000052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		138
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000005272
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				132592361
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08787
		FILM NUMBER:		161972202

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 WATER STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127707000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 WATER STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10038

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19700507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000005272-16-000052.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 maindocument001.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington, D.C.
20549   

   ________________   

   FORM 10-Q   

American
  International Group, Inc.   
     (Exact name of
  registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware   

13-2592361   

(State
  or other jurisdiction of  
    incorporation
  or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer  
    Identification No.)  

175
  Water Street, New York, New York   

10038   

(Address
  of principal executive offices)  

(Zip Code)  

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code: (212) 770-7000   

   ________________   

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes             No             

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site,
if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).  Yes             No         

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer       

Accelerated filer         

Non-accelerated
  filer         

Smaller reporting company         

(Do not check if a  
    smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes              No            

As
of November 2, 2016, there were 1,027,135,119 shares outstanding of the registrant s common
stock.  

AMERICAN
INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.   

     QUARTERLY REPORT
ON FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   

   September 30, 2016   

   Table of Contents   

1   

TABLE OF CONTENTS     

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1. Financial Statements     

American
International Group, Inc.    

    CONDENSED Consolidated
Balance Sheets        (        unaudited        )     

2   

TABLE OF
CONTENTS                

Item 1 / Financial statements             

American International Group, Inc.    

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS)               (        unaudited        )     

3   

TABLE OF
CONTENTS                

Item 1 / Financial statements             

American International Group, Inc.    

    CONDENSED Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)        (        unaudited        )     

4   

TABLE OF
CONTENTS                

Item 1 / Financial statements             

American International Group, Inc.    

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
Statements of Equity                 (        unaudited        )     

See accompanying Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.    

5   

TABLE OF
CONTENTS                

Item 1 / Financial statements             

American International Group, Inc.    

    CONDENSED Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows        (        unaudited        )     

Supplementary
  Disclosure of Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Information   

Cash paid
  during the period for:   

Interest  

$   

1,009   

$  

1,112  

Taxes  

$   

208   

$  

406  

Non-cash
  investing/financing activities:   

Interest
  credited to policyholder contract deposits included in financing activities  

$   

2,691   

$  

2,801  

Non-cash
  consideration received from sale of AerCap  

$   

-   

$  

500  

See
  accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

6   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1
/           NOTE 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

1. BASIS
OF PRESENTATION       

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading
global insurance organization serving customers in more than 100 countries and
jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional and individual
customers through one of the most extensive worldwide property casualty
networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG companies are leading providers of
life insurance and retirement services in the United States. AIG Common Stock,
par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common Stock), is listed on the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE: AIG) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Unless the context indicates
otherwise, the terms  AIG,   we,   us  or  our  mean American International
Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries and the term  AIG Parent 
means American International Group, Inc. and not any of its consolidated
subsidiaries.  

  These unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
do not include all disclosures that are normally included in annual financial
statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States (GAAP) and should be read in conjunction with the audited
Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (2015 Annual Report).
The condensed consolidated financial information as of December 31, 2015
included herein has been derived from the audited Consolidated Financial
Statements in the 2015 Annual Report.  

  Certain of our foreign subsidiaries included in the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements report on different fiscal-period bases. The
effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations of all
material events occurring at these subsidiaries through the date of each of the
periods presented in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements has been
considered for adjustment and/or disclosure. In the opinion of management,
these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contain normal recurring
adjustments, including eliminations of material intercompany accounts and
transactions, necessary for a fair statement of the results presented herein.   

  Interim-period operating results may not be indicative of the
operating results for a full year. We evaluated the need to recognize or
disclose events that occurred subsequent to September 30, 2016 and prior to the
issuance of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

   Sales
of Businesses   

NSM  

On August 31, 2016, we sold our controlling interest in NSM
Insurance Group (NSM), a managing general agent to ABRY Partners, a private
equity firm, for consideration of $201 million resulting in a pre-tax gain of
approximately $105 million in the third quarter of 2016. We retained an equity
interest in a newly formed joint venture and will continue to provide
underwriting capacity to NSM, and we retained exclusive renewal rights for
certain business written through NSM.   

  In addition, see Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements for information regarding recent sales of businesses
that are classified as held-for-sale.  

  ILFC  

On May 14, 2014, we completed the sale of 100 percent of the
common stock of International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC) to AerCap
Ireland Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap), in
exchange for total consideration of approximately $7.6 billion, including cash
and 97.6 million newly issued AerCap common shares (the AerCap      

7   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1
/           NOTE 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Transaction). The total value of the consideration was
based in part on AerCap s closing price per share of $47.01 on May 13, 2014.   

  In June 2015, we sold 86.9 million ordinary shares of AerCap
by means of an underwritten public offering of 71.2 million ordinary shares and
a private sale of 15.7 million ordinary shares to AerCap. We received cash
proceeds of approximately $3.7 billion, reflecting proceeds of approximately
$3.4 billion from the underwritten offering and cash proceeds of $250 million
from the private sale of shares to AerCap. In connection with the closing of
the private sale of shares to AerCap, we also received $500 million of 6.50%
fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated notes issued by AerCap Global
Aviation Trust and guaranteed by AerCap and certain of its
subsidiaries. These notes, included in Bonds available for sale, mature in
2045 and are callable beginning in 2025.  We accounted for our interest in
AerCap using the equity method of accounting through the date of the June 2015
sale, and as available for sale thereafter.  In August 2015, we sold our
remaining 10.7 million ordinary shares of AerCap by means of an underwritten
public offering and received proceeds of approximately $500 million.   

     Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a
significant degree of judgment. Accounting policies that we believe are most
dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions are considered our
critical accounting estimates and are related to the determination of:  

income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net
deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating profitability
of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax asset;  

liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses;  

reinsurance assets;  

valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent of
loss recognition;  

valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable
annuity products;  

estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs for
investment-oriented products;  

impairment charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on
available for sale securities, impairments on other invested assets, including
investments in life settlements, and goodwill impairment;  

liability for legal contingencies; and  

fair value measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities.  

  These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions
about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To
the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
materially affected.      

8   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1 /           NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Accounting
Standards Adopted During 2016   

Accounting for Share-Based Payments with Performance Targets   

In June 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
clarifies the accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award
provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service
period. The standard requires that a performance target that affects vesting
and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a
performance condition.  

  We adopted the standard prospectively on its required effective
date of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a material
effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows  .    

  Measuring
the Financial Assets and the Financial Liabilities of a Consolidated Collateralized
Financing Entity  

In August 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that allows a reporting entity to measure the financial assets and financial
liabilities of a qualifying consolidated collateralized financing entity using
the fair value of either its financial assets or financial liabilities,
whichever is more observable.  

  We adopted the standard retrospectively on its required
effective date of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows.    

  Consolidation: Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  

In February 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they
should consolidate certain legal entities. Specifically, the amendments modify
the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are
variable interest entities (VIEs) or voting interest entities; eliminate the
presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership;
affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with
VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party
relationships; and provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for
reporting entities with interests in legal entities that are required to comply
with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those in
Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money market
funds.  

  We adopted the standard prospectively on its required
effective date of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows.  

  Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing
Arrangement  

In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement
includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a
software license the customer should account for the software license element
of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses.
If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the
customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance
does not change generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a
customer's      

9   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1 /           NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

accounting for service contracts. 
Consequently, all software licenses will be accounted for consistent with other
licenses of intangible assets.  

  We adopted this standard prospectively on its required
effective date of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows  .   

  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  

In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that amends the guidance for debt issuance costs by requiring such costs to be
presented as a deduction to the corresponding debt liability, rather than as an
asset, and for the amortization of such costs to be reported as interest
expense.  The amendments are intended to simplify the presentation of debt
issuance costs and make it consistent with the presentation of debt discounts
or premiums. The amendments, however, do not change the recognition and
measurement guidance applicable to debt issuance costs.   

  We adopted this standard on a retrospective basis on
January 1, 2016, its required effective date.  Because the new standard
did not affect accounting recognition or measurement of debt issuance costs,
the adoption of the standard did not have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.    

  Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate
Net Asset Value per Share (or its Equivalent)  

In May 2015, the FASB amended guidance on fair value
disclosures for investments for which fair value is measured using the net
asset value (NAV) per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. 
The amendment  s    in this update remove the
requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for
which fair value is measured using the NAV per share practical expedient. 
In addition, the amendment removes the requirement to make certain disclosures
for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the
NAV per share as a practical expedient.    

  We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2016 on a retrospective basis.  The adoption of this standard
did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows.   

         Future Application of
Accounting Standards   

Revenue Recognition  

In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
supersedes most existing revenue recognition guidance. The standard excludes
from its scope the accounting for insurance contracts, leases, financial
instruments, and certain other agreements that are governed under other GAAP
guidance, but could affect the revenue recognition for certain of our other
activities.  

  The standard is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and may be applied
retrospectively or through a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings
at the date of adoption. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods
within that reporting period. We plan to adopt the standard on its required
effective date of January 1, 2018 and do not expect the adoption of the
standard to have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows  .   

10   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1 /           NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

Short Duration Insurance Contracts  

In May 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
requires additional disclosures (including accident year information) for
short-duration insurance contracts. New disclosures about the liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses will be required. The annual
disclosures by accident year include: disaggregated net incurred and paid
claims development tables segregated by business type (not required to exceed
10 years), reconciliation of total net reserves included in development tables
to the reported liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses,
incurred but not reported (IBNR) information, quantitative information and a
qualitative description about claim frequency, and the average annual
percentage payout of incurred claims. Further, the new standard requires, when
applicable, disclosures about discounting liabilities for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses and significant changes and reasons for changes in
methodologies and assumptions used to determine unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses.    

  The standard is effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2015 including interim reporting periods
thereafter and must be applied retrospectively.  While early adoption is permitted,
we plan to adopt the standard on its required effective date.  The
standard requires additional disclosures only and the adoption of the standard
will have no effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows. In addition, the roll forward of the liability for
unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses currently disclosed in annual
financial statements will be required for interim periods beginning in the
first quarter of 2017.    

  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities  

In January 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that affects the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of
financial instruments.  Specifically, under the new standard, equity
investments (other than those accounted for using the equity method of
accounting or those subject to consolidation) will be measured at fair value
with changes in fair value recognized in earnings.  Also, for those financial
liabilities for which fair value option accounting has been elected, the new
standard requires changes in fair value due to instrument-specific credit risk
to be presented separately in other comprehensive income. The standard updates
certain fair value disclosure requirements for financial instruments carried at
amortized cost.  

  The standard is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption of certain
provisions is permitted.  We are assessing the impact of the standard on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

  Leases  

In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that will require lessees with lease terms of more than 12 months to recognize
a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on their balance
sheets. For income statement purposes, the FASB retained a dual model,
requiring leases to be classified as either operating leases or finance leases.  

  The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018, with
early adoption permitted using a modified retrospective approach. We are
assessing the impact of the standard on our consolidated financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.  

11   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1 /           NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

Derivative Contract Novations  

In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that clarifies that a change in the counterparty (novation) to a derivative
instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument does not, in and of
itself, require de-designation of that hedging relationship provided that all
other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met.    

  The standard is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption
permitted.  We do not expect the adoption of the standard to have a
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows.  

  Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments  

In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put)
options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are
clearly and closely related to their debt hosts.  The standard requires an
evaluation of embedded call (put) options solely on a four-step decision
sequence that requires an entity to consider whether (1) the amount paid upon
settlement is adjusted based on changes in an index, (2) the amount paid upon
settlement is indexed to an underlying other than interest rates or credit
risk, (3) the debt involves a substantial premium or discount and (4) the put
or call option is contingently exercisable.  

  The standard is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption
permitted.  We do not expect the adoption of the standard to have a
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows.  

  Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  

In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of
the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest
or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of
operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if
the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods during which
the investment had been held.  

  The standard is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption
permitted.  We do not expect the adoption of the standard to have a material
effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows.  

  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  

In March 2016, the FASB issued a standard that simplifies
several aspects of the accounting for share-based compensation, including the
accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding
requirements, as well as classification on the statement of cash flows.   

  The standard is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption
permitted.  We do not expect the adoption of the standard to have a material
effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows.  

12   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1 /           NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

Calculation of Credit Losses  

In June 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
will change how entities account for credit losses for most financial
assets.  The standard will replace the existing incurred loss impairment
model with a new  current expected credit loss model  and will apply to
financial assets subject to credit losses, those measured at amortized cost and
certain off-balance sheet credit exposures.  The impairment for available-for-sale
debt securities will be measured in a similar manner, except that losses will
be recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the
securities.  The standard will also require additional information to be
disclosed in the footnotes.  

  The standard is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption
permitted for annual and interim periods after December 15, 2018.  We are
assessing the impact of the standard on our consolidated financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.      

  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments in the
Statement of Cash Flows  

In August 2016, the FASB issued an accounting
standard that provides guidance on the classification in the Statement of Cash
Flows for the following eight specific cash flow issues:  (1) debt prepayment
or debt extinguishment costs; (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or
other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in
relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing;  (3) contingent consideration
payments made after a business combination; (4) proceeds from the settlement of
insurance claims; (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life
insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; (6)
distributions received from equity method investees; (7) beneficial interests
in securitization transactions; and (8) separately identifiable cash flows and
application of the predominance principle.  

  The standard is effective for interim and
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption
permitted including interim periods with adjustments reflected as of the
beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. Early adoption
must include all amendments in the same period. We are assessing the impact of
the standard on our consolidated cash flows.            

3. SEGMENT INFORMATION   

We report our results of operations
consistent with the manner in which our chief operating decision makers review
the business to assess performance and allocate resources through two
reportable segments:  Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance as well as a
Corporate and Other category.  The Corporate and Other category consists of
businesses and items not allocated to our reportable segments.    

  Prior to the third quarter of 2016, we presented United
Guaranty and Institutional Markets as operating segments of Commercial
Insurance. Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, in order to align our
financial reporting with the manner in which our chief operating decision
makers review the businesses to assess performance and make decisions about
resources to be allocated, United Guaranty and Institutional Markets are
presented in the Corporate and Other category for all periods presented. As a
result, Commercial Insurance operations now consist of our commercial property
and casualty business.  

  As a result of the
transaction agreement discussed in Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements, the associated assets and liabilities of   United
Guaranty Corporation (UGC or United Guaranty)  
have been classified as held-for-sale at September 30, 2016.    

13   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1
/           NOTE 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

In the second quarter of 2015, a United Guaranty subsidiary and
certain of our property casualty companies entered into a 50 percent quota
share arrangement whereby the United Guaranty subsidiary (1) ceded 50 percent
of the risk relating to policies written in 2014 that were current as of
January 1, 2015 and (2) ceded 50 percent of the risk relating to all policies
written in 2015 and 2016, each in exchange for a 30 percent ceding commission
and reimbursements of 50 percent of the losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred
on covered policies. Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the effects of
these intercompany reinsurance arrangements are included in the results of
Commercial Insurance and Corporate and Other for all periods presented.
Previously, these arrangements were eliminated for purposes of segment
reporting.    

    Prior periods have been revised to conform to the current period
presentation for the above segment changes.  

  We evaluate
performance based on revenues and pre tax operating income (loss).  Pre-tax operating
income (loss) is derived by excluding certain items from net income (loss)
attributable to AIG.  See the table below for the items excluded from pre-tax
operating income (loss).  

   The following tables present our operations by reportable
segment:     

14   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1
/           NOTE 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

*    Corporate and Other includes income from assets held by AIG
Parent and other corporate subsidiaries and results from United Guaranty and
Institutional Markets.       

4    . HELD-FOR-SALE CLASSIFICATION   

Held-For-Sale Classification   

We report a business as held-for-sale
when management has approved the sale or received approval to sell the business
and is committed to a formal plan, the business is available for immediate
sale, the business is being actively marketed, the sale is anticipated to occur
during the next 12 months and certain other specified criteria are met. A
business classified as held for sale is recorded at the lower of its carrying
amount or estimated fair value less cost to sell. If the carrying amount of the
business exceeds its estimated fair value, a loss is recognized.   

  Assets and liabilities related to the businesses classified
as held for sale are separately reported in our Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets beginning in the period in which the business is classified as
held-for-sale.   

15   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1
/           NOTE 4. HELD-FOR-SALE CLASSIFICATION      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

At September 30, 2016,
held-for-sale assets and liabilities comprise the following:  

  United Guaranty  

On August 15, 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement
to sell our 100 percent interest in UGC and certain related affiliates to Arch
Capital Group Ltd. (Arch) for total consideration of $3.4 billion, consisting
of $2.2 billion of cash, up to $250 million of newly issued Arch perpetual
preferred stock, with terms similar to Arch s outstanding Series C preferred
stock, and approximately $975 million of newly issued Arch convertible
non-voting common-equivalent preferred stock.  

  The closing of the transaction is subject to certain
conditions, including obtaining the requisite regulatory approvals or
non-disapprovals and other customary closing conditions.  

  In lieu of receiving the perpetual preferred stock, we have
elected to receive $250 million in pre-closing dividends from UGC. Total
consideration for the transaction is expected to be $3.4 billion. In the second
quarter of 2015, a United Guaranty subsidiary and certain of our property
casualty companies entered into a 50 percent quota share arrangement whereby 
the United Guaranty subsidiary (1) ceded 50 percent of the risk relating to
policies written in 2014 that were current as of January 1, 2015 and (2) ceded
50 percent of the risk relating to all policies written in 2015 and 2016, each
in exchange for a 30 percent ceding commission and reimbursements of 50 percent
of the losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred on covered policies.
Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the effects of these intercompany
reinsurance arrangements are included in the results of Commercial Insurance
and Corporate and Other for all periods presented. Previously, these
arrangements were eliminated for purposes of segment reporting.   

  Ascot   

On September 16, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell
our interest in Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd. (AUHL) and related
syndicate-funding subsidiary Ascot Corporate Name Ltd. (ACNL) (together Ascot)
to Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB).  Total consideration for the
transaction is $1.1 billion inclusive of CPPIB s recapitalization of Syndicate
1414 Funds at Lloyd s (FAL) capital requirements. We expect to receive
approximately $240 million in net cash proceeds from the transaction after the
FAL recapitalization and release of the AIG-guaranteed letter of credit
currently supporting the syndicate s FAL. Such proceeds reflect AIG s 20
percent stake in AUHL and ownership of ACNL.   

  Consummation of the transaction is subject to customary
closing conditions, including regulatory and other approvals.  

  Real Estate Investments  

Certain real estate investments, including consolidated
investment vehicles, met the criteria to be reported as held for sale and are
included in the table below.    

16   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 1
/           NOTE 4. HELD-FOR-SALE CLASSIFICATION      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

The
following table summarizes the components of assets and liabilities
held-for-sale on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30,
2016:         

5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS     

Fair Value
Measurements on a Recurring Basis    

Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured and classified in accordance with a
fair value hierarchy consisting of three  levels  based on the observability of
valuation inputs:  

             Level 1:    Fair value
measurements based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that we have
the ability to access for identical assets or liabilities.  Market price data
generally is obtained from exchange or dealer markets. We do not adjust the
quoted price for such instruments.  

             Level 2:    Fair value measurements based on inputs other than quoted
prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for
similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs
other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such
as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted
intervals.  

             Level 3:    Fair value
measurements based on valuation techniques that use significant inputs that are
unobservable. Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine
the fair values of positions classified in Level 3. The circumstances for
using these measurements include those in which there is little, if any, market
activity for the asset or liability. Therefore, we must make certain
assumptions about the inputs a hypothetical market participant would use to value
that asset   or liability.   

  In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may
fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the
level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in
its entirety falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.    

17   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a
Recurring Basis   

The following table presents information about assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the
level of the fair value measurement based on the observability of the inputs
used:     

18   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

19   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

(a)  Excludes
investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its
equivalent), which totaled $6.8 billion and $8.6 billion as of    September
30, 2016    and    December 31,        2015   , respectively.   

  (b) Represents netting of derivative exposures covered by
qualifying master netting agreements.  

     Transfers of Level 1 and Level 2 Assets and
Liabilities    

Our policy is to record transfers of assets and liabilities
between Level 1 and Level 2 at their fair values as of the end of
each reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination of fair
value. Assets are transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer
transacted with sufficient frequency and volume in an active market.
Conversely, assets are transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when
transaction volume and frequency are indicative of an active market.   

  During the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016, we transferred $635 million and $946 million, respectively, of
securities issued by Non-U.S. government entities from Level 1 to
Level 2, as they are no longer considered actively traded. For similar
reasons, during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, we
transferred $18 million and $34 million, respectively, of securities issued by
the U.S. government and government sponsored entities from Level 1 to
Level 2. We had no material transfers from Level 2 to Level 1
during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016.  

  During the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015, we transferred $188 million and $450 million, respectively, of
securities issued by Non-U.S. government entities from Level 1 to
Level 2, as they are no longer considered actively traded. For similar
reasons, during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, we transferred
$180 million of securities issued by the U.S. government and government
sponsored entities from Level 1 to Level 2, while we had no material
transfers of these securities from Level 1 to Level 2 during the three-month
period ended September 30, 2015. We had no material transfers from Level 2
to Level 1 during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015.  

20   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Changes in Level 3 Recurring Fair Value
Measurements         

The following tables present changes during the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 in Level 3 assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, and the realized
and unrealized gains (losses) related to the Level 3 assets and
liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016
and 2015:     

21   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

22   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

23   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

24   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

(a)  Total Level 3 derivative exposures have been netted in
these tables for presentation purposes only.   

   (b)  Includes
guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), notes, bonds, loans and mortgages
payable.   

        Net
realized and unrealized gains and losses included in income related to Level 3
assets and liabilities shown above are reported in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Income as follows:      

25   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

The
following table presents the gross components of purchases, sales, issues and
settlements, net, shown above, for       the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       related to Level 3 assets and liabilities in the Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets:      

26   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

27   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

(a)  There were no issuances during
the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.  

  (b)  Includes GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.  

    Both
observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine the fair values of
positions classified in Level 3 in the tables above. As a result, the
unrealized gains (losses) on instruments held at September 30, 2016 and 2015
may include changes in fair value that were attributable to both observable
(e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable inputs
(e.g., changes in unobservable long-dated volatilities).  

28   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Transfers of Level 3 Assets
and Liabilities  

We record transfers of assets and liabilities into or out of
Level 3 classification at their fair values as of the end of each
reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. 
The Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in income (loss) or
Other comprehensive income (loss) as shown in the table above excluded $11 million
of net losses related to assets and liabilities transferred into Level 3
during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, and included $3 million
and $54 million of net losses related to assets and liabilities transferred out
of Level 3 during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016, respectively.  

  The Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in
income or Other comprehensive income (loss) as shown in the table above excluded
$17 million and $35 million of net gains related to assets and liabilities
transferred into Level 3 during the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2015, respectively, and included $3 million and
$6 million of net gains related to assets and liabilities transferred out
of Level 3 during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015, respectively.  

   Transfers of Level 3 Assets   

During the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, transfers into Level 3 assets primarily included certain
investments in private placement corporate debt and RMBS. Also, in the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, transfers into Level 3 assets
included certain investments in CDO/ABS. Transfers of private placement
corporate debt and certain ABS into Level 3 assets were primarily the
result of limited market pricing information that required us to determine fair
value for these securities based on inputs that are adjusted to better reflect
our own assumptions regarding the characteristics of a specific security or
associated market liquidity.  The transfers of investments in RMBS and CDO and
certain ABS into Level 3 assets were due to decreases in market transparency
and liquidity for individual security types.  

  During the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, transfers out of Level 3 assets primarily included private
placement and other corporate debt, CMBS, and certain investments in municipal
securities. Also, in the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
transfers out of Level 3 assets included certain investments in CDO/ABS and
RMBS. Transfers of certain investments municipal securities, corporate debt,
RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS out of Level 3 assets were based on consideration
of market liquidity as well as related transparency of pricing and associated
observable inputs for these investments.  Transfers of certain investments in
private placement corporate debt and certain ABS out of Level 3 assets
were primarily the result of using observable pricing information that reflects
the fair value of those securities without the need for adjustment based on our
own assumptions regarding the characteristics of a specific security or the
current liquidity in the market.  

   Transfers of Level 3 Liabilities    

There were no significant transfers of derivative or other
liabilities into or out of Level 3 for the three- and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.    

29   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Quantitative Information About Level 3 Fair Value
Measurements   

The table below
presents information about the significant unobservable inputs used for
recurring fair value measurements for certain Level 3 instruments, and
includes only those instruments for which information about the inputs is
reasonably available to us, such as data from independent third party
valuation service providers and from internal valuation models. Because input
information from third parties with respect to certain Level 3 instruments
(primarily CDO/ABS) may not be reasonably available to us, balances shown below
may not equal total amounts reported for such Level 3 assets and
liabilities   :     

30   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

(a) Information received from
third-party valuation service providers.  The ranges of the unobservable inputs
for constant prepayment rate, loss severity and constant default rate relate to
each of the individual underlying mortgage loans that comprise the entire
portfolio of securities in the RMBS and CDO securitization vehicles and not
necessarily to the securitization vehicle bonds (tranches) purchased by us. The
ranges of these inputs do not directly correlate to changes in the fair values
of the tranches purchased by us, because there are other factors relevant to
the fair values of specific tranches owned by us including, but not limited to,
purchase price, position in the waterfall, senior versus subordinated position
and attachment points.  

  (b) Represents discount rates, estimates and assumptions that
we believe would be used by market participants when valuing these assets and
liabilities.  

  (c)  Mortality inputs are shown as multipliers of the 2012
Individual Annuity Mortality Basic table for Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal
Benefits (GMWB) and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits (GMAB).  

  (d)  Mortality inputs are shown as multipliers of the 2012
Individual Annuity Mortality Basic table for GMWB and GMAB, and the 1975-1980
Modified Basic Table for index annuities.  

      The ranges of reported
inputs for Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions,
Corporate debt, RMBS, CDO/ABS, and CMBS valued using a discounted cash flow
technique consist of one standard deviation in either direction from the value weighted
average. The preceding table does not give effect to our risk management
practices that might offset risks inherent in these Level 3 assets and
liabilities.  

31   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Sensitivity
to Changes in Unobservable Inputs  

We consider unobservable inputs to be those for which market
data is not available and that are developed using the best information
available to us about the assumptions that market participants would use when
pricing the asset or liability. Relevant inputs vary depending on the nature of
the instrument being measured at fair value. The following paragraphs provide a
general description of sensitivities of significant unobservable inputs along
with interrelationships between and among the significant unobservable inputs
and their impact on the fair value measurements. The effect of a change in a
particular assumption in the sensitivity analysis below is considered
independently of changes in any other assumptions. In practice, simultaneous
changes in assumptions may not always have a linear effect on the inputs
discussed below. Interrelationships may also exist between observable and
unobservable inputs. Such relationships have not been included in the
discussion below. For each of the individual relationships described below, the
inverse relationship would also generally apply.  

   Obligations of States, Municipalities and Political
Subdivisions   

The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of certain investments in obligations of states, municipalities and
political subdivisions is yield.  In general, increases in the yield would
decrease the fair value of investments in obligations of states, municipalities
and political subdivisions.  

   Corporate Debt   

Corporate debt securities included in Level 3 are
primarily private placement issuances that are not traded in active markets or
that are subject to transfer restrictions. Fair value measurements consider
illiquidity and non transferability. When observable price quotations are
not available, fair value is determined based on discounted cash flow models
using discount rates based on credit spreads, yields or price levels of
publicly traded debt of the issuer or other comparable securities,
considering illiquidity and structure. The significant unobservable input used
in the fair value measurement of corporate debt is the yield. The yield is
affected by the market movements in credit spreads and U.S. Treasury yields. In
addition, the migration in credit quality of a given security generally has a
corresponding effect on the fair value measurement of the security. For
example, a downward migration of credit quality would increase spreads. Holding
U.S. Treasury rates constant, an increase in corporate credit spreads would
decrease the fair value of corporate debt.    

   RMBS and CDO/ABS   

The significant unobservable inputs used in fair value
measurements of RMBS and certain CDO/ABS valued by third party valuation
service providers are constant prepayment rates (CPR), loss severity, constant
default rates (CDR), and yield. A change in the assumptions used for the
probability of default will generally be accompanied by a corresponding change
in the assumption used for the loss severity and an inverse change in the
assumption used for prepayment rates. In general, increases in CPR, loss
severity, CDR, and yield, in isolation, would result in a decrease in the fair
value measurement. Changes in fair value based on variations in assumptions
generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship between the
directional change of each input is not usually linear.  

32   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

CMBS   

The significant unobservable input used in fair value
measurements for CMBS is the yield. Prepayment assumptions for each mortgage
pool are factored into the yield. CMBS generally feature a lower degree of
prepayment risk than RMBS because commercial mortgages generally contain a
penalty for prepayment. In general, increases in the yield would decrease the
fair value of CMBS.    

     Embedded
derivatives within Policyholder contract deposits   

Embedded derivatives reported within Policyholder contract
deposits include guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) and guaranteed
minimum accumulation benefits (GMAB) within variable annuity products, and
interest crediting rates based on market indices within index annuities,
indexed life and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs).  For any given
contract, assumptions for unobservable inputs vary throughout the period over
which cash flows are projected for purposes of valuing the embedded derivative.
The following unobservable inputs are used for valuing embedded derivatives
measured at fair value:  

Long-term equity volatilities represent equity volatility beyond
the period for which observable equity volatilities are available. Increases in
assumed volatility will generally increase the fair value of both the projected
cash flows from rider fees as well as the projected cash flows related to
benefit payments. Therefore, the net change in the fair value of the liability
may be either a decrease or an increase, depending on the relative changes in
projected rider fees and projected benefit payments.   

Equity / interest rate correlation estimates the relationship
between changes in equity returns and interest rates in the economic scenario
generator used to value our GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives.  In general, a
higher positive correlation assumes that equity markets and interest rates move
in a more correlated fashion, which generally increases the fair value of the liability. 

Base lapse rate assumptions are determined by company experience and are
adjusted at the contract level using a dynamic lapse function, which reduces
the base lapse rate when the contract is in-the-money (when the contract
holder s guaranteed value, as estimated by the company, is worth more than
their underlying account value). Lapse rates are also generally assumed to be
lower in periods when a surrender charge applies. Increases in assumed lapse
rates will generally decrease the fair value of the liability, as fewer
policyholders would persist to collect guaranteed withdrawal amounts, but in
certain scenarios, increases in assumed lapse rates may increase the fair value
of the liability.   

Mortality rate assumptions, which vary by age and gender, are based on
company experience and include a mortality improvement assumption. Increases in
assumed mortality rates will decrease the fair value of the liability, while
lower mortality rate assumptions will generally increase the fair value of the
liability, because guaranteed payments will be made for a longer period of
time.  

Utilization rate assumptions estimate the timing when policyholders with
a GMWB will elect to utilize their benefit and begin taking withdrawals. The
assumptions may vary by the type of guarantee, tax-qualified status, the
contract s withdrawal history and the age of the policyholder.  Utilization
rate assumptions are based on company experience, which includes partial
withdrawal behavior. Increases in assumed utilization rates will generally
increase the fair value of the liability.    

33   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Investments in Certain
Entities Carried at Fair Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share   

The following table
includes information related to our investments in certain other invested
assets, including private equity funds, hedge funds and other alternative
investments that calculate NAV per share (or its equivalent). For these
investments, which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, we use the
NAV per share to measure fair value   .     

September
  30, 2016   

December
  31, 2015  

Fair
  Value  

Fair
  Value  

Using
  NAV  

Using
  NAV  

Per
  Share (or  

Unfunded  

Per
  Share (or  

Unfunded  

(in
  millions)   

Investment Category
  Includes  

its
  equivalent)  

Commitments  

its
  equivalent)  

Commitments  

Investment
  Category   

Private
  equity funds:   

Leveraged buyout  

Debt and/or equity
  investments made as part of a transaction in which assets of mature companies
  are acquired from the current shareholders, typically with the use of
  financial leverage  

$   

1,486   

$   

595   

$  

1,774  

$  

436  

Real Estate /   
    Infrastructure  

Investments in real
  estate properties and infrastructure positions, including power plants and
  other energy generating facilities  

267   

190   

306  

213  

Venture capital  

Early-stage,
  high-potential, growth companies expected to generate a return through an
  eventual realization event, such as an initial public offering or sale of the
  company  

92   

32   

107  

41  

Distressed  

Securities of companies
  that are in default, under bankruptcy protection, or troubled   

124   

44   

146  

41  

Other  

Includes multi-strategy,
  mezzanine and other strategies  

310   

235   

298  

239  

Total private equity
  funds  

2,279   

1,096   

2,631  

970  

Hedge
  funds:   

Event-driven  

Securities of companies
  undergoing material structural changes, including mergers, acquisitions and
  other reorganizations  

652   

-   

1,194  

-  

Long-short  

Securities that the
  manager believes are undervalued, with corresponding short positions to hedge
  market risk  

2,264   

24   

2,978  

25  

Macro  

Investments that take
  long and short positions in financial instruments based on a top-down view of
  certain economic and capital market conditions  

579   

-   

555  

-  

Distressed  

Securities of companies
  that are in default, under bankruptcy protection or troubled    

620   

7   

699  

8  

Emerging markets  

Investments in the
  financial markets of developing countries  

307   

-   

353  

-  

Other  

Includes multi-strategy,
  relative value and other strategies  

134   

-   

167  

-  

Total hedge funds  

4,556   

31   

5,946  

33  

Total  

$   

6,835   

$   

1,127   

$  

8,577  

$  

1,003  

Private
equity fund investments included above are not redeemable, because
distributions from the funds will be received when underlying investments of
the funds are liquidated. Private equity funds are generally expected to have
10 year lives at their inception, but these lives may be extended at the
fund manager s discretion, typically in one- or two year increments. At
September 30, 2016, assuming average original expected lives of 10 years
for the funds, 75 percent of the total fair value using NAV per share (or
its equivalent) presented above would have expected remaining lives of three
years or less, 11 percent between four and six years and 14 percent
between seven and 10 years    .   

34   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

The hedge fund investments included above,
which are carried at fair value, are generally redeemable monthly
(14 percent), quarterly (40 percent), semi annually
(12 percent) and annually (34 percent), with redemption notices
ranging from one day to 180 days. At September 30, 2016, investments
representing approximately 73 percent of the total fair value of these
hedge fund investments had partial contractual redemption restrictions. These
partial redemption restrictions are generally related to one or more
investments held in the hedge funds that the fund manager deemed to be
illiquid.  The majority of these contractual restrictions, which may have been
put in place at the fund s inception or thereafter, have pre defined end
dates.  The majority of these restrictions are generally expected to be lifted
by the end of 2017.           

     Fair Value Option   

The following table presents the gains or losses
recorded related to the eligible instruments for which we elected the fair
value option:     

(a) Includes certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other
investment partnerships.   

   (b) Includes GIAs, notes,
bonds and mortgages payable.   

     We
recognized gains of $6 million and $14 million during the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and losses of $18 million and
$7 million during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015,
respectively, attributable to the observable effect of changes in credit
spreads on our own liabilities for which the fair value option was elected. We
calculate the effect of these credit spread changes using discounted cash flow
techniques that incorporate current market interest rates, our observable
credit spreads on these liabilities and other factors that mitigate the risk of
nonperformance such as cash collateral posted.   

    The
following table presents the difference between fair values and the aggregate
contractual principal amounts of mortgage and other loans receivable and
long-term debt for which the fair value option was elected:      

*    Includes GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.       

35   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 5. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Fair Value Measurements on a Non-Recurring Basis   

The following table presents assets measured at fair
value on a non-recurring basis at the time of impairment and the related
impairment charges recorded during the periods presented:     

Fair Value
Information About Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Value   

The following table presents the carrying value and
estimated fair value of our financial instruments not measured at fair value
and indicates the level in the fair value hierarchy of the estimated fair value
measurement based on the observability of the inputs used:     

36   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 6. INVESTMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)           

6. INVESTMENTS   

Securities Available
for Sale   

The following table presents the amortized cost or cost
and fair value of our available for sale securities:     

(a) Represents the amount of other-than-temporary impairments
recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income. Amount includes
unrealized gains and losses on impaired securities relating to changes in the fair
value of such securities subsequent to the impairment measurement date.   

37   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 6. INVESTMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)           

(b) At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, bonds available for sale
held by us that were below investment grade or not rated totaled $35.6 billion
and $34.9 billion, respectively.       

    Securities
Available for Sale in a Loss Position  

The following table summarizes the fair value and gross
unrealized losses on our available for sale securities, aggregated by major
investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in
a continuous unrealized loss position:     

38   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 6. INVESTMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)           

At
September 30, 2016, we held 5,264 and 151 individual fixed maturity and equity
securities, respectively, that were in an unrealized loss position, of which 2,159
individual fixed maturity securities were in a continuous unrealized loss position
for 12 months or more. We did not recognize the unrealized losses in
earnings on these fixed maturity securities at September 30, 2016 because we
neither intend to sell the securities nor do we believe that it is more likely
than not that we will be required to sell these securities before recovery of
their amortized cost basis. For fixed maturity securities with significant
declines, we performed fundamental credit analyses on a security-by-security
basis, which included consideration of credit enhancements, expected defaults
on underlying collateral, review of relevant industry analyst reports and
forecasts and other available market data.  

  Contractual Maturities of Fixed Maturity Securities
Available for Sale  

The following table presents the amortized cost and fair
value of fixed maturity securities available for sale by contractual maturity:     

Actual
maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers
have the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties.    

    The
following table presents the gross realized gains and gross realized losses
from sales or maturities of our available for sale securities:      

39   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 6. INVESTMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)           

For the three
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, the aggregate fair value of
available for sale securities sold was $7.9 billion and $22.3 billion,
respectively, which resulted in net realized capital gains of $188 million and
$948 million, respectively.  

  For the three and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015, the aggregate fair value of available for sale securities sold was $6.9
billion and $20.9 billion, respectively, which resulted in net realized capital
gains of zero and $678 million, respectively.  

   Other Securities Measured at Fair Value   

The following table presents the fair value of other
securities measured at fair value based on our election of the fair value
option:     

* Includes $463 million and $712 million of U.S. Government
agency-backed ABS at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.       

       Other
Invested Assets   

The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of
other invested assets:       

(a) At September 30, 2016, includes
hedge funds of $7.8 billion, private equity funds of $5.8 billion, and
affordable housing partnerships of $618 million. At December 31, 2015, includes
hedge funds of $10.9 billion, private equity funds of $6.5 billion, and
affordable housing partnerships of $701 million.  

  (b) Approximately 56 percent of our hedge fund portfolio is
available for redemption in 2016, an additional 27 percent and 10 percent will
be available in 2017 and 2018, respectively.  

  (c) Net of accumulated depreciation of $554 million and $668
million in September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

  (d) Consists of investments in aircraft equipment held in
consolidated trusts.    

40   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 6. INVESTMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)           

Net Investment Income   

The following table presents the components of Net investment
income:     

* Beginning in the first quarter of
2016, the presentation of income on alternative investments has been refined to
include only income from hedge funds, private equity funds and affordable
housing partnerships. Prior period disclosures have been reclassified to
conform to this presentation. Hedge funds for which we elected the fair
value option are recorded as of the balance sheet date. Other hedge funds are
generally reported on a one-month lag, while private equity funds are generally
reported on a one-quarter lag.   

     Net
Realized Capital Gains and Losses   

The following table presents the components of Net
realized capital gains (losses):     

* Includes $107 million of realized gains due to a purchase price
adjustment on the sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $357 million of realized gains due to
the sale of common shares of SpringLeaf Holdings, $428 million of realized
gains due to the sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. and $463 million
of realized losses due to the sale of ordinary shares of AerCap for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015.          

41   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 6. INVESTMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)           

Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of
Investments   

The following table presents the increase (decrease) in
unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of our available for sale securities and
other investments:     

*    Excludes net unrealized gains
attributable to businesses held for sale.   

     Evaluating
Investments for Other-Than-Temporary Impairments   

For a discussion of our policy for evaluating investments for
other-than-temporary impairments, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in the 2015 Annual Report.   

  Credit
Impairments  

The following table presents a rollforward of the cumulative
credit losses in other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings for
available for sale fixed maturity securities:     

* Represents both accretion recognized
due to changes in cash flows expected to be collected over the remaining
expected term of the credit impaired securities and the accretion due to the
passage of time.  

42   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 6. INVESTMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)           

Purchased Credit Impaired
(PCI) Securities   

We purchase certain
RMBS securities that have experienced deterioration in credit quality since
their issuance. We determine, based on our expectations as to the timing and
amount of cash flows expected to be received, whether it is probable at
acquisition that we will not collect all contractually required payments for
these PCI securities, including both principal and interest after considering
the effects of prepayments. At acquisition, the timing and amount of the
undiscounted future cash flows expected to be received on each PCI security is
determined based on our best estimate using key assumptions, such as interest
rates, default rates and prepayment speeds. At acquisition, the difference
between the undiscounted expected future cash flows of the PCI securities and
the recorded investment in the securities represents the initial accretable
yield, which is accreted into Net investment income over their remaining lives
on a level-yield basis. Additionally, the difference between the contractually
required payments on the PCI securities and the undiscounted expected future
cash flows represents the non-accretable difference at acquisition. The
accretable yield and the non-accretable difference will change over time, based
on actual payments received and changes in estimates of undiscounted expected
future cash flows, which are discussed further below.   

  On a quarterly basis, the undiscounted expected future cash flows
associated with PCI securities are re-evaluated based on updates to key
assumptions. Declines in undiscounted expected future cash flows due to further
credit deterioration as well as changes in the expected timing of the cash
flows can result in the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment
charge, as PCI securities are subject to our policy for evaluating investments
for other-than-temporary impairment. Changes to undiscounted expected future
cash flows due solely to the changes in the contractual benchmark interest
rates on variable rate PCI securities will change the accretable yield
prospectively. Significant increases in undiscounted expected future cash flows
for reasons other than interest rate changes are recognized prospectively as
adjustments to the accretable yield.   

   The following tables present information on our PCI
securities, which are included in bonds available for sale:     

(in
  millions)   

At
  Date of Acquisition   

Contractually
  required payments (principal and interest)  

$   

35,665   

Cash
  flows expected to be collected *   

29,091   

Recorded
  investment in acquired securities  

19,536   

* Represents undiscounted expected cash flows, including both principal
and interest.       

The following
table presents activity for the accretable yield on PCI securities:       

43   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 6. INVESTMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)           

Pledged Investments   

Secured Financing and Similar Arrangements  

We enter into secured financing transactions whereby certain
securities are sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), in
which we transfer securities in exchange for cash, with an agreement by us to
repurchase the same or substantially similar securities. Our secured financing
transactions also include those that involve the transfer of securities to
financial institutions in exchange for cash (securities lending agreements). In
all of these secured financing transactions, the securities transferred by us
(pledged collateral) may be sold or repledged by the counterparties. These
agreements are recorded at their contracted amounts plus accrued interest,
other than those that are accounted for at fair value.  

  Pledged collateral levels are monitored daily and are
generally maintained at an agreed-upon percentage of the fair value of the
amounts borrowed during the life of the transactions. In the event of a decline
in the fair value of the pledged collateral under these secured financing
transactions, we may be required to transfer cash or additional securities as
pledged collateral under these agreements.  At the termination of the
transactions, we and our counterparties are obligated to return the amounts
borrowed and the securities transferred, respectively.  

   The following table presents the fair value of
securities pledged to counterparties under secured financing transactions, including
repurchase and securities lending agreements:        

At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, amounts borrowed under repurchase and securities lending
agreements totaled     $4.1     billion and     $2.9     billion, respectively.   

    The
following table presents the fair value of securities pledged under our
repurchase agreements by collateral type and by remaining contractual maturity:        

44   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 6. INVESTMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)           

The following table presents
the fair value of securities pledged under our securities lending agreements by
collateral type and by remaining contractual maturity:        

We also enter into agreements in which
securities are purchased by us under agreements to resell (reverse repurchase
agreements), which are accounted for as secured financing transactions and reported
as short-term investments or other assets, depending on their terms. These
agreements     are recorded at their contracted resale amounts plus accrued
interest, other than those that are accounted for at fair value.     In all
reverse repurchase transactions, we take possession of or obtain a security
interest in the related securities, and we have the right to sell or repledge
this collateral received.   

    The
following table presents information on the fair value of securities pledged to
us under reverse repurchase agreements:      

Insurance   Statutory and Other
Deposits  

Total carrying values of cash and securities deposited by our
insurance subsidiaries under requirements of regulatory authorities or other
insurance-related arrangements, including certain annuity-related obligations
and certain reinsurance treaties, were $5.2 billion and $4.9 billion at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   

  Other Pledges and Restrictions  

Certain of our subsidiaries are members of Federal Home Loan
Banks (FHLBs) and such membership requires the members to own stock in these
FHLBs. We owned an aggregate of $127 million and $47 million of stock in FHLBs
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In addition, our
subsidiaries have pledged securities available for sale with a fair value of
$3.9 billion and $1.2 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, associated with advances from the FHLBs.  

  Certain GIAs have provisions that require collateral to be
posted or payments to be made by us upon a downgrade of our long-term debt
ratings. The actual amount of collateral required to be posted to the
counterparties in the event of such downgrades,      

45   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 6. INVESTMENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited)           

and
the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to make, depend on
market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions and
other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. The fair value
of securities pledged as collateral with respect to these obligations was
approximately $2.3 billion and $2.4 billion at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. This collateral primarily consists of securities of the
U.S. government and government sponsored entities and generally cannot be
repledged or resold by the counterparties.    

    Short-term
investments held in escrow accounts or otherwise subject to restriction as to
their use were $470 million and $439 million at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively.       

7. LENDING ACTIVITIES     

The following table
presents the composition of Mortgage and other loans receivable, net:     

* Commercial mortgages primarily represent loans for offices,
apartments and retail properties, with exposures in New York and California
representing the largest geographic concentrations (aggregating approximately 23 percent
and 13 percent, respectively, at September 30, 2016, and 22 percent
and 12 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2015).        

       Credit Quality
of Commercial Mortgages   

The following table presents debt service coverage
ratios and loan-to-value ratios for commercial mortgages:       

(a) The debt service coverage ratio compares a property s net operating
income to its debt service payments, including principal and interest.    

   (b) The loan-to-value
ratio compares the current unpaid principal balance of the loan to the
estimated fair value of the underlying property collateralizing the loan.           

46   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 7. LENDING ACTIVITIES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

The following table presents the credit quality performance
indicators for commercial mortgages:      

(a) Loans that have been modified in troubled debt restructurings
and are performing according to their restructured terms. For additional
discussion of troubled debt restructurings, see Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in the 2015 Annual Report.   

   (b) Does not reflect allowance
for credit losses.   

   (c)  Approximately all of
the commercial mortgages held at such respective dates were current as to
payments of principal and interest.  There were no significant amounts of
nonperforming commercial mortgages (defined as those loans where payment of
contractual principal or interest is more than 90 days past due) during any of
the periods presented.             

47   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 7. LENDING ACTIVITIES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Allowance for Credit Losses   

See Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in the 2015 Annual Report for a discussion of our
accounting policy for evaluating Mortgage and other loans receivable for
impairment.   

   The following table presents a rollforward of the
changes in the allowance for losses on Mortgage and other loans receivable:       

* Of the total allowance, $11 million and $24 million relate to
individually assessed credit losses on $292 million and $512 million of
commercial mortgages at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

     Loans that
had been modified in troubled debt restructurings during the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 have been fully paid off. For the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2015, loans with a carrying value of $42 million, were
modified in troubled debt restructurings.     

8.   VARIABLE
INTEREST ENTITIES     

We enter into various arrangements with VIEs in the normal
course of business and consolidate the VIEs when we determine we are the
primary beneficiary. This analysis includes a review of the VIE s capital
structure, related contractual relationships and terms, nature of the VIE s
operations and purpose, nature of the VIE s interests issued and our
involvement with the entity. When assessing the need to consolidate a VIE, we
evaluate the design of the VIE as well as the related risks the entity was
designed to expose the variable interest holders to.  

  The primary beneficiary of a VIE is the entity that has both
(1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly
affect the entity s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb
losses or the right to receive benefits that could be potentially significant
to the VIE.  

48   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 8. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Balance Sheet Classification and Exposure to
Loss   

The following table presents the total assets and total
liabilities associated with our variable interests in consolidated VIEs, as
classified in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets:     

(a) At September 30, 2016, includes approximately $1.0 billion of
assets from real estate investment entities that are classified as held for
sale. The remaining balance was comprised primarily of Short-term investments
and Other assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.     

   (b) The assets of each VIE
can be used only to settle specific obligations of that VIE.   

   (c)  At September 30,
2016, includes approximately $1.2 billion of liabilities from real estate
investment entities that are classified as held for sale. The remaining balance
was comprised primarily of Other liabilities and Derivative liabilities, at
fair value, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   

   (d) At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, off-balance sheet exposure primarily consisting of
commitments to real estate and investment entities was $126 million and $131
million, respectively.     

         We calculate our maximum
exposure to loss to be (i) the amount invested in the debt or equity of
the VIE, (ii) the notional amount of VIE assets or liabilities where we
have also provided credit protection to the VIE with the VIE as the referenced
obligation, and (iii) other commitments and guarantees to the VIE.
Interest holders in VIEs sponsored by us generally have recourse only to the
assets and cash flows of the VIEs and do not have recourse to us, except in
limited circumstances when we have provided a guarantee to the VIE s interest
holders.   

49   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 8. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

The following table presents total assets of unconsolidated
VIEs in which we hold a variable interest, as well as our maximum exposure to
loss associated with these VIEs:          

(a)     At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,     $ 12.4 billion and
$3.8 billion, respectively, of our total unconsolidated VIE assets were
recorded as Other invested assets.   

   (b) These amounts primarily represent our estimate of the
maximum exposure to loss under certain insurance policies issued to VIEs if a
hypothetical loss occurred to the extent of the full amount of the insured
value.  Our insurance policies cover defined risks and our estimate of
liability is included in our insurance reserves on the balance sheet.     

   (c) As discussed in Note 2, on January 1, 2016, we
adopted accounting guidance that resulted in an increase in the number of our investment
entities classified as VIEs.   

   (d) Comprised primarily of hedge funds and private
equity funds.   

   (e) At September 30, 2016, includes approximately $492
million total assets, $4 million of on-balance sheet exposure, and $2 million of
off-balance sheet exposure from unconsolidated VIE entities that are classified
as held for sale.   

     See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2015 Annual
Report for additional information on VIEs.      

9. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING   

We use derivatives and other
financial instruments as part of our financial risk management programs and as
part of our investment operations. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in the 2015 Annual Report for a discussion of our accounting
policies and procedures regarding derivatives and hedge accounting.      

  Our businesses use derivatives and other instruments as part of
their financial risk management. Interest rate derivatives (such as interest
rate swaps) are used to manage interest rate risk associated with embedded
derivatives contained in insurance contract liabilities, fixed maturity
securities, outstanding medium  and long term notes as well as
other interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. Foreign exchange
derivatives (principally foreign exchange forwards and options) are used to
economically mitigate risk associated with non U.S. dollar denominated
debt, net capital exposures, and foreign currency transactions. Equity
derivatives are used to mitigate financial risk embedded in certain insurance
liabilities. The derivatives are effective economic hedges of the exposures
that they are meant to offset.  

  In addition to hedging activities, we also enter into
derivative instruments with respect to investment operations, which may
include, among other things, CDSs and purchases of investments with embedded
derivatives, such as equity linked notes and convertible bonds.  

50   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 9. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

The following table presents
the notional amounts of our derivative instruments and the fair value of
derivative assets and liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets:     

(a) Fair value amounts are shown before the effects of
counterparty netting adjustments and offsetting cash collateral.   

   (b    ) As of     September 30, 2016     and December 31, 2015    , included CDSs on super
senior multi-sector CDOs with a net notional amount of $0.8 billion and $1.1
billion (fair value liability of $329 million and $483 million), respectively.
The expected weighted average maturity as of September 30, 2016 is six years.
Because of long-term maturities of the CDSs in the portfolio, we are unable to
make reasonable estimates of the periods during which any payments would be
made. However, the net notional amount represents the maximum exposure to loss
on the portfolio. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no
super senior corporate debt/CLOs remaining.   

   (c)  Consists primarily of
stable value wraps and contracts with multiple underlying exposures.   

   (d) Represents netting of
derivative exposures covered by a qualifying master netting agreement.   

   (e) Represents cash
collateral posted and received that is eligible for netting.   

   (f)  Freestanding
derivatives only, excludes Embedded derivatives. Derivative instrument assets
and liabilities are recorded in Other Assets and Liabilities, respectively. 
Fair value of assets related to bifurcated Embedded derivatives was $0 at both
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Fair value of liabilities related to
bifurcated Embedded derivatives was $4.1 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively,
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. A bifurcated Embedded derivative
is generally presented with the host contract in the Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Embedded derivatives are primarily related to guarantee
features in variable annuity products, which include equity and interest rate
components.               

     Collateral   

We engage in derivative transactions that are not subject to
a clearing requirement directly with unaffiliated third parties, in most cases,
under International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master
Agreements. Many of the ISDA Master Agreements also include Credit Support
Annex (CSA) provisions, which provide for collateral postings that may vary at
various ratings and threshold levels. We attempt to reduce our risk with
certain counterparties by entering into agreements that enable collateral to be
obtained from a counterparty on an upfront or contingent basis. We minimize the
risk that counterparties might be unable to fulfill their contractual
obligations by monitoring counterparty credit exposure and collateral value and
generally requiring additional collateral to be posted upon the occurrence of
certain events or circumstances. In addition, certain derivative transactions
have provisions that require collateral to be posted upon a downgrade of our
long term debt ratings or give the counterparty the right to terminate
the transaction. In the case of some of the derivative transactions, upon a
downgrade of our long term debt ratings, as an alternative to posting
collateral and subject to certain conditions, we may assign the transaction to
an obligor with higher debt ratings or arrange for a substitute guarantee of
our obligations by an      

51   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 9. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

obligor with higher debt ratings
or take other similar action. The actual amount of collateral required to be
posted to counterparties in the event of such downgrades, or the aggregate
amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends on market
conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions and other
factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade.  

  Collateral posted by us to third parties for derivative
transactions was $3.5 billion and $3.0 billion at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. In the case of collateral posted under
derivative transactions that are not subject to clearing, this collateral can
generally be repledged or resold by the counterparties. Collateral provided to
us from third parties for derivative transactions was $2.1 billion and
$1.6 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In
the case of collateral provided to us under derivative transactions that are
not subject to clearing, we generally can repledge or resell collateral.    

     Offsetting   

We have elected to present all derivative receivables and
derivative payables, and the related cash collateral received and paid, on a
net basis on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets when a legally
enforceable ISDA Master Agreement exists between us and our derivative
counterparty. An ISDA Master Agreement is an agreement governing multiple
derivative transactions between two counterparties. The ISDA Master Agreement
generally provides for the net settlement of all, or a specified group, of
these derivative transactions, as well as transferred collateral, through a
single payment, and in a single currency, as applicable. The net settlement
provisions apply in the event of a default on, or affecting any, one derivative
transaction or a termination event affecting all, or a specified group of,
derivative transactions governed by the ISDA Master Agreement.  

   Hedge Accounting   

We designated certain derivatives entered into with third
parties as fair value hedges of available for sale investment securities held
by our insurance subsidiaries. The fair value hedges include foreign currency
forwards and cross currency swaps designated as hedges of the change in fair
value of foreign currency denominated available for sale securities
attributable to changes in foreign exchange rates. We also designated certain
interest rate swaps entered into with third parties as fair value hedges of
fixed rate GICs attributable to changes in benchmark interest rates.  

  We use foreign currency denominated debt and cross-currency swaps
as hedging instruments in net investment hedge relationships to mitigate the
foreign exchange risk associated with our non-U.S. dollar functional currency
foreign subsidiaries. For net investment hedge relationships where issued debt
is used as a hedging instrument, we assess the hedge effectiveness and measure
the amount of ineffectiveness based on changes in spot rates. For net
investment hedge relationships that use derivatives as hedging instruments, we
assess hedge effectiveness and measure hedge ineffectiveness using changes in
forward rates. For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016,
we recognized a gain of $1 million and a loss of $8 million, respectively,
and for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, we
recognized gains of $14 million and $87 million, respectively, included in
Change in foreign currency translation adjustment in Other comprehensive income
related to the net investment hedge relationships.  

  A qualitative methodology is utilized to assess hedge
effectiveness for net investment hedges, while regression analysis is employed
for all other hedges.  

52   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 9. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

The
following table presents the gain (loss) recognized in earnings on our
derivative instruments in fair value hedging relationships in the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Income:     

Gains/(Losses) Recognized in Earnings for:  

Including Gains/(Losses) Attributable to:  

Hedging  

Hedged  

Hedge  

Excluded  

(in
  millions)   

Derivatives (a)   

Items  

Ineffectiveness  

Components  

Other (b)   

Three
  Months Ended September 30, 2016   

Interest
  rate contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

$   

(1)   

$   

1   

$   

-   

$   

-   

$   

-   

Interest
  credited to policyholder  

account
  balances  

-   

-   

-   

-   

-   

Other
  income  

-   

3   

-   

-   

3   

Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt  

-   

-   

-   

-   

-   

Foreign
  exchange contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

(10)   

(34)   

-   

(44)   

-   

Interest
  credited to policyholder  

account
  balances  

-   

-   

-   

-   

-   

Other
  income  

-   

3   

-   

-   

3   

Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt  

-   

-   

-   

-   

-   

Equity
  contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

8   

(9)   

-   

(1)   

-   

Three
  Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Interest
  rate contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

$  

1  

$  

(1)  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

Interest
  credited to policyholder  

account
  balances  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

Other
  income  

-  

2  

-  

-  

2  

Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt  

-  

1  

-  

-  

1  

Foreign
  exchange contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

81  

(67)  

-  

14  

-  

Interest
  credited to policyholder  

account
  balances  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

Other
  income  

-  

4  

-  

-  

4  

Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

Equity
  contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

(4)  

3  

-  

(1)  

-  

53   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 9. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   

Interest
  rate contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

$   

-   

$   

(6)   

$   

-   

$   

-   

$   

(6)   

Interest
  credited to policyholder  

account
  balances  

-   

-   

-   

-   

-   

Other
  income  

-   

10   

-   

-   

10   

Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt  

-   

-   

-   

-   

-   

Foreign
  exchange contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

413   

(443)   

-   

(30)   

-   

Interest
  credited to policyholder  

account
  balances  

-   

-   

-   

-   

-   

Other
  income  

-   

15   

-   

-   

15   

Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt  

-   

-   

-   

-   

-   

Equity
  contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

28   

(28)   

-   

-   

-   

Nine
  Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Interest
  rate contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

$  

1  

$  

(1)  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

Interest
  credited to policyholder  

account
  balances  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

Other
  income  

-  

7  

-  

-  

7  

Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt  

-  

14  

-  

-  

14  

Foreign
  exchange contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

152  

(123)  

-  

27  

2  

Interest
  credited to policyholder  

account
  balances  

-  

(1)  

-  

-  

(1)  

Other
  income  

-  

14  

-  

-  

14  

Gain/(Loss)
  on extinguishment of debt  

-  

17  

-  

-  

17  

Equity
  contracts:  

Realized
  capital gains/(losses)  

(23)  

21  

-  

(2)  

-  

(a) The amounts presented do not include the periodic net coupon
settlements of the derivative contract or the coupon income (expense) related
to the hedged item.   

   (b) Represents
accretion/amortization of opening fair value of the hedged item at inception of
hedge relationship, amortization of basis adjustment on hedged item following
the discontinuation of hedge accounting, and the release of debt basis
adjustment following the repurchase of issued debt that was part of
previously-discontinued fair value hedge relationship.       

54   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 9. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

Derivatives Not Designated as
Hedging Instruments   

The following table presents the effect of derivative
instruments not designated as hedging instruments in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Income:     

Credit Risk-Related Contingent
Features   

The aggregate fair value of our derivative instruments that
contain credit risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability
position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, was approximately $2.3
billion and $2.0 billion, respectively. The aggregate fair value of assets
posted as collateral under these contracts at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, was approximately $2.7 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively.  

  We estimate that at September 30, 2016, based on our
outstanding financial derivative transactions, a downgrade of our long-term
senior debt ratings to BBB+, BBB or BBB  by Standard   Poor s
Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S P Global Inc., and/or a
downgrade to Baa2 or Baa3 by Moody s Investors  Service, Inc. would permit
counterparties to make additional collateral calls and permit certain
counterparties to elect early termination of contracts, resulting in
corresponding collateral postings and termination payments in the total amount
of up to approximately $145 million.   

  Additional collateral postings upon downgrade are estimated
based on the factors in the individual collateral posting provisions of the CSA
with each counterparty and current exposure as of September 30, 2016. Factors
considered in estimating the termination payments upon downgrade include
current market conditions and the terms of the respective CSA provisions. Our
estimates are also based on the assumption that counterparties will terminate
based on their net exposure to us. The actual termination payments could differ
from our estimates given market conditions at the time of downgrade and the
level of uncertainty in estimating both the number of counterparties who may elect
to exercise their right to terminate and the payment that may be triggered in
connection with any such exercise.      

55   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 9. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

Hybrid Securities with Embedded
Credit Derivatives   

We invest in hybrid securities (such as credit linked
notes) with the intent of generating income, and not specifically to acquire
exposure to embedded derivative risk. As is the case with our other investments
in RMBS, CMBS, CDOs and ABS, our investments in these hybrid securities are
exposed to losses only up to the amount of our initial investment in the hybrid
security. Other than our initial investment in the hybrid securities, we have
no further obligation to make payments on the embedded credit derivatives in
the related hybrid securities.  

  We elect to account for our investments in these hybrid
securities with embedded written credit derivatives at fair value, with changes
in fair value recognized in Net investment income and Other income. Our
investments in these hybrid securities are reported as Other bond securities in
the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair values of these hybrid
securities were $4.9 billion and $5.7 billion at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. These securities have par amounts of
$10.4 billion and $11.2 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, and have remaining stated maturity dates that extend to 2052.      

10. CONTINGENCIES, COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES   

In the normal course of
business, various contingent liabilities and commitments are entered into by
AIG and our subsidiaries. In addition, AIG Parent guarantees various
obligations of certain subsidiaries.  

  Although AIG cannot currently quantify its ultimate
liability for unresolved litigation and investigation matters, including those
referred to below, it is possible that such liability could have a material
adverse effect on AIG s consolidated financial condition or its consolidated
results of operations or consolidated cash flows for an individual reporting
period.  

   Legal Contingencies   

Overview.     In the normal course of business, AIG and
our subsidiaries are, like others in the insurance and financial services
industries in general, subject to litigation, including claims for punitive
damages. In our insurance and United Guaranty operations, litigation arising
from claims settlement activities is generally considered in the establishment
of our liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. However, the
potential for increasing jury awards and settlements makes it difficult to
assess the ultimate outcome of such litigation. AIG is also subject to
derivative, class action and other claims asserted by its shareholders and
others alleging, among other things, breach of fiduciary duties by its
directors and officers and violations of insurance laws and regulations, as
well as federal and state securities laws. In the case of any derivative action
brought on behalf of AIG, any recovery would accrue to the benefit of AIG.  

  Various regulatory and governmental agencies have been
reviewing certain transactions and practices of AIG and our subsidiaries in
connection with industry-wide and other inquiries into, among other matters,
certain business practices of current and former operating insurance
subsidiaries. We have cooperated, and will continue to cooperate, in producing
documents and other information in response to subpoenas and other requests.  

  AIG s
Subprime Exposure, AIGFP Credit Default Swap Portfolio and Related Matters  

AIG, AIG Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries
(collectively AIGFP), and certain directors and officers of AIG, AIGFP and
other AIG subsidiaries have been named in various actions relating to our
exposure to the U.S. residential subprime mortgage market, unrealized market
valuation losses on AIGFP s super senior credit default swap portfolio, losses      

56   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 10. CONTINGENCIES, COMMITMENTS AND
GUARANTEES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

and liquidity constraints relating to our securities
lending program and related disclosure and other matters (Subprime Exposure
Issues).  

   Consolidated
2008 Securities Litigation.       On May
19, 2009, a consolidated class action complaint, resulting from the
consolidation of eight purported securities class actions filed between May
2008 and January 2009, was filed against AIG and certain directors and officers
of AIG and AIGFP, AIG s outside auditors, and the underwriters of various
securities offerings in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York (the Southern District of New York) in In re American
International Group, Inc. 2008 Securities Litigation (the Consolidated
2008 Securities Litigation), asserting claims under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and claims under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), for allegedly materially false and
misleading statements in AIG s public disclosures from March 16, 2006 to
September 16, 2008 relating to, among other things, the Subprime Exposure
Issues.  

  On July 15, 2014 and August 1, 2014, lead plaintiff, AIG and
AIG s outside auditor accepted mediators  proposals to settle the Consolidated
2008 Securities Litigation against all defendants. On October 22, 2014, AIG
made a cash payment of $960 million, which is being held in escrow until all
funds are distributed. On March 20, 2015, the Court issued an Order and Final
Judgment approving the class settlement and dismissing the action with
prejudice, and the AIG settlement became final on June 29, 2015.  

   Individual Securities Litigations.    Between November
18, 2011 and February 9, 2015, eleven separate, though similar, securities
actions (Individual Securities Litigations) were filed in or transferred to the
Southern District of New York (SDNY), asserting claims substantially similar to
those in the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation against AIG and certain
directors and officers of AIG and AIGFP. Two of the actions were voluntarily
dismissed. On September 10, 2015, the SDNY granted AIG s motion to dismiss some
of the claims in the Individual Securities Litigations in whole or in part. AIG
has settled eight of the nine remaining actions. The remaining Individual
Securities Litigation pending in the SDNY was brought by a series of
institutional investor funds. After the court s decision granting AIG s motion
to dismiss plaintiff s claims in part, the claims in the remaining action are
limited to a claim under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act for allegedly
materially false and misleading statements in AIG s public disclosures from February
8, 2008 to September 16, 2008 relating to, among other things, the Subprime
Exposure Issues.  

  On March 27, 2015, an additional securities action was filed
in state court in Orange County, California asserting a claim against AIG
pursuant to Section 11 of the Securities Act (the California Action) that is
substantially similar to those in the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation and
the Individual Securities Litigations. After denying AIG s motion to remove the
California Action to federal court and stay the action, the trial court
overruled AIG s demurrer to dismiss all of the claims asserted in the
California Action, which is currently on appeal to the California Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Appellate District.  

  We have accrued our current estimate of probable loss with
respect to these litigations.  

  Starr
International Litigation   

On November 21, 2011, Starr International
Company, Inc. (SICO) filed a complaint against the United States in the
United States Court of Federal Claims (the Court of Federal Claims), bringing
claims, both individually and on behalf of the classes defined below and
derivatively on behalf of AIG (the SICO Treasury Action). The complaint
challenges the government s assistance of AIG, pursuant to which AIG entered
into a credit facility with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the FRBNY,
and such credit facility, the FRBNY Credit Facility) and the United States
received an approximately 80 percent ownership in AIG. The complaint
alleges that the interest rate imposed on AIG and the appropriation of
approximately 80 percent of AIG s equity was discriminatory,
unprecedented, and inconsistent with liquidity assistance offered by the
government to other comparable firms at the time and violated the Equal
Protection, Due Process, and Takings Clauses of the U.S. Constitution.  

57   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 10. CONTINGENCIES, COMMITMENTS AND
GUARANTEES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

In the SICO Treasury Action, the
only claims naming AIG as a party (as a nominal defendant) are derivative
claims on behalf of AIG. On September 21, 2012, SICO made a pre litigation
demand on our Board demanding that we pursue the derivative claims or allow
SICO to pursue the claims on our behalf. On January 9, 2013, our Board
unanimously refused SICO s demand in its entirety and on January 23, 2013,
counsel for the Board sent a letter to counsel for SICO describing the process
by which our Board considered and refused SICO s demand and stating the reasons
for our Board s determination.  

  On March 11, 2013, SICO filed a second amended complaint
in the SICO Treasury Action alleging that its demand was wrongfully refused. On
June 26, 2013, the Court of Federal Claims granted AIG s and the United
States  motions to dismiss SICO s derivative claims in the SICO Treasury Action
due to our Board s refusal of SICO s demand and denied the United States 
motion to dismiss SICO s direct, non-derivative claims.  

  On March 11, 2013, the Court of Federal Claims in the
SICO Treasury Action granted SICO s motion for class certification of two
classes with respect to SICO s non derivative claims: (1) persons
and entities who held shares of AIG Common Stock on or before
September 16, 2008 and who owned those shares on September 22, 2008
(the Credit Agreement Shareholder Class); and (2) persons and entities who
owned shares of AIG Common Stock on June 30, 2009 and were eligible to
vote those shares at AIG s June 30, 2009 annual meeting of shareholders
(the Reverse Stock Split Shareholder Class). SICO has provided notice of class
certification to potential members of the classes, who, pursuant to a court
order issued on April 25, 2013, had to return opt in consent forms
by September 16, 2013 to participate in either class. 286,908 holders of
AIG Common Stock during the two class periods have opted into the classes.  

  On June 15,
2015, the Court of Federal Claims issued its opinion and order in the SICO
Treasury Action.  The Court found that the United States exceeded its statutory
authority by exacting approximately 80 percent of AIG s equity in exchange for
the FRBNY Credit Facility, but that AIG shareholders suffered no damages as a
result.  SICO argued during trial that the two classes are entitled to a total
of approximately $40 billion in damages, plus interest. The Court also found
that the United States was not liable to the Reverse Stock Split Class in
connection with the reverse stock split vote at the June 30, 2009 annual
meeting of shareholders.  

  On June 17, 2015, the Court of Federal Claims entered
judgment stating that  the Credit Agreement Shareholder Class shall prevail on
liability due to the Government's illegal exaction, but shall recover zero
damages, and that the Reverse Stock Split Shareholder Class shall not prevail
on liability or damages.   SICO filed a notice of appeal of the July 2,
2012 dismissal of SICO s unconstitutional conditions claim, the June 26, 2013
dismissal of SICO s derivative claims, the Court s June 15, 2015 opinion and
order, and the Court s June 17, 2015 judgment to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit. The United States filed a notice of cross
appeal of the Court s July 2, 2012 opinion and order denying in part its motion
to dismiss, the Court s June 26, 2013 opinion and order denying its motion to
dismiss SICO s direct claims, the Court s June 15, 2015 opinion and order, and
the Court s June 17, 2015 judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Federal Circuit.  

  On August 25, 2015, SICO filed its appellate brief, in which
it stated SICO does not appeal the dismissal of the derivative claims it
asserted on behalf of AIG.    

  In the Court of Federal Claims, the United States has
alleged, as an affirmative defense in its answer, that AIG is obligated to
indemnify the FRBNY and its representatives, including the Federal Reserve
Board of Governors and the United States (as the FRBNY s principal), for any
recovery in the SICO Treasury Action.  

  AIG believes that any indemnification
obligation would arise only if: (a) SICO prevails on its appeal and ultimately
receives an award of damages; (b) the United States then commences an action
against AIG seeking indemnification; and (c) the United States is successful in
such an action through any appellate process. If SICO prevails on its claims
and the United States seeks indemnification from AIG, AIG intends to assert
defenses thereto. A reversal of the Court of Federal Claim s June 17, 2015
decision and judgment and a final determination that the United States is
liable for damages, together with a final determination that AIG is obligated
to indemnify the United States for any such damages, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and results of
operations.  

58   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 10. CONTINGENCIES, COMMITMENTS AND
GUARANTEES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

False Claims Act Complaint  

On February 25, 2010, a complaint was filed in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of California by two
individuals (Relators) seeking to assert claims on behalf of the United States
against AIG and certain other defendants, including Goldman Sachs and Deutsche
Bank, under the False Claims Act. Relators filed a first amended complaint on
September 30, 2010, adding certain additional defendants, including Bank
of America and Soci t  G n rale. The first amended complaint alleged that
defendants engaged in fraudulent business practices in respect of their
activities in the over-the-counter market for collateralized debt obligations,
and submitted false claims to the United States in connection with the FRBNY
Credit Facility and Maiden Lane II LLC and Maiden Lane III LLC entities
(the Maiden Lane Interests) through, among other things, misrepresenting AIG s
ability and intent to repay amounts drawn on the FRBNY Credit Facility, and
misrepresenting the value of the securities that the Maiden Lane Interests
acquired from AIG and certain of its counterparties. The first amended
complaint sought unspecified damages pursuant to the False Claims Act in the
amount of three times the damages allegedly sustained by the United States as
well as interest, attorneys  fees, costs and expenses. The complaint and the
first amended complaint were initially filed and maintained under seal while
the United States considered whether to intervene in the action. On or about
April 28, 2011, after the United States declined to intervene, the
District Court lifted the seal, and Relators served the first amended complaint
on AIG on July 11, 2011. On April 19, 2013, the Court granted AIG s
motion to dismiss, dismissing the first amended complaint in its entirety,
without prejudice, giving the Relators the opportunity to file a second amended
complaint. On May 24, 2013, the Relators filed a second amended complaint,
which attempted to plead the same claims as the prior complaints and did not
specify an amount of alleged damages.   AIG and its
co-defendants filed    motions    to
dismiss the second amended complaint on August 9, 2013.    On March 29, 2014, the Court dismissed the second amended
complaint with prejudice. On April 30, 2014, the Relators filed a Notice of
Appeal to the Ninth Circuit. On May 5, 2016, the Ninth Circuit affirmed the
decision of the trial court and the Relators failed to file a petition for a
writ of certiorari to the United States Supreme Court within the mandated
period. Therefore, the District Court judgment dismissing the case is now final
and no longer subject to appeal.   

  Litigation
Matters Relating to AIG s Insurance Operations  

Caremark.    AIG and certain of its subsidiaries have been
named defendants in two putative class actions in state court in Alabama that
arise out of the 1999 settlement of class and derivative litigation involving
Caremark Rx, Inc. (Caremark). The plaintiffs in the second filed
action intervened in the first filed action, and the second filed
action was dismissed. An excess policy issued by a subsidiary of AIG with
respect to the 1999 litigation was expressly stated to be without limit of
liability. In the current actions, plaintiffs allege that the judge approving
the 1999 settlement was misled as to the extent of available insurance coverage
and would not have approved the settlement had he known of the existence and/or
unlimited nature of the excess policy. They further allege that AIG, its
subsidiaries, and Caremark are liable for fraud and suppression for
misrepresenting and/or concealing the nature and extent of coverage.   

  The complaints filed by the
plaintiffs and the intervenors request compensatory damages for the 1999 class
in the amount of $3.2 billion, plus punitive damages. AIG and its
subsidiaries deny the allegations of fraud and suppression, assert that
information concerning the excess policy was publicly disclosed months prior to
the approval of the settlement, that the claims are barred by the statute of
limitations, and that the statute cannot be tolled in light of the public
disclosure of the excess coverage. The plaintiffs and intervenors, in turn,
have asserted that the disclosure was insufficient to inform them of the nature
of the coverage and did not start the running of the statute of limitations.  

  On August 15, 2012, the trial court entered an order
granting plaintiffs  motion for class certification, and on September 12, 2014,
the Alabama Supreme Court affirmed that order. AIG and the other defendants 
petition for rehearing of that decision was denied on February 27, 2015. The
matter was remanded to the trial court for general discovery and adjudication
of the merits. On November 24, 2015, the trial court ruled that the defendants
had a duty to disclose the amount of insurance available at the settlement
approval hearings and that the defendants breached that duty. Thereafter, the
parties settled this      

59   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 10. CONTINGENCIES, COMMITMENTS AND
GUARANTEES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

matter and the court granted
final approval of the settlement on August 15, 2016. Payment of the
settlement amount was made on September 12, 2016. We had previously accrued our
estimate of loss with respect to this litigation.  

   Regulatory and Related Matters   

  In April 2007, the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners (NAIC) formed a Settlement Review Working Group, directed by the
State of Indiana, to review the Workers  Compensation Residual Market
Assessment portion of the settlement between AIG, the Office of the New York
Attorney General, and the New York State Department of Insurance.  In late
2007, the Settlement Review Working Group, under the direction of Indiana,
Minnesota and Rhode Island, recommended that a multi-state targeted market conduct
examination focusing on workers  compensation insurance be commenced under the
direction of the NAIC s Market Analysis Working Group.  AIG was informed
of the multi-state targeted market conduct examination in January 2008. 
The lead states in the multi-state examination were Delaware, Florida, Indiana,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island.  All
other states (and the District of Columbia) agreed to participate in the
multi-state examination. The examination focused on legacy issues related to
certain AIG entities  writing and reporting of workers compensation insurance
between 1985 and 1996.    

  On December 17, 2010, AIG and the lead states reached an
agreement to settle all regulatory liabilities arising out of the subjects of
the multistate examination.  This regulatory settlement agreement, which
was agreed to by all 50 states and the District of Columbia, included, among
other terms, (i) AIG s payment of $100 million in regulatory fines and
penalties; (ii) AIG s payment of $46.5 million in outstanding premium taxes and
assessments; (iii) AIG s agreement to enter into a compliance plan describing
agreed-upon specific steps and standards for evaluating AIG s ongoing
compliance with state regulations governing the setting of workers 
compensation insurance premium rates and the reporting of workers 
compensation premiums; and (iv) AIG s agreement to pay up to $150 million
in contingent fines in the event that AIG fails to comply substantially with
the compliance plan requirements. In furtherance of the compliance plan, the
agreement provided for a monitoring period from May 29, 2012 to May 29, 2014
leading up to a compliance plan examination.  After the close of the
monitoring period, as part of preparation for the actual conduct of the
compliance plan examination, on or about October 1, 2014, AIG and the lead
states agreed upon corrective action plans to address particular issues
identified during the monitoring period.  The compliance plan examination
is ongoing. There can be no assurance that the result of the compliance plan
examination will not result in a fine, have a material adverse effect on AIG s
ongoing operations or lead to civil litigation.  

  In connection with a multi state examination of certain
accident and health products, including travel products, issued by National
Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. (National Union), AIG Property
Casualty Inc. (formerly Chartis Inc.), on behalf of itself, National Union, and
certain of AIG Property Casualty Inc. s insurance and non insurance
companies (collectively, the AIG PC parties) entered into a Regulatory
Settlement Agreement with regulators from 50 U.S. jurisdictions effective
November 29, 2012. Under the agreement, and without admitting any
liability for the issues raised in the examination, the AIG PC parties
(i) paid a civil penalty of $50 million, (ii) entered into a
corrective action plan describing agreed upon specific steps and
standards for evaluating the AIG PC parties  ongoing compliance with laws and
regulations governing the issues identified in the examination, and
(iii) agreed to pay a contingent fine in the event that the AIG PC parties
fail to satisfy certain terms of the corrective action plan. On April 29, 2016,
National Union and other AIG companies achieved a settlement in principle of
civil litigation relating to the conduct of their accident and health business,
subject to formal documentation and court approval.  Preliminary approval of
the settlement was granted on October 14, 2016, and the settlement funds have
been placed into escrow, pending final court approval of the settlement. We had
previously accrued our estimate of loss with respect to this settlement. On May
23, 2016, the managing lead state in the multi-state examination ordered that
the companies subject to the Regulatory Settlement Agreement have  complied
with the terms  of the Regulatory Settlement Agreement and that no contingent
fine or civil penalty would be due.      

60   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 10. CONTINGENCIES, COMMITMENTS AND
GUARANTEES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Other Commitments   

In the normal course of business, we enter into commitments
to invest in limited partnerships, private equity funds and hedge funds and to
purchase and develop real estate in the U.S. and abroad. These commitments totaled
$3.2 billion at September 30, 2016.  

   Guarantees   

Subsidiaries  

We have issued unconditional guarantees with respect to the
prompt payment, when due, of all present and future payment obligations and
liabilities of AIGFP and of AIG Markets arising from transactions entered into
by AIG Markets.   

  In connection with AIGFP s business activities, AIGFP has
issued, in a limited number of transactions, standby letters of credit or
similar facilities to equity investors of structured leasing transactions in an
amount equal to the termination value owing to the equity investor by the
lessee in the event of a lessee default (the equity termination value). The
total amount outstanding at September 30, 2016 was $138 million. In those
transactions, AIGFP has agreed to pay such amount if the lessee fails to pay.
The amount payable by AIGFP is, in certain cases, partially offset by amounts
payable under other instruments typically equal to the present value of
scheduled payments to be made by AIGFP. In the event that AIGFP is required to
make a payment to the equity investor, the lessee is unconditionally obligated
to reimburse AIGFP. To the extent that the equity investor is paid the equity
termination value from the standby letter of credit and/or other sources,
including payments by the lessee, AIGFP takes an assignment of the equity
investor s rights under the lease of the underlying property. Because the
obligations of the lessee under the lease transactions are generally
economically defeased, lessee bankruptcy is the most likely circumstance in
which AIGFP would be required to pay without reimbursement.  

  Asset
Dispositions  

General   

We are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity
arrangements in connection with the completed sales of businesses pursuant to
our asset disposition plan. The various arrangements may be triggered by, among
other things, declines in asset values, the occurrence of specified business
contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities, developments in litigation
or breaches of representations, warranties or covenants provided by us. These
arrangements are typically subject to various time limitations, defined by the
contract or by operation of law, such as statutes of limitation. In some cases,
the maximum potential obligation is subject to contractual limitations, while
in other cases such limitations are not specified or are not applicable.  

  We are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of the maximum
potential payout under certain of these arrangements. Overall, we believe that
it is unlikely we will have to make any material payments related to completed
sales under these arrangements, and no material liabilities related to these
arrangements have been recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.   

61   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 10. CONTINGENCIES, COMMITMENTS AND
GUARANTEES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Other  

See Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional discussion of commitments and guarantees associated with VIEs.  

See Note 9 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional disclosures about derivatives.   

See Note 15 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional disclosures about guarantees of outstanding debt  .  

11. EQUITY   

Shares Outstanding   

The following table presents a rollforward of
outstanding shares:     

Dividends  

Payment of future dividends
to our shareholders and repurchases of AIG Common Stock depends in part on the
regulatory framework that we are currently subject to and that will ultimately
be applicable to us, including as a nonbank systemically important financial
institution under the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (Dodd Frank) and a global systemically important insurer.
In addition, dividends are payable on AIG Common Stock only when, as and if
declared by our Board of Directors in its discretion, from funds legally
available for this purpose. In considering whether to pay a dividend or
purchase shares of AIG Common Stock, our Board of Directors considers a number
of factors, including, but not limited to: the capital resources available to
support our insurance operations and business strategies, AIG s funding
capacity and capital resources in comparison to internal benchmarks,
expectations for capital generation, rating agency expectations for capital,
regulatory standards for capital and capital distributions, and such other
factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant.  

  On
March 28, 2016, we paid a dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG Common Stock to
shareholders of record on March 14, 2016.    On June 27, 2016  , we paid a dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG Common
Stock to shareholders of record on   June 13, 2016. On September 29, 2016,
we paid a dividend of $0.32 per share on AIG Common Stock to shareholders of
record on September 15, 2016.  

  See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the
2015 Annual Report for a discussion of restrictions on payments of dividends to
AIG Parent by its subsidiaries  .  

62   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 11. EQUITY      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Repurchase
of AIG Common Stock  

Our Board of Directors has
authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of
actions. On August 2, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized an additional
increase of $  3.0   billion to its previous share
repurchase authorization. A  s of September 30, 2016, approximately $2.4
billion remained under our share repurchase authorization. Shares     may be repurchased from time to time in the open
market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase
or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise (including through the
purchase of warrants). Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from
time to time be effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans.  

  We repurchased approximately 153 million shares of AIG Common
Stock in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $8.5 billion, and we repurchased 15 million
warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price
of $263 million.   

  The timing of any future repurchases will depend on market
conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other
factors.       

     Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income    

The following table presents a rollforward of
Accumulated other comprehensive income:     

*    Includes net unrealized gains attributable to businesses held
for sale.    

63   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 11. EQUITY      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

The following table presents the other comprehensive income
reclassification adjustments for the three-month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively:      

64   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 11. EQUITY      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

The following table presents the effect of the reclassification
of significant items out of Accumulated other comprehensive income on the
respective line items in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income:      

Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive
  Income  

Affected Line Item in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of
  Income  

Three Months Ended September 30,  

(in
  millions)    

2016   

2015  

Unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) of fixed maturity investments on which
  other-than-temporary credit impairments were taken   

Investments  

$   

6   

$  

13  

Other
  realized capital gains  

Total  

6   

13  

Unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) of all other investments   

Investments  

182   

(15)  

Other
  realized capital gains  

Deferred
  acquisition costs adjustment  

(19)   

(2)  

Amortization
  of deferred policy acquisition costs  

Future
  policy benefits  

-   

-  

Policyholder
  benefits and losses incurred  

Total  

163   

(17)  

Change
  in retirement plan liabilities adjustment   

Prior -
  service credit  

4   

187  

*  

Actuarial
  losses  

(7)   

(23)  

*  

Total  

(3)   

164  

Total
  reclassifications for the period  

$   

166   

$  

160  

Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive
  Income  

Affected Line Item in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of
  Income  

Nine Months Ended September 30,  

(in
  millions)    

2016   

2015  

Unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) of fixed maturity investments on which
  other-than-temporary credit impairments were taken   

Investments  

$   

106   

$  

68  

Other
  realized capital gains  

Total  

106   

68  

Unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) of all other investments   

Investments  

843   

609  

Other
  realized capital gains  

Deferred
  acquisition costs adjustment  

3   

(67)  

Amortization
  of deferred policy acquisition costs  

Future policy
  benefits  

-   

17  

Policyholder
  benefits and losses incurred  

Total  

846   

559  

Change
  in retirement plan liabilities adjustment   

Prior -
  service credit  

13   

210  

*  

Actuarial
  losses  

(24)   

(93)  

*  

Total  

(11)   

117  

-  

Total reclassifications
  for the period  

$   

941   

$  

744  

-  

*   These Accumulated other comprehensive income components are
included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 13 to the
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.       

65   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 12. EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

12. EARNINGS
PER SHARE (EPS)   

The basic EPS computation is based on the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding, adjusted to reflect all stock
dividends and stock splits. The diluted EPS computation is based on those
shares used in the basic EPS computation plus shares that would have been
outstanding assuming issuance of common shares for all dilutive potential
common shares outstanding and adjusted to reflect all stock dividends and stock
splits.     

   The following table presents the computation of basic
and diluted EPS:      

(a) Shares in the diluted EPS calculation represent basic shares
for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 due to the net loss in that
period.    

   (b) Dilutive shares
include our share based employee compensation plans and a weighted
average portion of the warrants issued to AIG shareholders as part of AIG s
recapitalization in January 2011. The number of shares excluded from diluted
shares outstanding was 0.1 million and 0.2 million for the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and 0.1 million and
0.2 million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015,
respectively, because the effect of including those shares in the calculation
would have been anti-dilutive.       

13. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

We sponsor various defined benefit pension
plans, post-retirement medical and life insurance plans for eligible employees
and retirees in the U.S. and certain non-U.S. countries. Effective January 1,
2016, the U.S. defined benefit pension plans were frozen for current
participants and closed to new hires.  Accordingly, compensation-based benefits
are no longer credited to the cash balance accounts of plan participants.     

66   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 13. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           (unaudited) 

Beginning in 2016, interest cost for
pension and postretirement benefits for our U.S. plans and largest non-U.S.
plans is measured by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve to
the plans  corresponding discounted cash flows that comprise the obligation
(the Spot Rate Approach). This method provides a more precise measurement of
interest cost by aligning the timing of the plans  discounted cash flows to the
corresponding spot rates on the yield curve  . Previously, we measured interest cost utilizing a single
weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the
benefit obligations.      

   The following table presents the components of net
periodic benefit cost with respect to pensions and other postretirement
benefits:     

67   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 14. INCOME TAXES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

14. INCOME
TAXES     

Interim Tax Calculation Method   

We use the estimated annual effective tax rate method in
computing our interim tax provision. Certain items, including those deemed to
be unusual, infrequent or that cannot be reliably estimated, are excluded from
the estimated annual effective tax rate. In these cases, the actual tax expense
or benefit is reported in the same period as the related item.  Certain tax
effects are also not reflected in the estimated annual effective tax rate,
primarily certain changes in the realizability of deferred tax assets and
uncertain tax positions.   

   Interim Tax
Expense (Benefit)   

For the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, the
effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was 41.2 percent. The
effective tax rate on income from continuing operations differs from the
statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to foreign exchange losses
incurred by our foreign subsidiaries related to the weakening of the British
pound following the Brexit vote taxed at a statutory tax rate lower than 35
percent, partially offset by tax benefits associated with tax exempt interest
income and reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to
income from continuing operations related to the disposal of available for sale
securities.     

  For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the
effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was 34.6 percent. The
effective tax rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory
tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to tax benefits associated with tax exempt
interest income, the impact of an agreement reached with the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) related to certain tax issues under audit and reclassifications
from accumulated other comprehensive income to income from continuing
operations related to the disposal of available for sale securities, partially
offset by a tax charge and related interest associated with increases in
uncertain tax positions related to cross border financing transactions and
foreign exchange losses incurred by our foreign subsidiaries related to the
weakening of the British pound following the Brexit vote taxed at a statutory
tax rate lower than 35 percent.  

  For the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, the
effective tax rate on loss from continuing operations was not meaningful, due
to a tax charge on a pre-tax loss. The tax charge was primarily due to
increases in uncertain tax positions related to cross-border financing
transactions, partially offset by tax benefits associated with tax-exempt
interest income and the partial completion of the IRS examination covering tax
year 2006.    

  For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, the
effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was 34.5 percent. The
effective tax rate on income from continuing operations for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2015 differs from the statutory tax rate of 35
percent primarily due to tax benefits associated with tax-exempt interest
income, reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to income
from continuing operations related to the deferred tax asset valuation
allowance previously released to accumulated other comprehensive income, and
the partial completion of the IRS examination covering tax year 2006, partially
offset by tax charges associated with increases in uncertain tax positions
related to cross-border financing transactions and increases in the deferred
tax asset valuation allowances associated with certain foreign jurisdictions.
The nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 includes an increase in the
deferred tax asset valuation allowance primarily attributable to the effects of
changes in the Japanese tax law enacted on March 31, 2015, partially offset by
changes in projections of future taxable income.  

68   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 14. INCOME TAXES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Assessment of Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance   

The evaluation of the recoverability of our deferred tax
asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive
and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not
that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The
weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be
objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists, the more positive
evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support a conclusion that
a valuation allowance is not needed.  

  Our framework for assessing the recoverability of the
deferred tax asset requires us to consider all available evidence, including:  

            the
nature, frequency, and amount of cumulative financial reporting income and
losses in recent years;  

            the
sustainability of recent operating profitability of our subsidiaries;  

            the
predictability of future operating profitability of the character necessary to
realize the net deferred tax asset;  

            the
carryforward period for the net operating loss, capital loss and foreign tax
credit carryforwards, including the effect of reversing taxable temporary
differences; and  

            prudent
and feasible actions and tax planning strategies that would be implemented, if
necessary, to protect against the loss of the deferred tax asset.  

  In performing our assessment of the recoverability of the
deferred tax asset under this framework, we consider tax laws governing the
utilization of the net operating loss, capital loss and foreign tax credit
carryforwards in each applicable jurisdiction.  Under U.S. tax law, a
company generally must use its net operating loss carryforwards before it can
use its foreign tax credit carryforwards, even though the carryforward period
for the foreign tax credit is shorter than for the net operating loss. 
Our U.S. federal consolidated income tax group includes both life companies and
non-life companies.  While the U.S. taxable income of our non-life companies
can be offset by the net operating loss carryforwards, only a portion (no more
than 35 percent) of the U.S. taxable income of our life companies can be offset
by those net operating loss carryforwards.  The remaining tax liability of
our life companies can be offset by the foreign tax credit carryforwards. 
Accordingly, we utilize both the net operating loss and foreign tax credit
carryforwards concurrently which enables us to realize our tax attributes prior
to expiration. As of September 30, 2016, based on all available evidence, it is
more likely than not that the U.S. net operating loss and foreign tax credit
carryforwards will be utilized prior to expiration and, thus, no valuation
allowance has been established.  

  Estimates of future taxable income, including income
generated from prudent and feasible actions and tax planning strategies could
change in the near term, perhaps materially, which may require us to consider
any potential impact to our assessment of the recoverability of the deferred
tax asset. Such potential impact could be material to our consolidated
financial condition or results of operations for an individual reporting
period.  

  For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016, recent changes in market conditions, including falling interest rates,
impacted the unrealized tax gains and losses in the U.S. Life Insurance
Companies  available for sale securities portfolio, resulting in an increase to
the net deferred tax liability related to net unrealized tax capital gains. As
of June 30, 2016, based on all available evidence, we concluded that the
valuation allowance should be released. As a result, for the six-month period
ended June 30, 2016, we released $1.2 billion of valuation allowance associated
with the unrealized tax losses in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies  available
for sale securities portfolio, all of which was recognized in other
comprehensive income. As of September 30, 2016, we continue to be in an overall
unrealized tax gain position with respect to the U.S. Life Insurance Companies 
available for sale securities portfolio and thus concluded      no
valuation allowance is necessary in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies  available
for sale securities portfolio  .   

  During the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016, we recognized a net decrease of $2 million and $4 million, respectively,
in our deferred tax asset valuation allowance associated with certain foreign
jurisdictions, primarily attributable to changes in projections of taxable
income.  

69   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 14. INCOME TAXES      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

Tax Examinations and Litigation   

On August 1, 2012, we filed a motion for partial summary
judgment related to the disallowance of foreign tax credits associated with
cross border financing transactions in the Southern District of New York. On
March 29, 2013, the Southern District of New York denied our motion. On March
17, 2014, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (the Second Circuit)
granted our petition for an immediate appeal of the partial summary judgment
decision. On September 9, 2015, the Second Circuit affirmed the decision of the
Southern District of New York. On October 13, 2015, we filed a petition
for a writ of certiorari to the U.S Supreme Court. On March 7, 2016 the U.S.
Supreme Court denied our petition for certiorari.  As a result, the case will
be remanded back to the Southern District of New York for a jury trial.  

  We will vigorously defend our position and continue to
believe that we have adequate reserves for any liability that could result from
these government actions. We continue to monitor legal and other developments
in this area, including recent decisions affecting other taxpayers, and
evaluate their effect, if any, on our position.  

   Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our
unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, were $4.5 billion
and $4.3 billion, respectively. The nine-month period ended September 30, 2016,
reflects an increase in amounts associated with cross border financing
transactions, partially offset by benefits realized due to an agreement reached
with the IRS related to certain tax issues under audit. At both September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, our unrecognized tax benefits related to tax
positions that, if recognized, would not affect the effective tax rate because
they relate to such factors as the timing, rather the permissibility, of the
deduction were $0.1 billion.  Accordingly, at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would
favorably affect the effective tax rate were $4.4 billion and $4.2 billion,
respectively.  

  Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
are recognized in income tax expense.  At both September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, we had accrued liabilities of $1.2 billion for the payment of
interest (net of the federal benefit) and penalties. For the nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we accrued a benefit of $16 million and an
expense of $133 million, respectively, for the payment of interest and
penalties. The reduction in interest from December 31, 2015 is primarily
related to benefits associated with an agreement reached with the IRS related
to certain tax issues under audit, partially offset by an increase associated
with cross border financing transactions.   

  We regularly evaluate adjustments proposed by taxing
authorities. At September 30, 2016, such proposed adjustments would not have
resulted in a material change to our consolidated financial condition, although
it is possible that the effect could be material to our consolidated results of
operations for an individual reporting period. Although it is reasonably possible
that a change in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the
next 12 months, based on the information currently available, we do not expect
any change to be material to our consolidated financial condition.    

70   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 15. INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION
WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

15.         INFORMATION
PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

The
following Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements reflect the results of AIGLH,
a holding company and a wholly owned subsidiary of AIG. AIG provides a full and
unconditional guarantee of all outstanding debt of AIGLH.   

   Condensed
Consolidating Balance Sheets   

(a)     Includes intercompany derivative positions, which are reported at
fair value before credit valuation adjustment    .   

   (b) Eliminated
in consolidation.       

71   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 15. INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION
WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidating
Statements of Income   

72   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 15. INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION
WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

*  Eliminated in consolidation.       

73   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 15. INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION
WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidating
Statements of Comprehensive Income    

74   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 15. INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION
WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidating
Statements of Cash Flows   

75   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 15. INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION
WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 

Supplementary
Disclosure of Condensed Consolidating Cash Flow Information   

American
International Group, Inc. (As Guarantor) supplementary disclosure of non-cash
activities:   

Nine Months Ended September 30,   

(in
  millions)   

2016   

2015  

Intercompany
  non-cash financing and investing activities:   

Capital contributions  

$   

3,086   

$  

111  

Dividends received in the
  form of securities  

4,055   

1,997  

Fixed maturity securities
  received in exchange for equity securities  

440   

-  

Non-cash
  financing/investing activities:   

Consideration received
  from sale of shares of AerCap  

-   

500  

76   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

Item
1 /           NOTE 16. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS      

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited) 

16.         SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS      

Dividends Declared and Increase in Share Repurchase
Authorization   

On November 2, 2016, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share,
payable on December 22, 2016 to shareholders of record on December 8, 2016.  

  On November 2, 2016, our Board of
Directors authorized an additional increase to its previous repurchase
authorization of AIG Common Stock of $3.0 billion, resulting in an aggregate
remaining authorization on such date of approximately $4.4 billion.  

   Sales of Businesses   

On October 18, 2016, we entered
into agreements to sell certain insurance operations to Fairfax Financial
Holdings Limited (Fairfax). The agreements include the sale of our subsidiary
operations in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Uruguay and Venezuela, as well as
insurance operations in Turkey. Fairfax will also acquire renewal rights for
the portfolios of local business written by our operations in Bulgaria, Czech
Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania and Slovakia, and assume certain of our
operating assets and employees. Total cash consideration to us is expected to
be approximately $240 million. The transactions are subject to obtaining the
relevant regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.     

77   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS                  

ITEM 2 /    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS  

GLOSSARY AND ACRONYMS OF SELECTED INSURANCE
TERMS AND REFERENCES   

  Throughout this Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A), we use certain terms
and abbreviations, which are summarized in the Glossary and Acronyms.  

  American
International Group, Inc. (AIG)   has incorporated into this discussion a
number of cross-references to additional information included throughout this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the
quarterly periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 and in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (2015 Annual Report)
to assist readers seeking additional information related to a particular
subject.  

  In this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, unless otherwise mentioned or unless the context
indicates otherwise, we use the terms  AIG,  the  Company,   we,   us  and
 our  to refer to American International Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
and its consolidated subsidiaries. We use the term  AIG Parent  to refer solely
to American International Group, Inc., and not to any of its consolidated
subsidiaries.       

     CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION   

    This Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q and other publicly available documents may include, and officers
and representatives of AIG may from time to time make, projections, goals,
assumptions and statements that may constitute  forward looking
statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. These projections, goals, assumptions and statements are not
historical facts but instead represent only our belief regarding future events,
many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our
control. These projections, goals, assumptions and statements include
statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as
 will,   believe,   anticipate,   expect,   intend,   plan,   focused
on achieving,   view,   target,   goal  or  estimate.  These
projections, goals, assumptions and statements may address, among other things,
our:  

exposures to subprime mortgages, monoline insurers, the residential
  and commercial real estate markets, state and municipal bond issuers,
  sovereign bond issuers, the energy sector and currency exchange rates;  
          
    exposure to European governments and European financial institutions;  
          
    strategy for risk management;  
          
    sales of businesses;  
          
    restructuring of business operations;  
          
    generation of deployable capital;  
          
    strategies to increase return on equity and earnings per share;  

strategies to grow net investment income, efficiently manage capital,
  grow book value per common share, and reduce expenses;  
          
    anticipated restructuring charges and annual cost savings;  
          
    anticipated business or asset divestitures or monetizations;  
          
    anticipated organizational and business changes;  
          
    strategies for customer retention, growth, product development, market
  position, financial results and reserves; and  
          
    subsidiaries' revenues and combined ratios.  

78   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

It is possible that our actual results and financial
condition will differ, possibly materially, from the results and financial
condition indicated in these projections, goals, assumptions and statements.
Factors that could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially,
from those in the specific projections, goals, assumptions and statements
include:  

changes in
  market conditions;  
             negative
  impacts on customers, business partners and other stakeholders;  
             the occurrence
  of catastrophic events, both natural and man-made;  
             significant
  legal proceedings;  
             the timing and
  applicable requirements of any new regulatory framework to which we are
  subject as a nonbank systemically important financial institution (SIFI) and
  as a global systemically important insurer (G SII);  
             concentrations
  in our investment portfolios;  
          
    actions by credit rating agencies;   
          
    judgments concerning casualty insurance underwriting and insurance
  liabilities;  
          
    our ability to successfully manage run-off insurance portfolios;  

our ability to successfully reduce costs and expenses and make
  business and organizational changes without negatively impacting client
  relationships or our competitive position;  
          
    our ability to successfully dispose of, or monetize, businesses or
  assets, including our ability to successfully consummate the sale of United
  Guaranty Corporation (UGC or United Guaranty) and certain related affiliates
  to Arch Capital Group, Ltd. (Arch);  
          
    judgments concerning the recognition of deferred tax assets;   
          
    judgments concerning estimated restructuring charges and estimated
  cost savings; and  
          
    such other factors discussed in:  
          
    Part I, Item 2. MD A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10   
          
    Part I, Item 2. MD A and Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of
  the Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q for the quarterly periods ended
  March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016; and  
          
    Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7. MD A of our
  2015 Annual Report.  

We are not under any obligation (and expressly disclaim any
obligation) to update or alter any projections, goals, assumptions or other
statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  

79   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

The MD A is organized
as follows:   

80   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 2
/           USE OF NON-GAAP MEASURES      

USE OF NON-GAAP MEASURES   

    Throughout this MD A, we present our financial condition and results
of operations in the way we believe will be most meaningful and representative
of our business results. Some of the measurements we use are  non GAAP
financial measures  under SEC rules and regulations. GAAP is the acronym for
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.  The non GAAP
financial measures we present may not be comparable to similarly named
measures reported by other companies.  

   Book Value Per Common Share Excluding Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (AOCI) and Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI and
Deferred Tax Assets (DTA)    are used to show the amount of our net worth on a
per-share basis. We believe these measures are useful to investors because they
eliminate items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period,
including changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio,
foreign currency translation adjustments and U.S. tax attribute deferred tax
assets. These measures also eliminate the asymmetrical impact resulting from
changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio wherein
there is largely no offsetting impact for certain related insurance
liabilities. We exclude deferred tax assets representing U.S. tax attributes
related to net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they
have not yet been utilized. Amounts for interim periods are estimates based on
projections of full-year attribute utilization. As net operating loss
carryforwards and foreign tax credits are utilized, the portion of the DTA
utilized is included in Book Value Per Common Share. Book Value Per Common
Share Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing Total AIG shareholders  equity,
excluding AOCI, by Total common shares outstanding. Book Value Per Common Share
Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by dividing Total AIG shareholders  equity,
excluding AOCI and DTA, by Total common shares outstanding. The reconciliation
to book value per common share, the most comparable GAAP measure, is presented
in the Executive Overview section of this MD A.  

   Return on Equity   After-tax Operating Income Excluding
AOCI and Return on Equity   After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA   
are used to show the rate of return on shareholders  equity. We believe these
measures are useful to investors because they eliminate items that can
fluctuate significantly from period to period, including changes in fair value
of our available for sale securities portfolio, foreign currency translation
adjustments and U.S. tax attribute deferred tax assets. These measures also
eliminate the asymmetrical impact resulting from changes in fair value of our
available for sale securities portfolio wherein there is largely no offsetting
impact for certain related insurance liabilities. We exclude deferred tax
assets representing U.S. tax attributes related to net operating loss
carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they have not yet been utilized.
Amounts for interim periods are estimates based on projections of full-year
attribute utilization. As net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax
credits are utilized, the portion of the DTA utilized is included in Return on
Equity. Return on Equity   After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI is derived
by dividing actual or annualized after-tax operating income attributable to AIG
by average AIG shareholders  equity, excluding average AOCI. Return on Equity  
After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by dividing actual
or annualized after-tax operating income attributable to AIG by average AIG
shareholders  equity, excluding average AOCI and DTA. The reconciliation to
return on equity, the most comparable GAAP measure, is presented in the
Executive Overview section of this MD A.  

  We use the following operating performance measures because
we believe they enhance the understanding of the underlying profitability of
continuing operations and trends of our business segments. We believe they also
allow for more meaningful comparisons with our insurance competitors. When we
use these measures, reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure are
provided in the Results of Operations section of this MD A on a
consolidated basis.  

81   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 2
/           USE OF NON-GAAP MEASURES      

After-tax operating income attributable
to AIG     is derived by excluding the following items from net income
attributable to AIG. These items generally fall into one or more of the
following broad categories: legacy matters having no relevance to our current
businesses or operating performance; adjustments to enhance transparency to the
underlying economics of transactions; and measures that we believe to be common
to the industry. For example, certain ratios and other metrics described below
exclude:  

deferred
  income tax valuation allowance releases and charges;  
             changes in
  fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits;  
             changes in
  benefit reserves and deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC), value of
  business acquired (VOBA), and sales inducement assets (SIA) related to net
  realized capital gains and losses;  
             other income
  and expense   net, related to Corporate and Other run-off insurance
  lines;  
             loss on
  extinguishment of debt;  
             net realized
  capital gains and losses;  
             non qualifying
  derivative hedging activities, excluding net realized capital gains and
  losses;  

income or loss
  from discontinued operations;  
             income and
  loss from divested businesses, including:   
             gain on the
  sale of International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC);   
             gain on the
  sale of NSM Insurance Group (NSM) and AIG Advisor Group; and  
             certain
  post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by AerCap Holdings N.V.
  (AerCap) in connection with its acquisition of ILFC and the difference
  between expensing AerCap s maintenance rights assets over the remaining lease
  term as compared to the remaining economic life of the related aircraft and
  related tax effects;  
             legacy tax
  adjustments primarily related to certain changes in uncertain tax positions
  and other tax adjustments;   
             non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements;  
             reserve
  development related to non-operating run-off insurance business; and  
             restructuring
  and other costs related to initiatives designed to reduce operating expenses,
  improve efficiency and simplify our organization.   

Operating revenue    excludes Net realized capital gains
(losses), income from non-operating litigation settlements (included in Other
income for GAAP purposes) and changes in fair value of securities used to hedge
guaranteed living benefits (included in Net investment income for GAAP
purposes).  

  We use the following operating performance measures within
our Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance reportable segments as well as
Corporate and Other.  

             Commercial
Insurance; Consumer Insurance: Personal Insurance;         Corporate and
Other: United Guaranty    

Pre tax operating income:    includes both underwriting income
and loss and net investment income, but excludes net realized capital gains and
losses, other income and expense   net, gain on the sale of NSM, and
non-operating litigation reserves and settlements. Underwriting income and loss
is derived by reducing net premiums earned by losses and loss adjustment
expenses incurred, acquisition expenses and general operating expenses.  

Ratios:    We, along with most property and casualty
insurance companies, use the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the combined
ratio as measures of underwriting performance. These ratios are relative
measurements that describe, for every $100 of net premiums earned, the amount
of losses and loss adjustment expenses, and the amount of other underwriting
expenses that would be incurred. A combined ratio of less than 100 indicates
underwriting income and a combined ratio of over 100 indicates an underwriting
loss. Our ratios are calculated using the relevant information      

82   

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  

Item 2
/           USE OF NON-GAAP MEASURES      

calculated under GAAP, and thus may not be comparable to
similar ratios calculated for regulatory reporting purposes. The underwriting
environment varies across countries and products, as does the degree of
litigation activity, all of which affect such ratios. In addition, investment
returns, local taxes, cost of capital, regulation, product type and competition
can have an effect on pricing and consequently on profitability as reflected in
underwriting income and associated ratios.  

            Accident year
loss and combined ratios, as adjusted:    both the accident year loss and
combined ratios, as adjusted, exclude catastrophe losses and related
reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and
the impact of reserve discounting. Natural catastrophe losses are generally
weather or seismic events having a net impact in excess of $10 million
each. Catastrophes also include certain man-made events, such as terrorism and
civil disorders, that meet the $10 million threshold. We believe the as
adjusted ratios are meaningful measures of our underwriting results on an
on-going basis as they exclude catastrophes and the impact of reserve
discounting which are outside of management s control. We also exclude prior
year development to provide transparency related to current accident year
results.  

Consumer Insurance: Retirement and Life; Corporate and
Other: Institutional Markets    

            Pre tax
operating income    is derived by excluding the following items from pre tax
income:   

changes in
  fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits;  

changes in
  benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to net realized capital gains
  and losses; and  

net realized
  capital gains and losses;  
             gain on the
  sale of AIG Advisor Group;  

non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements.  

Premiums and deposits:    includes direct and assumed amounts
received and earned on traditional life insurance policies, group benefit
policies and life contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits
received on universal life, investment type annuity contracts and mutual
funds.  

Corporate and Other   Pre tax operating income and
loss     is derived by excluding the following items from pre tax
income and loss:  

loss on
  extinguishment of debt;  
             net realized
  capital gains and losses;  
             changes in
  benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to net realized capital gains
  and losses;  
             income and
  loss from divested businesses, including Aircraft Leasing;  

net gain or
  loss on sale of divested businesses, including:  
            
    gain on the sale of ILFC; and  
            
    certain post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by
  AerCap in connection with its acquisition of ILFC and the difference between
  expensing AerCap s maintenance rights assets over the remaining lease term as
  compared to the remaining economic life of the related aircraft and our share
  of AerCap s income taxes;   
             non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements;   
             reserve
  development related to non-operating run-off insurance business; and  
             restructuring
  and other costs related to initiatives designed to reduce operating expenses,
  improve efficiency and simplify our organization.  

Results from
discontinued operations are excluded from all of these measures.  

83   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW  

This overview of the MD A highlights selected
information and may not contain all of the information that is important to
current or potential investors in AIG s securities. You should read this Quarterly
Report on Form 10 Q, together with the 2015 Annual Report, in its
entirety for a complete description of events, trends, uncertainties, risks and
critical accounting estimates affecting us.   

  We report our results of operations as follows:  

Commercial Insurance             Commercial Insurance offers property
casualty insurance products and services to commercial customers worldwide. Product
lines include Casualty, Property, Specialty, and Financial lines. These products
are distributed through a diversified multichannel distribution network that
includes independent insurance brokers, and through an independent agency
network.   

Consumer Insurance      Consumer Insurance offers a broad
portfolio of retirement, life insurance and property casualty products and
services to individuals and groups. Consumer Insurance products include term
life, whole life, universal life, accident and health, variable and index annuities,
fixed annuities, group retirement plans, mutual funds, financial planning,
automobile and homeowners insurance, travel insurance, and warranty and service
programs. Consumer Insurance offers its products and services through a
diverse, multi-channel distribution network, which includes broker-dealers,
agencies and independent marketing organizations, banks, brokers, partnerships,
travel agents, affiliated financial advisors, and direct-to-consumer platforms.   

Corporate and Other        Corporate
and Other consists of income from assets held by AIG Parent and other corporate
subsidiaries, results from United Guaranty and Institutional Markets, general
operating expenses not attributable to specific reportable segments and
interest expense. It also includes run-off lines of insurance business.  

  Prior to the third quarter of 2016, we presented United
Guaranty and Institutional Markets as operating segments of Commercial
Insurance. Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, in order to align our
financial reporting with the manner in which our chief operating decision
makers review the businesses to assess performance and make decisions about
resources to be allocated, United Guaranty and Institutional Markets are
presented in the Corporate and Other category for all periods presented. As a
result, Commercial Insurance operations now consist of our commercial property
and casualty business.  

   As a result of the transaction agreement discussed in Note 4
to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the associated assets and
liabilities of UGC have been classified as held-for-sale at September 30,
2016.    

   In
the second quarter of 2015, a United Guaranty subsidiary and certain of our
property casualty companies entered into a 50 percent quota share arrangement
whereby the United Guaranty subsidiary (1) ceded 50 percent of the risk
relating to policies written in 2014 that were current as of January 1, 2015
and (2) ceded 50 percent of the risk relating to all policies written in 2015
and 2016, each in exchange for a 30 percent ceding commission and
reimbursements of 50 percent of the losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred
on covered policies. Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the effects of
these intercompany reinsurance arrangements are included in the results of
Commercial Insurance and Corporate and Other for all periods presented.
Previously, these arrangements were eliminated for purposes of segment
reporting.    

  Prior periods have been revised to conform to the current
period presentation for the above segment changes.  

  On January 26, 2016, we announced several actions designed
to create a leaner, more profitable and focused insurer. These actions include
a plan to reorganize our operating model into  modular , more self-contained
business units to enhance transparency and accountability. Additionally, we are
introducing a new Legacy Portfolio that aims to maximize value and release
capital of certain run-off non-strategic assets and highlight progress on
improving the return on equity (ROE) of our Operating Portfolio.  When the new
operating structure is finalized in the fourth quarter, the presentation of our
segment results will be modified and prior periods  presentation will be
revised to conform to the new structure.  

84   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

2016 Divestiture and Reinsurance
Transaction Highlights  

  Since the first
quarter of 2016, we have entered into or consummated the following transactions:  

In May 2016, we completed the sale of the Advisor Group to investment
funds affiliated with Lightyear Capital LLC and PSP Investments.  

In August 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our 100 percent
interest in UGC and certain related affiliates to Arch for total consideration
of $3.4 billion.  Consummation of this transaction is subject to obtaining the
requisite regulatory approvals or non-disapprovals and other customary closing
conditions.  

In August 2016, we sold our controlling interest in NSM Insurance Group
(NSM), a managing general agent, to ABRY Partners for consideration of $201
million. We retained an equity interest in a newly formed joint venture and
will continue to provide underwriting capacity to NSM.   

In September 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our 20 percent
interest in Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd. and our 100 percent interest in
the related syndicate-funding subsidiary Ascot Corporate Name Ltd. to Canada
Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB). Consummation of the transaction is
subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and other customary closing
conditions.  Total consideration for the transaction is $1.1 billion, inclusive
of CPPIB s recapitalization of Syndicate 1414 s Funds at Lloyd s (FAL) capital
requirements. We expect to receive approximately $240 million in net cash
proceeds from the transaction after the FAL recapitalization and release of the
AIG-guaranteed letter of credit currently supporting the syndicate s FAL.  

In September 2016, we entered into a reinsurance agreement involving
certain whole life and universal life businesses of one of our domestic life
insurance subsidiaries. This transaction reduced certain statutory reserves
that were above economic requirements, which released excess statutory capital
of $1.0 billion that was included in dividend payments to AIG Parent.  

In October 2016, we entered into an agreement with Fairfax Financial
Holdings Limited (Fairfax), as part of a strategic partnership that will
further focus and streamline our global insurance operations. We agreed to sell
to Fairfax our country subsidiary operations in Argentina, Chile, Colombia,
Uruguay, Venezuela, as well as insurance operations in Turkey. Fairfax will
also acquire renewal rights for the portfolio of local business written by our
operations in Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, and Slovakia,
and assume certain of our operating assets and employees. Total cash
consideration to us is expected to be approximately $240 million. The
transactions are subject to obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals and
other customary closing conditions.  This divesture furthers our strategic goal
of focusing our geographic footprint for Commercial Insurance and Personal
insurance, while maintaining our global multinational capabilities.    

85   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

Executive Summary   

     Financial Performance   

Commercial Insurance    pre tax operating income increased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year
primarily due to higher returns on alternative investments and an increase in
fair value of assets accounted for under the fair value option, partially
offset by an increase in underwriting loss. The increase in underwriting loss
was driven primarily by higher catastrophe losses and higher net adverse prior
year loss reserve development primarily from U.S. program business within
Specialty, partially offset by favorable Property development. This impact was
partially offset by lower general operating expenses, lower acquisition costs,
and an improvement in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, reflecting
lower severe losses, compared to the same period in the prior year.   

  Commercial Insurance pre tax
operating income decreased in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to lower returns on
alternative investments, as well as an underwriting loss compared to
underwriting income for the same period in the prior year. The underwriting
results were impacted by significantly higher catastrophe losses and a net loss
reserve discount charge compared to a benefit in the same period in the prior
year as a result of decreases in the forward yield curve rates used for
discounting. These results were partially offset by an improvement in the
accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, and lower net adverse prior year loss
reserve development compared to the same period in the prior year.  

   Consumer Insurance   
pre-tax operating income   increased    in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year, due to higher underwriting income in Personal Insurance, higher net
positive adjustments to reflect the update of actuarial assumptions in
Retirement and Life, higher returns on alternative investments and lower
domestic general operating expenses in Retirement and Life.   Retirement p   re-tax operating income
increased     in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year, primarily due to     a higher net positive adjustment from the review and update of
actuarial assumptions, higher net investment income, the impact of lower equity
market performance in the prior year and higher policy fees from growth in
assets under management.     Life pre-tax operating income increased        in the three-month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,    primarily
due to a lower net negative adjustment from the review and update of actuarial
assumptions, higher net investment income and lower domestic general operating
expenses.  Personal Insurance pre-tax operating income increased in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year, reflecting strategic actions to reduce expenses and refocus direct
marketing activities, partially offset by higher current accident year losses.  

  Consumer Insurance pre-tax operating income increased in
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in
the prior year, primarily due to higher net positive adjustments to reflect the
update of actuarial assumptions in Retirement and Life, favorable mortality
experience in Life, lower domestic general operating expenses in Retirement and
Life and improved underwriting results in Personal Insurance, which reflected
strategic actions to reduce expenses and refocus direct marketing activities
together with higher net   favorable prior year loss reserve development
and   lower general operating expenses, partially
offset by lower returns on alternative investments in Retirement and Life.   

   Corporate and Other     reported a higher pre-tax
operating loss in the    three-month period ended September 30, 2016    compared to the same period
in the prior year, primarily due to a pre-tax operating loss in Institutional
Markets driven by loss recognition expense on certain payout annuities from the
update of actuarial assumptions. This was partially offset by    higher earnings on investments for which the fair value
option was elected.    Also, the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 included a pension
curtailment credit. Additionally, the run-off insurance lines reported
underwriting income in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared
to underwriting loss in the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by
lower net adverse prior year loss reserve development as well as a decrease in
net loss reserve discount charge related to excess workers  compensation
business largely driven by interest rate movements.   

   Corporate
and Other reported a pre-tax operating loss in the    nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016   ,
compared to pre-tax operating income in the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to a pre-tax operating loss from Institutional Markets,          

86   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

lower earnings on investments for
which the fair value option was elected, as well as an absence of equity
earnings from shares in AerCap, which were sold in the prior-year period.    In addition, the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2015 included a pension curtailment credit.    Additionally, Run-off insurance lines reported a pre-tax
operating loss in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to
pre-tax operating income in the same period in the prior year. The pre-tax
operating loss in Run-off insurance lines was driven by a charge for the
discount on excess workers  compensation reserves in the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to a benefit in the same period in the prior
year, largely driven by decreases in the forward yield curve rates used for
discounting.  

   Our investment portfolio
performance    improved        in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year primarily due to higher returns on alternative investments. Our
investment portfolio performance declined in the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year due to lower income on
alternative investments and lower reinvestment yields, partially offset by an
increase in invested assets and higher gains on securities for which the fair
value option was elected.  

   Net
realized capital losses        increased in the three-month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily
due to higher foreign exchange losses related to the weakening of the British
pound following the Brexit vote, which more than offset lower other-than
temporary impairment charges and higher gains on the sale of securities.   

  We recorded net realized capital
losses in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to
foreign exchange losses and impairments, which were higher than the gain
recognized on the sale of a portion of our holdings in People s Insurance
Company (Group) of China Limited and PICC Property   Casualty Company
Limited (collectively, our PICC Investment), compared to net realized capital
gains in the same period in the prior year, which was driven primarily by
foreign exchange gains and net gains on the sales of various securities such as
the Class B shares of Prudential Financial and common shares of Springleaf
Holdings, Inc.  See MD A   Investments   Net Realized Capital Gains and
Losses for further discussion.  

  In keeping with our broad and
on-going efforts to transform AIG for long-term competitiveness, results for
the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 included
approximately $0.2 billion and $0.5 billion, respectively, of pre-tax
restructuring and other costs, primarily composed of employee severance and     contract termination
charges. Results for both the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015 included approximately $0.3 billion of pre-tax restructuring and other
costs.  

  We continue to execute initiatives
focused on organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business
rationalization, which are expected to result in pre-tax restructuring and
other costs of approximately $1.2 billion (of which approximately $1.0 billion
has been recognized) as well as generate pre-tax annualized savings of
approximately $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion when fully implemented.  

87   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

Our Performance   Selected Indicators   

88   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

The
following table presents a reconciliation of Book value per common share to
Book value per common share, excluding AOCI, and Book value per common share,
excluding AOCI and DTA, which are non-GAAP measures.  See Use of Non GAAP
Measures for additional information.    

The
following table presents a reconciliation of Return on equity to Return on
equity, after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI, and Return on equity,
after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI and DTA, which are non-GAAP
measures.  See Use of Non GAAP Measures for additional information.    

89   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

Total revenues    
      (in
  millions)   

Income (loss) from continuing operations   
      (in
  millions)   

Net income (Loss) ATTRIBUTABLE TO AIG   
     (in
  millions)   

Net INCOME (loss) PER COMMON SHARE
  ATTRIBUTABLE TO AIG (DILUTED)   

after-tax operating income attributable to
  aig    (excludes net realized capital gains
  and certain other items)  
     (in
  millions)   

Pre-tax operating income (loss) by segment   
     (in millions)   

90   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

TOTAL ASSETS   
     (in millions)   

Long-term debt   
     (in millions)   

Total AIG shareholders  equity   
     (in millions)   

Book value per COMMON share, book value
  per common share excluding AOCI and book value per common share excluding
  AOCI and dta   

*   Includes
operating borrowings of other subsidiaries and consolidated investments and
hybrid debt securities.  

   Investment Highlights   

Net investment income increased
to $3.8 billion in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$3.2 billion in the same period in the prior year due to higher income on
alternative investments and an increase in the fair market value of assets
where the fair value option was elected.  Net investment income decreased to
$10.5 billion in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$10.9 billion in the same period in the prior year due to lower income on
alternative investments and lower reinvestment yields, partially offset by an
increase in invested assets and higher gains on securities for which the fair
value option was elected. While corporate debt securities represented the core
of new investment allocations, we continued to make investments in structured
securities, mortgage loans and other fixed income investments with favorable
risk versus return characteristics to improve yields and increase net
investment income.  

  Net unrealized gains in our available for sale portfolio increased
to approximately $19.6 billion as of September 30, 2016, from approximately
$8.8 billion as of December 31, 2015, due to a decline in interest rates and a
narrowing of credit spreads.  

  The overall
credit rating of our fixed maturity securities portfolio remains largely
unchanged from December 31, 2015.  

91   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

Liquidity and Capital Resources Highlights   

We maintained financial
flexibility at AIG Parent in the nine-month period ended September 30,     2016          through $2.5 billion in
dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our Non-Life
Insurance Companies and $3.8 billion in dividends and loan repayments in the
form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our Life Insurance Companies.   AIG
Parent also received $2.2 billion in tax sharing payments in the form of cash
and fixed maturity securities from our insurance businesses in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, including $595 million of such payments in the
third quarter of 2016.  

   Our Board of Directors increased our previous share
repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG
Common Stock), by an additional $3.0 billion on November 2, 2016   ,
resulting in a remaining authorization on such date of approximately $4.4
billion. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased
approximately 153 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately $8.5 billion pursuant to this authorization,    and we repurchased 15 million warrants to purchase shares
of AIG Common Stock, for an aggregate purchase price of $263 million pursuant
to this authorization   . Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(Exchange Act) Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans, from October 1 to November 2,
2016, we have repurchased approximately $946 million of additional shares of
AIG Common Stock.   

   We paid a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock    of
$0.32 per share on each of March 28, 2016, June 27, 2016 and September 29,
2016.  

   Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG
Common Stock on November 2, 2016    of $0.32 per share, payable on December
22, 2016 to shareholders of record on December 8, 2016.  

     Strategic Outlook   

     Industry Trends   

Our business is affected by industry and economic factors
such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market
conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition,
and general economic, market and political conditions. We continued to operate
under difficult market conditions in 2016, characterized by factors such as
historically low interest rates, instability in the global equity markets,
volatile energy markets, slowing growth in China and Euro-Zone economies and
the United Kingdom (the UK) advisory referendum in which a majority voted for
the UK to withdraw its membership in the European Union (the EU) (commonly
referred to as Brexit). The Brexit vote has also affected the U.S.
dollar/British pound exchange rate, increased the volatility of exchange rates
among the euro, British pound and the Japanese yen (the Major Currencies), and
created volatility in the financial markets, which may continue for some time.  

  Interest rates remain low relative to historical levels,
and certain markets in which we operate are experiencing negative interest
rates. A sustained low interest rate environment negatively affects sales of
interest rate sensitive products in our industry and may negatively impact the
profitability of our existing business as we reinvest cash flows from
investments, including increased calls and prepayments of fixed maturity
securities and mortgage loans, at rates below the average yield of our existing
portfolios.  We actively manage our exposure to the interest rate environment
through economic hedging of interest rate risk from guarantee features in our
variable annuities and spread management strategies for our investment-oriented
products.  

92   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

For
investment-oriented products in our Retirement and Life operating segments and
our Institutional Markets operations, our spread management strategies include
disciplined pricing and product design for new business, limiting the sale of
products that do not achieve targeted spreads, using asset-liability management
to match assets to liabilities to the extent practicable, and actively managing
crediting rates to help mitigate some of the pressure on investment spreads.
Lowering interest crediting rates can help offset the impact of lower
investment yields, but our ability to lower crediting rates may be limited by
the competitive environment, contractual minimum crediting rates, and
provisions that allow rates to be reset only at pre-established intervals. As a
result, the timing and extent of crediting rate decreases may differ from the
corresponding declines in investment yields, which could reduce our spreads and
future profitability. A sustained low interest rate environment may favorably
affect surrender activity of contract holders whose contractual minimum
crediting rates are above those currently available in the marketplace. In
addition, customers are currently seeking fixed annuities with longer surrender
charge periods in pursuit of higher returns, which may help mitigate the
increase of surrenders if interest rates rise rapidly in the future.  

  Spreads and surrender rates are important components of the
future profit assumptions that drive the rate we use to amortize DAC and
related reserves for investment-oriented products. If future profit assumptions
change significantly, we may be required to recalculate DAC and related
reserves, and reflect any resulting adjustments in current period income.
Additionally, for certain traditional long-duration products for which we are
unable to adjust interest rates, including structured settlements and other
payout annuities, our future earnings may be reduced in a sustained low
interest rate environment, and we may be required to record additional
reserves.   

  The impact of low interest rates on our Commercial
Insurance segment is primarily on our long-tail Casualty line of business. We
expect limited impacts on our existing long-tail Casualty business as the
duration of our assets is slightly longer than that of our liabilities. We do
expect sustained low interest rates will impact new and renewal business for
the long-tail Casualty line as we may not be able to adjust our future pricing
consistent with our profitability objectives to fully offset the impact of
investing at lower rates. However, we will continue to maintain pricing
discipline and risk selection.  

  For our Commercial Insurance segment, and run-off insurance
lines reported within Corporate and Other, sustained low interest rates may
unfavorably affect the net loss reserve discount for workers  compensation, and
to a lesser extent could favorably impact assumptions about future medical
costs; the combined net effect of which could result in higher net loss
reserves.   

  Additionally, sustained low interest rates on discounting
of projected benefit cash flows for our pension plans may result in higher
pension expense.  

  Currency volatility in the first nine months  of 2016 was
acute compared to recent years, as the  British pound weakened considerably
against the U.S. dollar, although the Japanese yen strengthened against the
U.S. dollar in that period.  The euro also weakened modestly against the
U.S. dollar. Such volatility affected line item components of income for those
businesses with substantial international operations. In particular, growth
trends in net premiums written reported in U.S. dollars can differ
significantly from those measured in original currencies. The net effect on
underwriting results, however, is significantly mitigated, as both revenues and
expenses are similarly affected.   

  These currencies may continue to fluctuate, in either
direction, especially as a result of the UK s expected exit from the EU, and
such fluctuations will affect net premiums written growth trends reported in
U.S. dollars, as well as financial statement line item comparability.  

  See Results of Operations   Foreign Currency Impact; Results
of Operations   Segment Results   Quarterly and Year-to-date Pre-Tax Income
Comparison for 2016 and 2015; Results of Operations   Commercial Insurance Net
Premiums Written by Region; and Results of Operations   Consumer Insurance  
Personal Insurance Net Premiums Written by Region.  

93   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

AIG
  Priorities for 2016 and Beyond   

AIG is focused on the following
  priorities for 2016 and beyond:  
            
    Improving our ROE  
            
    Creating a leaner, more profitable and focused insurer by
  reorganizing our operating model into  modular , more self-contained business
  units to enhance transparency and accountability, including through the
  introduction of a new Legacy Portfolio that aims to maximize value and
  release capital from the run-off of non-strategic assets   
            
    Reducing general operating expenses  
            
    Improving the Commercial Insurance accident year loss ratio   
            
    Returning excess capital to shareholders  
               Growing
  book value per common share  

Outlook for Our Operating Businesses    

  The outlook for each of our businesses and management
initiatives to improve growth and performance in 2016 and over the longer term
is summarized below. See our 2015 Annual Report for additional information
concerning strategic initiatives and opportunities for each of our businesses.   

   COMMERCIAL
INSURANCE Outlook and Strategic initiatives    

Market
Conditions and Industry Trends   

Commercial
Insurance expects the current low interest rate environment relative to
historical levels, currency volatility, and ongoing uncertainty in global
economic conditions will continue to limit growth and profitability in some
markets and challenge growth of net investment income. Due to these conditions
and overcapacity in the property casualty insurance industry, Commercial
Insurance has continued to diversify its business focusing on growing
profitable segments and geographies, exiting unprofitable lines and developing
advanced data and analytics to improve profitability.   

   Commercial
Insurance has observed improving trends in certain key indicators that may
partially offset the effect of current economic challenges. In the first nine
months of 2016, the property casualty insurance industry experienced growth in
certain classes of business in Property and Financial lines. Commercial
Insurance also expects that expansion in certain growth economies will continue
at a faster pace than in developed countries, but at levels lower than those
previously expected due to revised economic assumptions. As a result of its
ongoing strategy to optimize its portfolio and maintain underwriting
discipline, Commercial Insurance expects that net premiums written for the U.S.
Casualty line, and to a lesser extent, certain lines within Specialty and
Property, will continue to decrease throughout the remainder of the year.     In addition, the Brexit referendum may negatively affect
premium production in the European market, both on a reported basis and in
original currency.   

   Overall,
Commercial Insurance experienced a modest increase in rate pressure in the
first nine months of 2016. Commercial Insurance expects that trend to continue
in the near term, particularly in certain lines including in the U.S. Property
Excess and Surplus market. Commercial Insurance continues to differentiate its
underwriting capacity from its peers by leveraging its     global footprint, diverse product offering,     risk engineering expertise and significant underwriting
experience.   

94   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

In the
U.S., Commercial Insurance s exposure to terrorism risk is mitigated by the
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization     Act (TRIPRA)          in
addition to limited private reinsurance protections. For additional information
on     TRIPRA    , see Item 1A. Risk Factors   Reserves and Exposures and
Item 7. MD A   Enterprise Risk Management   Insurance
Operations Risks   Non-Life Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks  
Terrorism Risk in our 2015 Annual Report.   

   Strategic
Initiatives    

Customer      Strive to be our
  clients  most valued insurer by offering innovative products, superior
  service and access to an extensive global network.  
     Sharpen Commercial Focus      Achieve
  ROE in excess of target across our businesses primarily through improvements
  in our loss ratio.  Improve our business portfolio through risk selection by
  using enhanced data, analytics and the application of science to deliver
  superior risk-adjusted returns. Exit or remediate targeted sub-segments of
  underperforming portfolios that do not meet our risk acceptance or
  profitability objectives.  
     Drive Efficiency      Reorganize our operating model into
   modular , more self-contained business units to enhance decision making,
  transparency and accountability, driving performance improvement and
  strategic flexibility over time; increase capital fungibility and
  diversification, streamline our legal entity structure, optimize reinsurance,
  improve tax efficiency and reduce expenses.  
     Invest to Grow      Grow our higher-value businesses
  while investing in transformative opportunities, continuing initiatives to
  modernize our technology and infrastructure, advancing our engineering
  capabilities, innovating new products and client risk solutions and
  delivering a better client experience.  

Customer  

Our vision is to be our clients 
most valued insurer. We expect that investments in underwriting, claims services,
client risk solutions, science and data will continue to differentiate us from
our peers and drive a superior client experience. For example,   during the fourth quarter of 2015, we increased
global commercial property limits to $2.5 billion per occurrence from $1.5
billion, in response to increased demand for capacity and services from clients
managing complex global risks and increasing property values. This increase was
the result of recent investments in engineering and analytical capabilities, which
in turn allowed us to secure meaningful support from a panel of long-standing
reinsurers.  

  Sharpen
Commercial Focus   

Exit or remediate targeted
underperforming portfolios   

  Commercial Insurance is focused on serving our clients by
providing the products and services where we have the most potential to deliver
value.  Experience and emerging data indicate that there are consistently
under-performing sub-segments of our business.  We will invest and grow where
we see opportunity and we will exit or remediate underperforming portfolios. For
example, in 2015 we transferred approximately $1.2 billion of loss reserves to
our run-off insurance lines and in the nine-month period ended September 30,
2016 we transferred another $1.3 billion. This enables us to focus on growth
opportunities while allowing for more proactive management of the transferred
reserves by run-off specialists. We also did not renew certain accounts that
did not meet our profit objectives in our Casualty and Property lines and, to a
lesser extent, in our Specialty lines.  

  We will continue to further enhance our risk selection
process and refine technical pricing through enhanced tools and analytics to
achieve this goal.  

95   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

Drive Efficiency  

Narrow geographic footprint while
continuing to maintain and improve multinational capabilities   

  Commercial Insurance, along with our other businesses,
continues to evaluate the markets and geographies that provide the greatest
opportunities, while maintaining the global footprint that our multinational clients
greatly value.  Additionally, we will continue to leverage our various
off-shore centers, taking advantage of opportunities to centralize and
standardize processes and platforms. We believe there is great opportunity to
further streamline our global operating model.  

   Expand and optimize the use of
reinsurance and other risk mitigating strategies    

  Commercial Insurance continues to execute capital management
initiatives by enhancing broad based risk tolerance guidelines for its
operating units, implementing underwriting strategies to increase ROE by line
of business and reducing exposure to businesses with inadequate pricing and
increased loss trends. Commercial Insurance remains focused on enhancing its
global reinsurance strategy to improve overall capital efficiency, although
this strategy may lead to periodic income statement volatility.  

  In accordance with our strategic plan, during the first
quarter of 2016, we entered into a two-year reinsurance arrangement with the Swiss
Re Group, under which a proportional share of our new and renewal U.S. Casualty
portfolio is being ceded. This arrangement is reducing the impact of the U.S.
Casualty loss ratio on our overall loss ratio.   

   Accelerate micro-segmentation of risks
using internal and external data   

  Commercial Insurance continues to improve decision-making,
risk acceptance and pricing based on its ongoing efforts to refine segmentation
by customer, industry and geography. For example, after enhancing the
segmentation of workers  compensation, Commercial Insurance has observed
different experience and trends, which helps inform its risk appetite, pricing
and loss mitigation decisions.  

  Invest
to Grow  

Grow most profitable lines   

  Commercial Insurance continues to focus on growth in our
higher-value businesses while investing in transformative opportunities,
continuing initiatives to modernize our technology and infrastructure,
advancing our engineering capabilities, innovating new products and client risk
solutions and delivering a better client experience.  Commercial Insurance
expects to grow in businesses such as Financial lines, including D O, Cyber
and Mergers   Acquisitions, Large Limit and Middle Market Property,
Multinational and certain areas internationally.  

96   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

consumer
insurance outlook and STRATEGIC INITIATIVES   

Market Conditions and Industry Trends   

Retirement  

Increasing life expectancy and reduced expectations for
traditional retirement income from defined benefit programs and fixed income
securities are leading Americans to seek additional financial security as they
approach retirement. The strong demand for individual variable and fixed index
annuities with guaranteed income features has attracted increased competition
in this product space. In response to the continued low interest rate
environment, which has added pressure to profit margins, we have developed
guaranteed income benefits for both variable and fixed index annuities with
margins that are less sensitive to the level of interest rates.  In addition,
higher tax rates and a desire for better investment returns have prompted less
risk-averse investors to elect products without guaranteed living benefits.  

  The sustained low interest rate environment has a significant
impact on the annuity industry. Low long-term interest rates put pressure on
investment returns, which may negatively affect sales of interest rate
sensitive products and reduce future profits on certain existing fixed rate
products, although our disciplined rate setting has helped to mitigate some of
the pressure on investment spreads. In addition, mutual insurance companies and
more highly leveraged competitors are currently offering higher crediting
rates. As long as the low interest rate environment continues, conditions will
be challenging for the fixed annuity market. Rapidly rising interest rates
could create the potential for increased sales, but may also drive higher
surrenders. Customers are, however, currently buying fixed annuities with
longer surrender periods in pursuit of higher returns, which may help mitigate
the rate of increase in surrenders in a rapidly rising rate environment. In
addition, older contracts that have higher minimum interest rates and continue
to be attractive to the contract holders are driving better than expected
persistency.  Low interest rates have also driven growth in our fixed index
annuity products, which provide additional interest crediting tied to favorable
performance in certain equity market indices.  

  Consumer Insurance provides products and services to certain
employee benefit plans that are subject to restrictions imposed by ERISA and
the Internal Revenue Code, including rules that generally restrict the
provision of investment advice by a fiduciary to ERISA plans and participants
and Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) if the investment recommendation
results in fees paid to the fiduciary individual advisor, his or her firm or
their affiliates that vary according to the investment recommendation chosen. 
On April 8, 2016, the DOL published its final fiduciary duty rule (the Final
Rule), substantially expanding the definition of fiduciary investment advice. 
As a result, the circumstances under which financial services providers and
financial advisors could be deemed a fiduciary under ERISA or the Internal
Revenue Code when providing investment advice with respect to ERISA plans or
IRAs are greatly expanded.  For additional information on the Final Rule, see
Part I, Item 2. MD A   Regulatory Environment section of the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016.  We are analyzing the
Final Rule s potential impact on our customers, distribution partners,
financial advisors and us, and preparing to implement the necessary adjustments
to come into compliance with the Final Rule.  The Final Rule could require us,
and our competitors, to make material changes to certain of our business
practices and product designs, and could materially affect our ability and the
ability of our distribution partners and financial advisors to sell or service
certain annuities and other investment products.  The initial compliance date
of the final rule is April 10, 2017, with full compliance required by January
1, 2018.  Once we have completed our analysis of the Final Rule s potential
impact, we intend to strategically invest in the most attractive post-DOL
opportunities across the market.  

  Life  

Populations are living longer and
have increased needs for financial protection for beneficiaries, estate
planning and wealth creation. The Life operating segment addresses the need for
protection against the risk of premature death through a broad spectrum of
products that include both term and permanent life insurance. In addition, the
Life operating segment has numerous product designs and benefits that offset
other risks such as chronic and critical illness.  

97   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

In
response to a sustained low interest rate environment, the Life operating
segment has been actively re-pricing products and shifting its focus away from
products with long-duration interest rate guarantees by introducing new
products with shorter guarantees as well as index universal life products.  

  Personal Insurance  

The need for full life cycle products and coverage,
increases in personal wealth accumulation, and awareness of insurance
protection and risk management continue to support the growth of the Personal
Insurance industry. Our Personal Insurance operations focus on group and
corporate clients, together with individual customers within national markets. 
We expect the demand for multinational cross-boundary coverage and services to
increase due to the internationalization of clients and customers. Our global
presence   provides    Personal Insurance a distinct
competitive advantage.    

  In Japan, the competition for auto insurance has
intensified, in part driven by a decline in new car sales and the existence of
fewer but larger insurers. In addition, the overall market size in homeowners
insurance contracted after the duration restriction on long-term fire insurance
became effective in October 2015. In the U.S., we compete in the high net worth
market and will continue to expand our innovative products and services to
distribution partners and clients.  Outside of Japan and the U.S., our Personal
Insurance operating segment continues to invest selectively in markets where we
believe higher potential for sustainable profitability exists.  

   Strategic Initiatives   

Customer      Strive to be our
  clients  most valued insurer. Through our unique franchise, which brings
  together a broad portfolio of retirement, life insurance and personal
  insurance products offered through multiple distribution networks, Consumer
  Insurance aims to provide customers with the products and services they
  desire, delivered through the channels they prefer.  
     Information-driven
  Strategy             Utilize customer insight, analytics and the application
  of science to optimize customer acquisition, product profitability, product
  mix, channel performance and risk management capabilities.  
     Sharpen
  Consumer Focus      Invest in areas where Consumer Insurance can grow
  profitably and sustainably. Target growth in select markets according to
  market size, growth potential, market maturity and customer demographics and
  narrow our footprint in less profitable markets with insufficient scale.  
     Operational
  Effectiveness      Simplify processes and enhance operating environments to
  increase competitiveness, improve service and product capabilities and
  facilitate delivery of our target customer experience.  
     Investment
  Strategy      Maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed
  maturity securities that largely matches the duration characteristics of the
  related insurance liabilities, and pursue selective yield-enhancement opportunities
  that meet liquidity, risk and return objectives.  
     Profitability and Capital
  Management      Deliver solid earnings through disciplined pricing,
  sustainable underwriting improvements, expense reductions and diversification
  of risk, and increase capital efficiency within insurance entities to enhance
  return on equity.  

98   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

Customer  

In striving to be our clients  most valued insurer, we have
implemented initiatives to better serve our target segments. Our focus on ease
of doing business for consumers and producers includes enhancements to our
platforms and services.  We are working to expand relationships with key
distribution partners to offer our products across multiple distribution
channels.  

  Information-driven Strategy  

We believe that strengthening
our information-driven decision making and marketing capabilities through the
use of enhanced analytics, stronger platforms and tools, a well-designed
product portfolio and expanded relationships may allow us to bring more
effective product solutions to our chosen markets.    

  We focus on rate adequacy through our global underwriting
practices and tools and analytics, and seek to optimize the value of our
business lines through product and portfolio management and refined technical
pricing. We strive to deliver leading customer experience and efficiency
through claims best practices, deployment of enhanced operating structures and
standardized processes and systems, while managing claims-handling efficiency.  

  Sharpen Consumer Focus  

Retirement Income Solutions    intends to continue
capitalizing on the opportunity to meet consumer demand for guaranteed income
by maintaining competitive variable annuity product offerings, while managing
risk from guarantee features through risk-mitigating product design and
well-developed economic hedging capabilities. Retirement Income Solutions
continues to invest in hedging and market risk management capabilities.
Retirement Income Solutions has diversified its product portfolio by offering
fixed index annuities that also offer guaranteed withdrawal features, which
provide additional lifetime income solutions for consumers approaching
retirement.  

   Fixed Annuities    sales will continue to be challenged
by the low interest rate environment. Sales of fixed annuities could improve if
interest rates rise and the yield curve steepens, as these market conditions
make fixed annuity products more attractive compared to alternatives such as
bank deposits; however, they could also lead to higher surrender activity.
During periods of equity market volatility, our fixed annuity products provide
diversity in our annuity product suite by offering stable returns for
retirement savings. The growing market for immediate and deferred income
products, driven by customers seeking guaranteed income products, provides an
opportunity for Fixed Annuities to increase the diversification of its product
portfolio.  

   Life    will continue to invest to position itself for growth,
serve its customers more effectively, and maintain pricing discipline in its
overall strategy. Life s organization has been aligned to focus on the
demographic, governmental and socioeconomic trends unique to each area in which
we operate. To improve capital efficiency, we entered into a reinsurance
agreement in September 2016 involving certain of our whole life and universal
life businesses. The transaction reduced certain statutory reserves that are
above economic requirements in our domestic Life business, which released
excess statutory capital that was included in the dividends paid by the Life
Insurance Companies in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016.   

  In October 2016, we made a
strategic decision to refocus our group benefits business, which included the
decision to cease quoting new business in Life s U.S. employer and voluntary
group benefits lines and seek strategic alternatives for group products distributed
through sponsored organizations.  

   Personal Insurance    aims to provide clients with the
products and services they desire, delivered through the channels they prefer. 
We continue to focus and invest in the most profitable markets and segments,
while narrowing our footprint where appropriate. We are also leveraging our
multinational capabilities to meet the increasing demand for cross-border
coverage and services. Personal Insurance will continue to utilize its strong
risk management and market expertise to foster growth by providing innovative
and competitive solutions to its customers and distributors.  

99   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

Operational
Effectiveness  

We are continuing to invest in initiatives that we believe
will make our operating platforms simpler and more agile, enabling us to
provide superior service and accommodate future growth. In Japan, we continue
to invest in technology to improve operating efficiency and ease of doing
business for our distribution partners and customers. In the U.S. Life
business, we are focused on leveraging our most efficient systems and
increasing automation of our underwriting process. We believe that simplifying
our operating models will enhance productivity and support further profitable
growth.  

  Investment Strategy  

Our investment objective is to
maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities having
weighted average durations that are matched to the duration and cash flow
profile of our liabilities, to the extent practicable. Our investment strategy
is to maximize net investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity
requirements, capital constraints, diversification requirements,
asset-liability matching and available investment opportunities. While a
portfolio of alternative investments remains a fundamental component of the
investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies, we intend to reduce the
overall size of the hedge fund portfolio, in light of changing market
conditions and perceived market opportunities, and to continue reducing the
size of the private equity portfolio. See Investments for additional discussion
of investment strategies. If these reductions were to include the sale of
alternative investments that support certain payout annuities, we could incur
additional loss recognition expense on such products, due to updating
assumptions to reflect reinvestment at lower future yields. See Critical
Accounting Estimates   Insurance Liabilities   Future Policy Benefits
for Life and Accident and Health Insurance Contracts (Life Insurance Companies)
for discussion of assumptions related to loss recognition testing in our 2015
Annual Report.  

  Profitability and Capital
Management  

We are focused on enhancing profitability and capital
efficiency within our insurance entities through disciplined pricing, in-force
profitability management, effective management of risk and expense reductions.
For product lines where we have significant equity market risk and exposure to
changes in interest rates, we use risk management tools, such as the risk
mitigation product features and hedging program in our Retirement Income
Solutions and Group Retirement annuity businesses. Additionally, our scale and
the breadth of our product offerings provide diversification of risk. Within
our Non-Life Insurance Companies, we continue to increase capital efficiency.   

  In conjunction with our strategic divestiture program, in
May 2016, we completed the sale of AIG Advisor Group, our network of
independent broker-dealers, to investment funds affiliated with Lightyear Capital
LLC and PSP Investments, and recognized a pre-tax gain of $238 million.  

  See Results of Operations   Consumer Insurance and Insurance
Reserves for additional information about our Consumer Insurance businesses.  

100   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    

Corporate and Other strategic
initiatives and OUTLOOK   

United
Guaranty  

On August 15, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our
100 percent interest in UGC and certain related affiliates to Arch. Total
consideration for the transaction is expected to be $3.4 billion. In the second
quarter of 2015, a United Guaranty subsidiary and certain of our property
casualty companies entered into a 50 percent quota share arrangement whereby 
the United Guaranty subsidiary (1) ceded 50 percent of the risk relating to
policies written in 2014 that were current as of January 1, 2015 and (2) ceded
50 percent of the risk relating to all policies written in 2015 and 2016, each
in exchange for a 30 percent ceding commission and reimbursements of 50 percent
of the losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred on covered policies.
Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the effects of these intercompany
reinsurance arrangements are included in the results of Commercial Insurance
and Corporate and Other for all periods presented. Previously, these arrangements
were eliminated for purposes of segment reporting.  

  The closing of the transaction is subject to certain
conditions, including obtaining the requisite regulatory approvals or
non-disapprovals and other customary closing conditions.   

  Institutional Markets  

Institutional Markets is expected to continue growing its
assets under management from the structured settlement business, stable value
wrap business and GICs, as well as from disciplined growth through the pursuit
of select opportunities related to pension buyouts and corporate markets.
Volatility in the earnings of our alternative investment portfolio will
continue to affect Institutional Markets  results. Institutional Markets could
incur additional loss recognition expense if future yield assumptions were
lowered on assets that support certain long-duration products, primarily
structured settlements, for which we do not have the ability to adjust interest
rates. Lower assumptions for future yields on such assets could result from
reinvestment of portfolio cash flows in the sustained low interest rate
environment, which may include proceeds from the strategic sale of alternative
investments that currently support such products.  

101   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following section provides a comparative discussion of
our Results of Operations on a reported basis for the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Factors that relate primarily to a
specific business segment are discussed in more detail within that business
segment discussion. For a discussion of the Critical Accounting Estimates that
affect the Results of Operations, see the Critical Accounting Estimates section
of this MD A and Part II, Item 7. MD A   Critical Accounting Estimates
in the 2015 Annual Report.  

   The following table presents our consolidated results
of operations:   

For the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, the effective
tax rate on income from continuing operations was 41.2 percent. The effective
tax rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory tax
rate of 35 percent primarily due to foreign exchange losses incurred by our
foreign subsidiaries related to the weakening of the British pound following
the Brexit vote taxed at a statutory tax rate lower than 35 percent, partially
offset by tax benefits associated with tax exempt interest income and
reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to income from
continuing operations related to the disposal of available for sale securities.  

For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the effective
tax rate on income from continuing operations was 34.6 percent. The effective
tax rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory tax
rate of 35 percent primarily due to tax benefits associated with tax exempt
interest income, the impact of an agreement reached with the IRS related to
certain tax issues under audit and reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive
income to income from continuing operations related to the disposal of
available for sale securities, partially offset by a tax charge and related
interest associated with increases in uncertain tax positions related to cross
border financing transactions and foreign exchange losses incurred by our
foreign subsidiaries related to the weakening of the British pound following
the Brexit vote taxed at a statutory tax rate lower than 35 percent.    

102   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

For the three-month period ended     September
30, 2015,     the effective tax rate on loss from continuing operations was not
meaningful, due to a tax charge on a pre-tax loss. The tax charge was primarily
due to increases in uncertain tax positions related to cross-border financing
transactions, partially offset by tax benefits associated with tax-exempt
interest income and the partial completion of the IRS examination covering tax
year 2006.     

   For the nine-month period ended     September 30, 2015,     the
effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was 34.5 percent. The
effective tax rate on income from continuing operations for the nine-month
period ended     September 30, 2015     differs from the statutory tax rate of 35
percent primarily due to tax benefits associated with tax-exempt interest
income, reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to income
from continuing operations related to the deferred tax asset valuation
allowance previously released to accumulated other comprehensive income, and
the partial completion of the IRS examination covering tax year 2006, partially
offset by tax charges associated with increases in uncertain tax positions
related to cross-border financing transactions and increases in the deferred
tax asset valuation allowances associated with certain foreign jurisdictions.
The nine-month period ended     September 30, 2015     includes
an increase in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance     primarily attributable to  
  the effects of changes in the Japanese tax law enacted on March 31,
2015, partially offset by changes in projections of future taxable income.   

    The
following table presents a reconciliation of pre-tax operating income to
pre-tax income and after-tax operating income to net income (loss) attributable
to AIG:    

103   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

* For the quarter ended
September 30, 2015, because we reported a net loss, all common stock
equivalents are anti-dilutive and are therefore excluded from the calculation
of diluted shares and diluted per share amounts.  However, because we
reported after-tax operating income, the calculation of after-tax operating
income per diluted share includes dilutive shares of 40,356,170.    

Net income attributable to AIG increased in the three-month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year due to
higher income from insurance operations, reflecting increased net investment
income, lower loss on extinguishment of debt, gain on sale of divested business
and higher income on assets held by AIG Parent, partially offset by loss
recognition expense on certain payout annuities in Institutional Markets and
higher net realized capital losses, which included increases in the fair value
of embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guaranteed living benefits,
net of hedges in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016.   

Net income attributable to AIG decreased in the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year due to
lower income on assets held by AIG Parent, a decrease in income from insurance
operations, reflecting decreased net investment income, loss recognition
expense on certain payout annuities in Institutional Markets, and net realized
capital losses in the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to
net realized capital gains in the same period in the prior year, partially offset
by lower loss on extinguishment of debt. Net realized capital losses in the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 included increases in the fair value
of embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guaranteed living benefits,
net of hedges, compared to net realized capital gains from decreases in such
liabilities in the same period in the prior year (see Insurance Reserves   Life
Insurance Companies   Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and Hedging
Program).   

   After-tax
operating income attributable to AIG increased in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due
to an increase in income from insurance operations, reflecting increased net
investment income and higher income on assets held by AIG Parent, partially
offset by losses from Institutional Markets driven by loss recognition expense
on certain payout annuities from the update of actuarial assumptions. 
After-tax operating income attributable to AIG decreased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year
primarily due to a decrease in income from insurance operations, reflecting
decreased net investment income and lower income on assets held by AIG Parent,
and losses from Institutional Markets driven by loss recognition expense on
certain payout annuities from the update of actuarial assumptions.   

104   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

For the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, the effective tax rate
on pre-tax operating income was 31.8 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.
The significant factors that contributed to the difference from the statutory
rate of 35 percent included tax benefits resulting from tax-exempt interest
income and other permanent tax items and the impact of other discrete tax
benefits. The nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 also includes certain
tax benefits associated with an agreement reached with the IRS related to
certain tax issues under audit.   

   For the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, the effective
tax rate on pre-tax operating income was 19.3 percent. The significant
factors that contributed to the difference from the statutory rate included tax
benefits resulting from tax-exempt interest income and other permanent tax
items, certain tax benefits associated with the     partial completion of the
IRS examination covering tax year 2006     and the impact of other discrete
tax benefits. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, the effective
tax rate on pre-tax operating income was 31.6 percent. The significant
factors that contributed to the difference from the statutory rate included tax
benefits resulting from tax-exempt interest income and other permanent tax
items, certain tax benefits associated with the     partial completion of the
IRS examination covering tax year 2006     and the impact of other discrete
tax benefits.   

       SEGMENT RESULTS   

We report the results of our operations through two
reportable segments: Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance. The Corporate
and Other category consists of businesses and items not allocated to our
reportable segments.  

   The following table summarizes the operations of each
reportable segment and Corporate and Other. See also Note 3 to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.   

pre-tax
operating income   

   (in millions)   

COMMERCIAL INSURANCE   

CONSUMER INSURANCE   

105   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

QUARTERLY PRE-TAX INCOME
COMPARISON FOR 2016 AND 2015   

Pre-tax results increased in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due
to:  

an increase in Commercial Insurance pre-tax operating income due to an
increase in net investment income, reflecting higher return on alternative
investments and an increase in the fair market value of assets accounted for
under the fair value option, partially offset by an increase in underwriting
loss;  

an increase in Consumer Insurance pre-tax operating income due to
improved underwriting income in Personal Insurance, higher net positive adjustments
to reflect the update of actuarial assumptions in Retirement and Life, higher
returns on alternative investments in all Consumer Insurance operating segments
and lower domestic general operating expenses in Retirement and Life;  

a gain on extinguishment of debt compared to a loss in the same period
in the prior year from ongoing liability management activities;   

lower restructuring and other costs; and  

higher income from divested businesses due to a gain of $105 million on
the sale of NSM Insurance Group (NSM).  

  These increases
were partially offset by:  

an increase in realized capital losses primarily due to higher foreign
exchange losses related to the weakening of the British pound following the
Brexit vote;  

a net decrease of $361 million in consolidated pre-tax income related to
guaranteed living benefits, net of hedges, primarily due to movement in the
non-performance or  own credit  spread adjustment (NPA) component of the
embedded derivative fair value measurement, which reflected significant gains
in the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 from the widening of credit
spreads (see Insurance Reserves   Life Insurance Companies   Variable Annuity
Guaranteed Benefit Features and Hedging Program); and  

higher pre-tax operating losses in Corporate and Other, primarily due to
a pre-tax operating loss in Institutional Markets driven by loss recognition
expense on certain payout annuities from the update of actuarial assumptions,
partially offset by higher earnings on Corporate and Other investments for
which the fair value option was elected, including ABS CDOs and part of our
PICC Investment.  In addition, the three-month period ended September 30, 2015
included a pension curtailment credit. Additionally, the underwriting loss
decreased in Run-off insurance lines in the three-month period ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by
lower net adverse prior year loss reserve development as well as a decrease in
net loss reserve discount charge related to excess workers  compensation
business largely driven by interest rate movements.  

106   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

YEAR-TO-DATE PRE-TAX
INCOME COMPARISON FOR 2016 AND 2015   

Pre-tax results decreased in the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to:  

a decrease in Commercial Insurance pre-tax operating income due to lower
net investment income, reflecting lower income on alternative investments and
fair market value declines of assets accounted for under the fair value option,
as well as an underwriting loss compared to underwriting income in the same
period in the prior year;  

lower Corporate and Other pre-tax operating results, primarily due to a pre-tax
operating loss in Institutional Markets driven by loss recognition expense on
certain payout annuities from the update of actuarial assumptions, lower
earnings on investments for which the fair value option was elected, including
ABS CDOs and part of our PICC Investment as well as the absence of equity
earnings from shares in AerCap, which were sold in the prior-year period. In
addition, the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 included a pension
curtailment credit.  Additionally, Run-off insurance lines reported a pre-tax
operating loss in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to
pre-tax operating income in the same periods in the prior year. The pre-tax
operating loss in Run-off insurance lines was driven by a charge for the
discount on excess workers  compensation reserves in the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to a benefit in the same period in the prior
year, largely driven by decreases in the forward yield curve rates used for
discounting;  

net realized capital losses primarily due to foreign exchange losses
compared to net realized gains due to foreign exchange gains and the sale of
Class B shares of Prudential Financial Inc. and common shares of Springleaf
Holdings, Inc. in the same period in the prior year;   

a net decrease of $678 million in consolidated pre-tax income related to
guaranteed living benefits, net of hedges, primarily due to movement in the NPA
   component of the
embedded derivative fair value measurement    (see Insurance Reserves  
Life Insurance Companies   Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and
Hedging Program); and  

higher restructuring and other costs.   

  These decreases
were partially offset by:  

an increase in Consumer Insurance pre-tax operating income, primarily
due to higher net positive adjustments to reflect the update of actuarial assumptions
in Retirement and Life, favorable mortality experience in Life, lower domestic
general operating expenses in Retirement and Life, and improved underwriting
results in Personal Insurance reflecting strategic actions to reduce expenses
and refocus direct marketing activities together with higher net favorable
prior year loss reserve development, partially offset by lower returns on
alternative investments in Retirement and Life;  

lower loss on extinguishment of debt from ongoing liability management
activities;   

lower interest expense from ongoing liability management activities
described in Liquidity and Capital Resources; and  

higher income from divested businesses due to gains of $238 million and
$105 million on the sales of AIG Advisor Group and NSM, respectively.  

107   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

Net Investment
Income   

Net investment income is attributed to Commercial Insurance,
the operating segments of Consumer Insurance and the operations of
Institutional Markets based on internal models consistent with the nature of
the underlying businesses.  

  For Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance   Personal
Insurance, we estimate investable funds based primarily on loss reserves and
unearned premiums. The net investment income allocation is calculated based on
these estimated investable funds consistent with the approximate duration of
the liabilities and the capital allocation for each operating segment.  

  For Consumer Insurance   Retirement, Consumer Insurance  
Life and Corporate and Other   Institutional Markets, net investment income is
attributed based on invested assets from segregated product line portfolios
held in our Life Insurance Companies. The fundamental investment strategy for
these product line portfolios is to maintain primarily a diversified, high
quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities and, to the extent practicable,
to approximately match established duration targets based on characteristics of
the underlying liabilities. All invested assets of the Life Insurance Companies
in excess of liabilities are allocated based on internal estimates of target
statutory capital for each product line.  

   Foreign Currency Impact   

Commercial Insurance,
International Life and Personal Insurance businesses are transacted in most
major foreign currencies. The following table presents the average of the
quarterly weighted average exchange rates of the currencies that have the most
significant impact on our businesses:    

*  For the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, foreign
currency rates are based on the fiscal quarterly weighted average rate for the
three-month period ended August 31, 2016.   

   Unless otherwise noted, references to the effects of foreign
exchange in the Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance discussion of
results of operations are with respect to movements in the three Major Currencies
included in the preceding table.   

108   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE    

COMMERCIAL
INSURANCE   

Commercial Insurance   
provides insurance solutions for large and small businesses. The products
offered by include general liability, commercial automobile liability, workers 
compensation, excess casualty, crisis management (including customized
structured programs for large corporate and multinational customers),
commercial, industrial and energy-related property insurance products and
services that cover exposures to man-made and natural disasters, including
business interruption, aerospace, environmental, political risk, trade credit,
surety, marine, various small and medium sized enterprises insurance lines,
director and officers  liability (D O), errors and omissions (E O),
fidelity, employment practices, fiduciary liability, cybersecurity risk, and
kidnap and ransom. These products are primarily distributed through a network
of independent retail and wholesale brokers, and through an independent agency
network.  

   See Part I, Item 1. Business in
AIG s 2015 Annual Report for further discussion of our products and geographic
regions where we distribute our products.   

   Commercial Insurance Results    

The following table presents Commercial Insurance
results:   

NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN    
     (in
  millions   )   

Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME   
     (in
  millions   )   

109   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE    

Commercial Insurance Quarterly Results   

   Pre tax operating income    increased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year due
to higher net investment income driven by higher returns on alternative
investments and an increase in the fair market value of assets accounted for
under the fair value option, partially offset by an increase in underwriting
loss compared to the same period in the prior year. These underwriting results
were primarily driven by:  

higher catastrophe losses compared to the same period in the prior year;  

higher net adverse prior year loss reserve development compared to the
same period in the prior year, primarily reflecting unfavorable loss reserve
development from U.S. program business within Specialty, partially offset by
favorable loss reserve development in Property;  

improvements in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, reflecting
continued execution of our strategic actions to retain more profitable
business;  

lower net loss reserve discount charge compared to the same period in
the prior year; and  

lower general operating expenses resulting from lower employee-related
expenses, our expense savings initiatives, as well as lower acquisition costs.   

  Catastrophe losses were $253 million in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $88 million in the same
period in the prior year. Net adverse prior year loss reserve development,
including return premiums, was $306 million and $186 million in the three-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See Insurance Reserves
  Non-Life Insurance Companies  Net Loss Development for further discussion.
The current accident year losses for the three-month period ended September 30,
2016 included seven severe losses totaling $95 million compared to six severe
losses totaling $209 million in the same period in the prior year. The net loss
reserve discount charge was $17 million in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared to $41 million in the same period in the prior
year, primarily reflecting a decrease in the reserve discount curve consisting
of the U.S. Treasury forward yield curve and a liquidity margin. See Insurance
Reserves   Non-Life Insurance Companies   Discounting of Reserves for further
discussion.   

   Acquisition expenses    decreased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to a decrease in net commission expense, particularly in Casualty
and Property, reflecting the effect of reinsurance arrangements, lower
production, as well as a reduction in costs of personnel engaged in sales
support activities.  

   General operating expenses    decreased        in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to lower employee-related expenses resulting from actions to
streamline our management structure and general cost containment measures commenced
in 2015 and continuing through September 30, 2016.  

   Net investment income    increased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to higher income on alternative investments as well as fair
market value increases of assets accounted for under the fair value option. In
the same period in the prior year, Commercial Insurance recorded losses related
to assets accounted for under the fair value option and hedge fund investments.  

  See MD A   Investments for additional information on the
Non-Life Insurance Companies invested assets, investment strategy, and
asset-liability management process.  

110   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE    

Commercial
Insurance Year-to-Date Results   

   Pre tax operating income    decreased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year
due to lower net investment income driven by lower returns on alternative
investments, as well as underwriting loss compared to underwriting income for
the same period in the prior year. These underwriting results were primarily
driven by:  

higher catastrophe losses compared to the same period in the prior year;  

a net loss reserve discount charge in the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016 compared to a net loss reserve discount benefit for the same
period in the prior year;  

lower net adverse prior year loss reserve development in the current
year which reflected approximately $100 million reserve charge attributable to
Florida court rulings in the second quarter of 2016 that have increased the
potential liability for workers  compensation claims in that state by reversing
certain aspects of regulations in place since 2003, as well as U.S. program
business within Specialty;  

improvements in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, from our
strategic actions to retain more profitable business; and   

lower general operating expenses resulting from lower employee-related expenses
and our expense savings initiatives, as well as lower acquisition costs.  

  Catastrophe losses were $828 million in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $368 million in the same
period in the prior year. Net adverse prior year loss reserve development,
including return premiums, was $354 million and $493 million in the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See Insurance Reserves
  Non-Life Insurance Companies   Net Loss Development for further discussion. The
current accident year losses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016
included 17 severe losses totaling $334 million compared to 22 severe losses
totaling $527 million in the same period in the prior year. The net loss
reserve discount charge was $182 million in the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared to a benefit of $136 million in the same period in
the prior year, primarily reflecting a decrease in the reserve discount curve
consisting of the U.S. Treasury forward yield curve and a liquidity margin. See
Insurance Reserves   Non-Life Insurance Companies   Discounting of Reserves for
further discussion.   

   Acquisition expenses    decreased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to a decrease in net commission expense, particularly in
Casualty, reflecting lower production, the effect of reinsurance arrangements,
as well as the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro and British
pound. These decreases were partially offset by higher guaranty fund and other
assessments primarily due to favorable guaranty fund and other assessment
settlements in the prior-year period.  

   General operating expenses    decreased        in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to lower employee-related expenses resulting from actions to
streamline our management structure and general cost containment measures commenced
in 2015 and continuing through 2016.  

   Net investment income    decreased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to lower income on alternative investments as well as fair market
value declines of assets accounted for under the fair value option. In the same
period in the prior year, Commercial Insurance recorded net investment income
related to assets accounted for under the fair value option, as well as gains
related to hedge funds.   

  See MD A   Investments for additional
information on the Non-Life Insurance Companies invested assets, investment
strategy, and asset-liability management process.  

111   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE    

Commercial Insurance Net Premiums
Written  

The
following table presents Commercial Insurance s net premiums written by major
line of business:    

Commercial INsurance NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN
  by Line of Business       
     (in millions)   

Commercial Insurance
Quarterly and Year-to-Date Net Premiums Written   

  Commercial Insurance net premiums written decreased in all
lines of business in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016, compared to the same periods in the prior year, in line with our planned
portfolio optimization. This decrease was primarily due to the continued
execution of our strategy to enhance risk selection in our Casualty and
Property product portfolios, the non-renewal of certain underperforming classes
of business, and the increased use of reinsurance and adherence to our
underwriting discipline in competitive market conditions. In the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, the effect of foreign exchange on net premiums
written was immaterial, as the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the
British pound was mostly offset by the weakening of the U.S. dollar against the
Japanese Yen. In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the decrease
in the net premiums written reflected the effect of foreign exchange, primarily
due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the British pound.
Additionally, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, net premiums
written benefited from the renewal of a multi-year E O policy in U.S.
Financial lines. The following paragraphs discuss the changes within our lines
of business exclusive of the effect of foreign exchange.   

112   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE    

Casualty    net premiums
written decreased, particularly in the U.S., in the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in the prior
year reflecting the continued execution of our strategy to enhance risk
selection and to optimize our product portfolio, which includes non-renewal of
certain underperforming classes of business, revising rates, terms and
conditions in certain underperforming portfolios, and the effect of the
two-year reinsurance arrangement with the Swiss Re Group.   

   Property    net premiums written decreased in the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods
in the prior year, primarily due to lower renewal retention and decreases in
new business across all regions reflecting rate pressure and the effort to
adhere to our underwriting discipline, partially offset by changes to our
catastrophe reinsurance programs to retain more favorable risks.  

   Specialty    net premiums written decreased in the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods
in the prior year, primarily due to the execution of our strategy to
restructure the U.S environmental business, which includes non-renewal of
certain pollution legal liability business in the U.S. and Canada, increased
use of reinsurance, and a decline in EMEA Aerospace. These declines were
partially offset by an increase in certain targeted growth products,
particularly in the U.S. and Asia.   

   Financial lines    net premiums written decreased in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the
prior year, primarily due to lower renewal retention and decreases in new
business, particularly in the U.S. and EMEA, reflecting rate pressure and
efforts to adhere to our underwriting discipline. For the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, net premiums written decreased, compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily due to lower renewal retention and
decreases in new business, particularly in the U.S., partially offset by an
increase in targeted growth products in EMEA. Additionally, in the first nine
months of 2015, net premiums written benefited from the renewal of a multi-year
E O policy in the U.S.   

   Commercial Insurance Net Premiums Written by Region   

The
following table presents Commercial Insurance s net premiums written by region:    

113   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE    

Commercial Insurance NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN
  by Region    
   
     (in millions)   

The following paragraphs discuss the changes in net premiums
written on a constant dollar basis, which exclude the effect of foreign
exchange.   

    The Americas      net premiums written decreased in the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in
the prior year, primarily due to the     continued execution of our
strategy to optimize our product portfolio in the Casualty and Environmental
businesses, increased use of reinsurance, and lower new and renewal business in
Property and Financial lines. These declines were partially offset by an
increase in certain targeted growth products in Specialty. Additionally, for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, net premiums written benefited
from the renewal of a multi-year E O policy in U.S. Financial lines.   

    Asia Pacific      net premiums written decreased     in the     three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016,     compared to the same
periods in the prior year,     primarily due to lower new and renewal
business, particularly     in Property, reflecting rate pressure and the effort to adhere to
our underwriting discipline, partially offset by an increase in certain
targeted growth products in Specialty.   

    EMEA      net premiums written decreased in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016,     compared to the same period in the prior year,     primarily
due to lower new and renewal business across all lines,          particularly
in Property, reflecting     rate pressure and the effort to adhere to our underwriting
discipline.      Net premiums written decreased in the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016,     compared to the same period in the prior year,     primarily
due to lower new and renewal business, particularly in Specialty and Property,
partially offset by an increase in certain targeted growth products in
Financial lines.   

114   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE    

Commercial Insurance Underwriting Ratios  

Our Commercial Insurance business experiences period-to-period
volatility, which may affect observable trends in key metrics, particularly
underwriting ratios, and makes it difficult to predict future results by
extrapolating movements in these metrics from quarter-to-quarter. Future
results should not be extrapolated based on quarter-to-quarter movements in
these metrics.   

    The
following tables present the Commercial Insurance combined ratios based on GAAP
data and reconciliation to the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted:    

Commercial Insurance ratios   
     Three Months Ended September
  30,   

Nine Months Ended September
  30,   

115   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE    

See Insurance Reserves   Non-Life Insurance Companies for
further discussion of discounting of reserves and prior year development.  

   The following tables present Commercial Insurance s
accident year catastrophe and severe losses by region and number of events:   

   Catastrophes  (a)    

116   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE    

(a) Natural catastrophe
losses are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in
excess of $10 million each. Catastrophes also include certain man-made
events, such as terrorism and civil disorders that meet the $10 million
threshold.   

    Severe Losses      (b)    

(b)  Severe losses are
defined as non-catastrophe individual first party losses and surety losses
greater than $10 million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and
subrogation.   

    Commercial Insurance Quarterly and Year-to-Date
Insurance Ratios    

   The combined ratio increased in the three- and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in the prior year,
primarily due to an increase in the loss ratio partially offset by a lower
expense ratio.    

   The accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, decreased in the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods
in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in the accident year loss ratio,
as adjusted, as well as a lower expense ratio.   

   The loss ratio increased in the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to     higher
catastrophe losses and net adverse prior year development, partially offset by
an improvement in     accident year losses and a lower     net loss reserve discount
charge.     The loss ratio increased in the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to     a net loss
reserve discount charge compared to net loss reserve discount benefit in the
same periods in the prior year and higher catastrophe losses. These increases
were partially offset by an improvement in     accident year losses, as well as
a lower     net adverse prior year loss reserve development.   

   The accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, decreased in the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods
in the prior year, reflecting the continued execution of our strategy to
enhance risk selection, improve underwriting discipline and manage exposures,
including the use of reinsurance, and overall lower severe losses. In the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016, the accident year loss ratio, as
adjusted, improved in Casualty and Property, primarily due to the non-renewal
of certain underperforming classes of business, the effect of reinsurance as
well as lower severe losses. These decreases were partially offset by higher
current accident year losses     in Specialty and Financial       

117   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
COMMERCIAL INSURANCE    

lines.     The accident year loss ratio, as adjusted,
decreased in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the
same periods in the prior year, reflecting an improvement in Casualty,
primarily due to the non-renewal of certain underperforming classes of
business, as well as the effect of reinsurance.  Financial lines improved
across all regions due to our pricing discipline, and Specialty benefited from
lower severe and attritional losses. These decreases were partially offset by
higher attritional     losses in Property. Severe losses represented approximately 2.1
points and 2.4 points of the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in the     three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016    , respectively, compared to 4.1
points and 3.5 points, respectively, in the same periods in the prior year    .   

   The acquisition ratio decreased by 1.0 points and 0.2 points in
both the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
same periods in the prior year, primarily due to     lower net commission
expenses, particularly in U.S. Casualty, reflecting the effect of reinsurance
arrangements, as well as a reduction in costs of personnel engaged in sales
support activities. Additionally, for     the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2015,     the acquisition ratio benefitted from favorable guaranty fund and
other assessments settlements.   

   The general operating expense ratio decreased by 0.9 points in both
the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the
same periods in the prior year, primarily due to lower employee-related costs
resulting from ongoing actions     to streamline our management structure and
general cost containment measures     commenced in 2015 and continuing
through September 30, 2016.   

CONSUMER INSURANCE       

Consumer Insurance presents its operating results in three
operating segments   Retirement, Life and Personal Insurance.   

   Retirement    provides a broad portfolio of retirement products
and services to individual consumers   .    The primary products offered by
the Retirement operating segment include individual fixed and variable
annuities, group retirement plans, retail mutual funds and financial planning
services.   Retirement products are distributed through
affiliated channels, including The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company
(VALIC) career financial advisors, and through non-affiliated channels, which
include banks, wirehouses, regional and independent broker-dealers, independent
marketing organizations and independent insurance agents.  

   Life    products offered in the U.S. primarily include
term life and universal life insurance. International products include term and
whole life insurance, supplemental health, cancer and critical illness
insurance.   Life products are primarily distributed through
independent marketing organizations, independent insurance agents, financial
advisors and direct marketing. In October 2016, we announced a strategic
decision to refocus our group benefits business, which included the decision to
cease quoting new business in Life s U.S. employer and voluntary group benefits
lines and seek strategic alternatives for group products distributed through
sponsored organizations. This change was made to maintain Life s strategic
focus on U.S. and international individual businesses.  

   Personal Insurance    provides accident and health and personal lines insurance
products and services to   individuals, organizations and families. The   products and services offered by the Personal Insurance
operating segment include voluntary and
sponsor-paid personal accident and supplemental health products for
individuals, employees, associations and other organizations as well as a broad
range of travel insurance products and services for leisure and business
travelers. Personal Lines products include automobile and homeowners insurance,
  extended warranty, and consumer specialty products, such as identity
theft and credit card protection. Personal Insurance also provides insurance
for high net worth individuals offered through AIG Private Client Group,
including auto, homeowners, umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections
insurance.   Personal Insurance products and services
are distributed through various channels, including agents, brokers, affinity
partners, airlines and travel agents, as well as direct marketing.  

  See Part I, Item 1. Business in
AIG s 2015 Annual Report for further discussion of our products and geographic
regions where we distribute our products.  

118   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Consumer Insurance Results   

The following table presents Consumer Insurance
results:   

*        Includes general operating
expenses, non-deferrable commissions, other acquisition expenses, advisory fee
expenses and other expenses.         

  Consumer Insurance Results by
Operating Segment  

The following section provides a comparative discussion of
Consumer Insurance Results of Operations for the three- and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 by operating segment.  

  Retirement Results  

The following table presents Retirement results:   

119   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

RETIREMENT pre-tax OPERATING INCOME     (    in millions)   

Retirement Quarterly Results    

    Pre-tax operating income      in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 increased compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to a higher net positive adjustment from the review and update of
actuarial assumptions, higher net investment income, the impact of better equity
market performance on policyholder benefit expense and DAC amortization, and
higher policy fees from growth in assets under management. Excluding the impact
of the actuarial assumption updates and the equity market performance in each
period, DAC amortization was higher in the three-month period ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year, due to a higher rate of
amortization in Fixed Annuities as a result of assumption updates in the prior-year
period, and higher amortization related to growth in Retirement Income
Solutions. The sale of AIG Advisor Group in May 2016 resulted in decreases in
advisory fee income, advisory fee expense and general operating expenses in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year, but did not result in a significant variance in pre-tax operating income.   

   In Fixed Annuities, the update of estimated gross profit
assumptions resulted in a net positive adjustment of $330 million in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016, which reflected lower surrender
assumptions, primarily due to lower long-term interest rates, as well as
updates to investment yield and crediting rate assumptions compared to those
previously modeled. In the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, the
update of estimated gross profit assumptions in Fixed Annuities resulted in a
net positive adjustment of $92 million, which reflected refinements to
investment spread assumptions, lower terminations than previously assumed and
decreases to expense assumptions.   

   In Retirement Income Solutions, the update of estimated gross
profit assumptions resulted in a net positive adjustment of $39 million in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to updated
assumptions for long-term volatility, surrenders, mortality and policy
expenses, partially offset by a decrease in the separate account long-term
asset growth rate assumption. The net positive adjustment for the assumption
update in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 included a net
negative adjustment of approximately $24 million related to the conversion to a
more robust modeling platform for variable annuities, primarily due to
refinements to assumptions for guaranteed minimum interest rates and investment
fees, partially offset by the impact of other refinements identified during the
conversion. In the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, there were
offsetting updates to assumed investment fees, modeled expenses, and
terminations, resulting in no net adjustment to pre-tax operating income in
Retirement Income Solutions.   

   In Group Retirement, the update of estimated gross profit
assumptions resulted in a net negative adjustment of $47 million in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to refinements in surrender
and partial withdrawal       

120   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

assumptions and a decrease in the
separate account long-term asset growth rate assumption. In the three-month
period ended September 30, 2015, a net positive adjustment from the update of
estimated gross profit assumptions of $48 million in Group Retirement was
primarily due to revisions to mortality and surrender assumptions, partially
offset by decreased spread assumptions.   

   See Insurance Reserves - Life Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves
  Update of Actuarial Assumptions for adjustments by product line and financial
statement line item, and see Insurance Reserves   Life Insurance Companies DAC
and Reserves   Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and Hedging Program
for a discussion of adjustments related to the update of assumptions for the
valuation of variable annuity guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit (GMWB)
features, which are excluded from pre-tax operating income.   

    Net investment income           for the three-month period
ended September 30, 2016 increased compared to the same period in the prior
year, primarily due to income on alternative investments, which was positive in
the current period compared to losses in the same period in the prior year,
reflecting better performance from alternative investments in hedge funds. Base
net investment income was higher in the three-month period ended September 30,
2016, due to growth in average invested assets from positive net flows and
higher accretion income and commercial mortgage loan prepayment income,
partially offset by lower reinvestment yields compared to the same period in
the prior year. Yield enhancements were higher primarily due to gains on
securities for which the fair value option was elected.   

   Base net investment income for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 increased compared to the same period in the prior year
primarily due to higher accretion income and commercial mortgage loan
prepayment income, while Retirement fixed maturity portfolio yields in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 declined compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily as a result of investment purchases and
investment of portfolio cash flows, which continued to be at rates below the
weighted average yield of the existing portfolio in the sustained low interest
rate environment. The decrease in yields was partially offset by growth in
average invested assets due to positive net flows in the past twelve months, reinvestment
of proceeds from hedge fund divestiture activity, and an increase in assets to
support higher variable annuity statutory reserves. See Investments   Life
Insurance Companies for additional information on the investment strategy,
asset-liability management process and invested assets of our Life Insurance
Companies, which include the invested assets of the Retirement business.   

   In Fixed Annuities, average crediting rates in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 were lower compared to the same period in the
prior year, and base spreads decreased slightly due to lower base yields. In
Group Retirement, lower base yields resulted in base spread compression in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year, as lower base net investment income due to lower yields was only
partially offset by lower average interest crediting rates. See Spread
Management below for additional discussion.   

    General operating expenses           decreased in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year, due to decreases in employee-related expenses, as well as the sale
of AIG Advisor Group in May 2016. General operating expenses in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 also included interest expense related to real
estate of consolidated partnerships, which was more than offset by related
investment income.   

    Retirement Year-to-Date Results    

    Pre-tax operating income           in the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 increased compared to the same period in the prior
year, primarily due to a higher net positive adjustment from the review and
update of actuarial assumptions, higher net investment income, the impact of better
equity market performance on policyholder benefit expense and DAC amortization,
and lower general operating expenses, partially offset by lower net investment
income on alternative investments. Excluding the impact of the actuarial assumption
updates and the equity market performance in each period, DAC amortization was
higher in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
period in the prior year, due to a higher rate of amortization in Fixed
Annuities as a result of assumption updates in the prior-year period, and
higher amortization related to growth in Retirement Income Solutions. The sale
of AIG Advisor Group in May 2016 resulted in decreases in advisory fee income,
advisory fee expense and general operating expenses in the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year, but did
not result in a significant variance in pre-tax operating income.   

121   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Net investment income           for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 decreased compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily due to lower income on alternative
investments, which included losses in the first three months of 2016, compared
to a strong performance in alternative investments in the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease in alternative investment income in the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by higher yield
enhancement income, which included higher bond call and tender income and gains
on securities for which the fair value option was elected, and higher base net
investment income, compared to the same period in the prior year.   

   Base net investment income for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016 increased compared to the same period in the prior year, as
a result of commercial mortgage loan prepayment income in the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, partially offset by overall continued lower base
yields on investment purchases. Retirement fixed maturity portfolio yields in
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 declined compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily as a result of investment purchases and
reinvestment of portfolio cash flows, which continued to be at rates below the
weighted average yield of the existing portfolio in the sustained low interest
rate environment. The decrease in yields was partially offset (more than offset
in Retirement Income Solutions) by growth in average invested assets compared
to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to positive net flows in
the past twelve months. See Investments   Life Insurance Companies for
additional information on the investment strategy, asset-liability management
process and invested assets of our Life Insurance Companies, which include the
invested assets of the Retirement business.   

   In Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement, base spreads decreased in
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in
the prior year, due to lower yields on reinvestment of portfolio cash flows and
higher accretion income in the same period in the prior year, partially offset
by lower average interest crediting rates. See Spread Management below for
additional discussion.   

    General operating expenses           decreased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
due to decreases in employee-related expenses, as well as the sale of AIG
Advisor Group in May 2016. General operating expenses in the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 also included interest expense related to real estate
of consolidated partnerships, which was more than offset by related investment
income.   

   Spread Management   

   The contractual provisions for renewal of crediting rates and
guaranteed minimum crediting rates included in products may reduce spreads in a
sustained low interest rate environment and thus reduce future profitability.     Although
this interest rate risk is partially mitigated through the Life Insurance
Companies  asset liability management process, product design elements
and crediting rate strategies, a sustained low interest rate environment may
negatively affect future profitability.   

   Disciplined pricing on new business and active crediting rate management
are used in the Retirement operating segment to partially offset the impact of
a continued decline in base yields resulting from investment of available cash
flows in the low interest rate environment.   

    Disciplined pricing on new business      is used
to pursue new sales of annuity products at targeted net investment spreads in
the current rate environment. Retirement has an active product management
process to ensure that new business offerings appropriately reflect the current
interest rate environment. To the extent that Retirement cannot achieve
targeted net investment spreads on new business, products are re-priced or no
longer sold. Additionally, where appropriate, existing products that had higher
minimum rate guarantees have been re-filed with lower crediting rates as
permitted under state insurance laws for new sales. As a result, new sales of
fixed annuity products generally have minimum interest rate guarantees of one
percent.   

    Renewal crediting rate management      is done
under contractual provisions in annuity products that were designed to allow
crediting rates to be reset at pre-established intervals in accordance with
state and federal laws and subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees.
Retirement will continue to adjust crediting rates on in-force business to
mitigate the pressure on spreads from declining base yields. In addition to
deferred annuity products, certain traditional long-duration products for which
Retirement does not have the ability to adjust interest rates, such as payout
annuities, are exposed to reduced earnings and potential loss recognition
reserve increases in a sustained low interest rate environment.   

122   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

As of September 30, 2016, Retirement s fixed
annuity reserves, which include fixed options offered within variable annuities
sold in the Group Retirement and Retirement Income Solutions product lines as
well as reserves of the Fixed Annuities product line, had minimum guaranteed
interest rates ranging from 1.0 percent to 5.5 percent, with the higher rates
representing guarantees on older in-force products. As indicated in the table
below, approximately 73 percent of annuity account values were at their minimum
crediting rates at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. As a result
of disciplined pricing on new business and the run-off of older business with
higher minimum crediting rates, fixed annuity account values having contractual
minimum guaranteed rates above 1 percent decreased from 74 percent of total
fixed annuity reserves at December 31, 2015 to 71 percent at September 30, 2016    .   

    The following
table presents fixed annuity account values by contractual minimum guaranteed
interest rate and current crediting rates:    

*    Fixed annuities shown
include fixed options within variable annuities sold in Group Retirement and
Retirement Income Solutions product lines.   

  Retirement Premiums and Deposits, Surrenders
and Net Flows  

Premiums    

   For Retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts
received on life-contingent payout annuities. Premiums and deposits is a non GAAP
financial measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums,
deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds   .    

    The following table presents a reconciliation of Retirement
premiums and deposits to GAAP premiums:    

* Excludes activity
related to closed blocks of fixed and variable annuities.   

    Premiums           increased
in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
same periods in the prior year, primarily due to higher sales of immediate
annuities in the Fixed Annuities product line.   

123   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Premiums and Deposits and
Net Flows   

    The
following table presents Retirement premiums and deposits and net flows by
product line:    

*    Excludes activity
related to closed blocks of fixed and variable annuities, which had reserves of
approximately $4.3 billion and $5.0 billion at September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.   

RETIREMENT PREMIUMS AND DEPOSITS by
  Product Line     (in millions)   

124   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Premiums
and deposits    for Retirement decreased in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily
due to lower sales in Retirement Income Solutions and Fixed Annuities,
partially offset by higher sales in Retail Mutual Funds. Premiums and deposits
increased in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the
same period in the prior year, primarily due to higher sales in Fixed
Annuities, Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement, partially offset by lower
sales in Retirement Income Solutions.  

   Net flows    for annuity products included in Fixed
Annuities, Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement represent premiums
and deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. Net flows
from mutual funds, which are included in both Retail Mutual Funds and Group
Retirement, represent deposits less withdrawals.  

  Total net flows for Retirement in the three-month period
ended September 30, 2016 decreased compared to the same period in the prior
year primarily due to lower sales in Retirement Income Solutions and Fixed
Annuities, partially offset by higher sales in Retail Mutual Funds and lower
surrenders in Group Retirement. Higher sales of Fixed Annuities, higher sales
and lower surrenders in Group Retirement, and higher sales of Retail Mutual
Funds, partially offset by lower sales in Retirement Income Solutions were the
primary drivers of the improvement in net flows in the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year.  

  Premiums and Deposits and Net Flows by Product Line  

  A discussion of the significant variances in premiums and
deposits and net flows for each product line follows:  

   Fixed Annuities    deposits decreased, in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year, primarily due to continued focus on disciplined pricing in a
challenging interest rate environment. Deposits increased, in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to higher sales in the bank and broker-dealer distribution
channels. Net flows were negative in both the three- and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016, but improved for the nine-month period compared to
the same period in the prior year due to higher sales.  

   Retirement Income Solutions    net flows were positive
in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, but were
significantly lower compared to the same periods in the prior year, due to a
decrease in premiums and deposits, compared to the same periods in the prior
year, which was primarily due to lower sales of variable annuities. Surrenders
were comparable in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 and lower in
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods in
the prior year, and the improvement in surrender rates (see Surrender Rates
below) also reflected the significant growth in account value driven by
positive net flows over the past twelve months, which has increased the
proportion of business that is within the surrender charge period.  

   Retail Mutual Funds    net flows increased in the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in
the prior year due to improvement in the level of deposits, which was partially
offset by higher surrenders, both driven by activity within the Focused
Dividend Strategy Fund.  

   Group Retirement    net flows in the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 improved significantly compared to
the same periods in the prior year. In the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, the improvement in net flows was primarily driven by lower surrender
activity compared to the same period in the prior year. In the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, the improvement in net flows was due to both
higher deposits and lower surrender activity compared to the same period in the
prior year, which included large group surrenders of approximately $1.1
billion. The large group market has been impacted by the consolidation of
healthcare providers and other employers in our target markets, and additional
group surrenders are expected in the remainder of 2016.  

125   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Surrender Rates   

    The
following table presents reserves for annuity product lines by surrender       c      harge category:    

(a) Excludes mutual fund
assets under management of $16.2 billion and $14.5 billion at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   

   (b) Group Retirement
Products in this category include reserves of approximately $6.2 billion at
both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, that are subject to 20 percent
annual withdrawal limitations.   

    The
following table presents annualized surrender rates for deferred annuities by
product line:    

Life Results  

The following table presents Life results:   

126   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Life pre-tax OPERATING INCOME (loss)     (    in millions)   

Life
Quarterly Results   

   Pre-tax operating income    increased in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in the prior year, primarily due to a lower net negative
adjustment from the review and update of actuarial assumptions, higher net
investment income on alternative investments and yield enhancements and lower
domestic general operating expenses.  

  In Life, the update of
actuarial assumptions resulted in a net negative adjustment of $84 million,
which decreased pre-tax operating income in the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, primarily due to refinement to reserves for universal life insurance
with secondary guarantees due to lower assumed surrender rates. The update to Life
assumptions in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 also included
lower yield and interest credited assumptions.  

  In the three-month period
ended September 30, 2015, the net negative adjustment of $157 million related
to the update of actuarial assumptions, which reduced pre-tax operating income
of the Life operating segment, was primarily due to lower assumed surrender
rates for certain later-duration universal life with secondary guarantees and
more favorable than expected mortality experience. The net negative adjustment
also reflected lower investment spread assumptions and loss recognition expense
of $39 million for certain discontinued long-term care products primarily due
to lower future premium assumptions. These negative adjustments were partially
offset by a decrease in certain group benefit claim reserves based on updated experience
data.  

   Net investment income    increased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to higher income on alternative investments and higher yield
enhancement income, which included bond call and tender income and gains on
securities for which the fair value option was elected. See Investments   Life
Insurance Companies for additional discussion of the investment strategy,
asset-liability management process and invested assets of our Life Insurance
Companies, which include the invested assets of the Life business.  

   General operating expenses    decreased in the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year. A decrease in domestic employee-related expenses in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year
was partially offset by higher expenses in Japan and interest expense related
to real estate of consolidated partnerships; the latter was more than offset by
related investment income. Expenses in Japan increased primarily due to the
growth of in-force insurance, higher overhead expenses and the impact of
foreign exchange from strengthening of the Japanese yen against the U.S.
dollar.  

127   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Life Year-to-Date Results   

   Pre-tax operating income    increased in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in the prior year, due to a lower net negative adjustment from
the review and update of actuarial assumptions, more favorable mortality
experience, lower domestic employee-related expenses, higher yield enhancement
income and an IBNR reserve release, partially offset by lower net investment
income on alternative investments. Pre-tax operating income in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 benefited from a $25 million reduction in the
reserve for IBNR death claims related to enhanced claims practices, which was
recorded in the three-month period ended March 31, 2016. Excluding the impact
of the assumption updates, DAC amortization increased, which was largely offset
by higher amortization of unearned revenue reserves reported in policy fees,
and by reserve releases associated with increased lapses of term and
traditional life products.  

   Net investment income    decreased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to lower income on alternative investments, partially offset by
higher yield enhancement income, which included bond call and tender income.
See Investments   Life Insurance Companies for additional discussion of the
investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested assets of
our Life Insurance Companies, which include the invested assets of the Life
business.  

   General operating expenses    increased in the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year, primarily due to an increase in international expenses in Japan and
from Laya Healthcare, which was acquired on March 31, 2015, as well as interest
expense related to real estate of consolidated partnerships; the latter was
more than offset by related investment income. Expenses in Japan increased primarily
due to the growth of in-force insurance, higher overhead expenses and the
impact of foreign exchange from strengthening of the Japanese yen against the
U.S. dollar. The increases were partially offset by a decrease in domestic
operating expenses in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the same period in the prior year, principally driven by lower
employee-related expenses.  

   Spread Management   

Disciplined pricing on new business    is used to pursue
new sales of life products at targeted net investment spreads in the current
interest rate environment. Life has an active product management process to
ensure that new business offerings appropriately reflect the current interest
rate environment. To the extent that Life cannot achieve targeted net
investment spreads on new business, products are re-priced or no longer sold.
Additionally, where appropriate, existing products with higher minimum rate
guarantees have been re-filed with lower crediting rates, as permitted under
state insurance laws for new sales. Universal life insurance interest rate
guarantees are generally two to three percent on new non-indexed products and
zero to two percent on new indexed products, and are designed to meet targeted
net investment spreads.  

   In-force Management   . Crediting rates for in-force
policies are adjusted in accordance with contractual provisions that were
designed to allow crediting rates to be reset subject to minimum crediting rate
guarantees.  

128   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

The following table presents
universal life account values by contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate
and current crediting rates:   

Life Premiums and Deposits  

Premiums for Life represent amounts received on traditional
life insurance policies and group benefit policies. Premiums and deposits for
Life is a non GAAP financial measure that includes direct and assumed
premiums as well as deposits received on universal life insurance.  

   The following table presents a reconciliation of Life
premiums and deposits to GAAP premiums:   

Life premiums grew 14 percent and 6 percent, excluding the effect
of foreign exchange, in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year, principally
driven by growth in international life and health sales. The growth in premiums
resulted in growth in premiums and deposits of 10 percent and 6 percent,
excluding the effect of foreign exchange, in the three- and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the
prior year.   

129   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Personal
Insurance Results  

The following table presents Personal Insurance
results:   

NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN   
     (in millions   )   

Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME   
     (in millions   )   

Personal Insurance Quarterly
Results   

   Pre tax operating income    increased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year
due to improved underwriting results. The underwriting results reflected
strategic actions to reduce expenses and refocus direct marketing activities,
partially offset by higher accident year losses in the current quarter. Net favorable
prior year loss reserve development was $34 million in the three-month period
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $46 million in the same period in the
prior year. Catastrophe losses were $26 million in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared to $58 million in the same period in the prior
year.   

   Acquisition expenses    decreased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year
due to a decrease in non-deferred direct marketing expenses. The non-deferred
direct marketing expenses,      

130   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

excluding commissions, for
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, were approximately $34 million,
and decreased by approximately $36 million from the same period in the prior
year.  

   General operating expenses    decreased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily    due to lower employee-related    expenses
arising from organizational realignment activities together with lower
strategic investment expenditures.  

   Net investment income    increased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year
due to higher income on interest and alternative investment returns.  

  See MD A   Investments for additional information
on the Non-Life Insurance Companies invested assets, investment strategy, and
asset-liability management process.  

   Personal Insurance Year-to-Date Results   

   Pre tax operating income    increased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year
due to improved underwriting results, partially offset by a slight decrease in
net investment income. The improvement in the underwriting results primarily
reflected strategic actions to reduce expenses and refocus direct marketing
activities partially offset by higher accident year losses. Net favorable prior
year loss reserve development was $121 million in the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared to $59 million in the same period in the prior
year. Catastrophe losses were $114 million in the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared to $135 million in the same period in the prior
year.   

   Acquisition expenses    decreased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year
due to a decrease in non-deferred direct marketing expenses. The non-deferred
direct marketing expenses, excluding commissions, for the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, were approximately $114 million, and decreased by
approximately $105 million from the same period in the prior year.  

   General operating expenses    decreased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily    due to lower employee-related    expenses
arising from organizational realignment activities together with lower
strategic investment expenditures.  

   Net investment income    decreased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year
due to lower income on alternative investments, partially offset by higher
interest income.  

  See
MD A   Investments for additional information on the Non-Life Insurance
Companies invested assets, investment strategy, and asset-liability management
process.  

  Personal Insurance Net Premiums Written  

The following table presents Personal Insurance net
premiums written by major line of business:   

131   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Personal
  Insurance net premiums written by line of business   
     (in millions)   

Personal Insurance Quarterly
and Year-to-Date Net Premiums Written   

  Personal Insurance net premiums written decreased in the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same periods
in the prior year both on a reported basis and after excluding the effect of
foreign exchange.  

   The following paragraphs discuss the changes in net
premiums written on a constant dollar basis, which excludes the effect of
foreign exchange.  

   Accident and Health    net premiums written decreased in
the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the
same periods in the prior year, primarily due to continued underwriting actions
across our businesses to strengthen our portfolio and maintain pricing
discipline, together with lower sales as a result of refocusing our direct
marketing activities.   

   Personal Lines    net premiums written decreased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year
reflecting decreases in the automobile and personal property business in Japan,
partially offset by an increase in personal property business in the U.S. The
decrease in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
period in the prior year was primarily due to decreases in the automobile and
personal property business in Japan, including the impact of a duration
restriction on long-term fire insurance put in place in the fourth quarter of
2015, and in warranty service programs in the U.S. This was partially offset by
an increase in the U.S. due to new business sales in the AIG Private Client Group
including changes to optimize our reinsurance structure to retain more
favorable risks, while continuing to manage aggregate exposure.    

132   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Personal Insurance Net Premiums
Written by Region   

The following table presents
Personal Insurance net premiums written by region:   

Personal insurance NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN by
  Region    
   
     (in millions)   

The following paragraphs discuss the changes in net premiums
written on a constant dollar basis, which excludes the effect of foreign
exchange.  

   The Americas    net premiums written decreased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to a decrease in Accident and Health and warranty service
programs, partially offset by growth in personal property and automobile
businesses.  Net premiums written in the nine-month period ended September 30,
2016 increased reflecting growth in personal property and automobile businesses
and the reinsurance optimization discussed above partially offset by a decrease
in Accident and Health business.  

   Asia Pacific    net premiums written decreased in the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same
periods in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in Accident and Health
business and decreased production in personal property reflecting the long-term
fire insurance duration restriction in Japan discussed above.  

   EMEA    net premiums written decreased in the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in the
prior year, primarily due to a decrease in Accident and Health business, partially
offset by an increase in warranty service programs.  

133   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Personal Insurance Underwriting Ratios  

The following tables present the Personal Insurance
combined ratios based on GAAP data and reconciliation to the accident year
combined ratio, as adjusted:   

Personal Insurance       ratios    
     Three Months Ended September 30,   

Nine Months Ended September 30,   

134   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

The following tables present Personal Insurance
accident year catastrophe and severe losses by region and the number of events:   

   Catastrophes  (a)    

(a) Natural catastrophe
losses are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in
excess of $10 million each. Catastrophes also include certain man-made
events, such as terrorism and civil disorders that meet the $10 million
threshold.    

135   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CONSUMER INSURANCE    

Severe Losses       (b)     

(b) Severe losses are
defined as non-catastrophe individual first party losses and surety losses
greater than $10 million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and
subrogation.   

    Personal Insurance Quarterly
and Year-to-Date Insurance Ratios    

   The combined ratio decreased by 3.3 points and 5.7 points in the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to the same periods in the prior year, principally driven by an improvement in
the expense ratio. The accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, decreased by
2.7 points and 4.7 points in the three- and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year
principally driven by improvement in the expense ratio.   

   The loss ratio increased by 2.9 points in the three-month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year. The
increase reflected higher accident year losses and lower net favorable prior year
loss reserve development partially offset by lower catastrophe losses. The
decrease in the loss ratio of 0.2 points in the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year, was
primarily due to higher net favorable prior year loss reserve development and
lower catastrophe losses, more than offsetting higher accident year losses.   

   The accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 3.5 points
in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period
in the prior year, primarily due to a higher number of large but not severe
losses, particularly in the U.S. business.  The accident year loss ratio, as
adjusted, increased by 0.8 points in the nine-month period ended September 30,
2016, compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to higher
accident year losses in the Accident and Health business.    

   The acquisition ratio decreased by 2.2 points and 1.9 points in
the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to the same periods in the prior year, which reflected lower Accident and
Health direct marketing expenses as we refocused our activities.   

   The general operating expense ratio decreased by     4.0 points
and 3.6 points in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily due to lower
employee-related expenses arising from organization realignment activities
together with lower strategic investment expenditures.   

136   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CORPORATE AND OTHER    

CORPORATE AND OTHER   

Corporate
and Other Results   

The following table presents AIG s Corporate and Other
results:   

(a) Represents our share
of AerCap s pre-tax operating income, which excludes certain post-acquisition
transaction expenses incurred by AerCap in connection with its acquisition of
ILFC and the difference between expensing AerCap s maintenance rights assets
over the remaining lease term as compared to the remaining economic life of the
related aircraft.   

   (b)     During the first quarter
of 2015, Non-Life Insurance Companies sold a portion of their PICC Investment
to AIG Parent.    

   (c)      Consists of the results of
investments held by AIG Parent to support various corporate needs as well as
the remaining positions of AIGFP, life settlements, real estate, equipment
leasing and lending and other secured lending investments held by AIG Parent
and certain subsidiaries.   

    Corporate and
Other Quarterly Results    

   Corporate and Other reported a higher
pre-tax operating loss in the    three-month period ended September 30, 2016,    compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily
due to     a pre-tax
operating loss in Institutional Markets, partially offset by     fair value gains on our PICC Investment compared to fair
value losses in the same period in the prior year, and an increase in Income
from other assets, net.     The pre-tax operating loss in Institutional Markets was primarily
due to loss recognition expense on certain payout annuities from the update of
actuarial assumptions. Income from other assets, net, increased primarily due
to higher fair value gains on ABS CDOs and credit valuation adjustments on
assets for which the fair value option was elected.     In addition, the three-month period ended September 30,
2015 included a pension curtailment credit reflected in Corporate general
operating expenses.    

   Run-off
insurance lines reported underwriting income in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 compared to underwriting loss in the same period in the
prior year, primarily driven by lower net adverse prior year loss reserve
development as well as a decrease in net loss reserve discount charge related
to excess workers  compensation business largely driven by interest rate
movements, partially offset by a reserve increase in life insurance run-off
lines.   

    Corporate and
Other Year-to-Date Results    

   Corporate and Other reported a
pre-tax operating loss in the    nine-month period ended September 30, 2016   , compared to pre-tax operating income in the same period
in the prior year, primarily due to     a pre-tax operating loss in Institutional Markets and     a decline in Income from other assets, net.     The pre-tax operating loss in
Institutional Markets was primarily due to loss recognition expense on certain
payout annuities from the update of actuarial assumptions.     Income from other assets, net decreased primarily due to
fair value losses on ABS CDOs compared to fair value gains in the same period
in the prior year and lower credit valuation adjustments on assets for which
the fair value option was elected and gains recognized in the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2015 upon the unwinding of certain positions. The pre-tax
operating results also reflected fair value losses on our PICC Investment
compared to fair value gains in the same period in the prior year. In addition,
the       

137   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CORPORATE AND OTHER    

nine-month period ended September 30, 2015
included our share of AerCap s pre-tax income, which was accounted for under
the equity method through the date of sale of most of our shares in the second
quarter of 2015 and a pension curtailment credit. These declines were partially
offset by    lower interest expense from ongoing liability management
activities described in Liquidity and Capital Resources.  

  Run-off insurance lines reported a pre-tax operating loss
in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to pre-tax operating
income in the same period in the prior year primarily due to higher
underwriting losses during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in
the allocation of net investment income. The decrease in underwriting results
primarily reflected:  

excess workers  compensation net loss reserve discount charges in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to a benefit in the same period in the
prior year, reflecting a decrease in the reserve discount curve consisting of
Treasury rates partially offset by an increase in credit spreads. See Insurance
Reserves   Non-Life Insurance Companies   Discounting of Reserves for further
discussion;  

higher accident year losses, primarily reflecting the transfers of
certain casualty lines, including environmental liability, excess casualty and
healthcare coverage that ceased to be offered by Commercial Insurance; and  

lower net adverse prior year loss reserve development.  

  In addition, in the nine-month period ended September 30,
2016, the underwriting loss included an $86 million out of period charge that was
recorded in the three-month period ended June 30, 2016. The out of period    charge, which reduced net
earned premium, was related to the substantiation of an opening balance brought
forward from an earlier ledger conversion initiative prior to 2011. The
inclusion of this adjustment in Corporate and Other is consistent with how our
results of operations are reported to our chief operating decision makers   .  

  Institutional
Markets Results  

The following table presents Institutional Markets
results:   

138   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CORPORATE AND OTHER    

INSTITUTIONAL MARKETS pre-tax
  OPERATING INCOME (Loss)     (    in millions)   

Institutional Markets Quarterly Results    

   Pre-tax operating income    decreased
to a loss in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to income
in the same period in the prior year, primarily due to loss recognition expense
on certain payout annuities from the update of actuarial assumptions, partially
offset by higher net investment income on alternative investments and yield
enhancements. Excluding the impact of the loss recognition expense, variances
in premiums and benefits and expenses were primarily due to premiums received
and future policy benefit reserves established from the sale of terminal
funding annuities and structured settlements. The decrease in premiums,
compared to the same period in the prior year, was due to lower premiums from structured
settlements.  

  The update of actuarial
assumptions resulted in $622 million of loss recognition expense on structured
settlement and terminal funding payout annuities, which drove the pre-tax
operating loss in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. The loss
recognition reflected the establishment of additional reserves primarily as a result
of mortality experience studies, which indicated increased longevity,
particularly on disabled lives on a block of structured settlements underwritten
pre-2010. This legacy block accounted for over 80% of the charge recognized in
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. These contracts are expected
to become part of the Legacy Portfolio when our new operating structure is
finalized. Compared to the legacy structured settlement contracts, our more
recently issued contracts contain a lower proportion of substandard business
and those lives are less severely impaired, on average. There was no impact on
pre-tax operating income of Institutional Markets from the update of actuarial
assumptions in the three-month period ended September 30, 2015.  

   Net investment income    in
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 increased compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily due to higher income on alternative
investments and higher yield enhancement income, which included bond call and
tender income and gains on securities for which the fair value option was
elected. Certain traditional long-duration products for which Institutional
Markets does not have the ability to adjust interest rates, such as
life-contingent structured settlements, are exposed to reduced earnings and
potential additional loss recognition reserve increases in a sustained low
interest rate environment. See MD A   Investments   Life Insurance
Companies for additional information on the investment strategy,
asset-liability management process and invested assets of our Life Insurance
Companies, which include the invested assets of Institutional Markets.  

   General operating expenses    in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 were
comparable to the same period in the prior year.  

139   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CORPORATE AND OTHER    

Institutional Markets Year-to-Date Results   

   Pre-tax operating income    decreased
to a loss in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to income
in the same period in the prior year, primarily due to loss recognition expense
on certain payout annuities from the update of actuarial assumptions, as well
as lower net investment income on alternative investments. The decrease in
premiums was primarily due to a large terminal funding annuity issued in the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2015.  

   Net investment income    in
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 decreased compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily due to lower income on alternative
investments, partially offset by higher base net investment income primarily due
to growth in average invested assets, and higher yield enhancement income,
which included bond call and tender income and gains on securities for which
the fair value option was elected.  

  Base net investment income for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 increased compared to the same
period in the prior year, due to commercial mortgage loan prepayment income in
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and growth in average base
invested assets. See MD A   Investments   Life Insurance Companies for
additional information on the investment strategy, asset-liability management
process and invested assets of our Life Insurance Companies, which include the
invested assets of Institutional Markets.  

   General operating expenses    in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 increased
slightly compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to higher
interest expense related to consolidated real estate partnerships (which was
more than offset by related investment income).  

  Institutional
Markets Premiums and Deposits  

For Institutional Markets, premiums represent amounts
received on traditional life insurance policies and life-contingent payout annuities
or structured settlements. Premiums and deposits is a non GAAP financial
measure that includes direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received
on universal life insurance and investment-type annuity contracts, including
GICs and stable value wrap funding agreements.  

   The
following table presents a reconciliation of Institutional Markets premiums and
deposits to GAAP premiums:   

Premiums for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016
decreased due to lower structured settlement premiums. Premiums for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 decreased compared to the same
periods in the prior year, primarily due to a large single premium for a
terminal funding annuity issued in the three-month period ended June 30, 2015.
The decrease in premiums was offset by an increase in deposits in the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the
prior year, primarily due to a $254 million ten-year, floating-rate funding
agreement issued to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016.   

140   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CORPORATE AND OTHER    

United Guaranty Results  

The following table presents United Guaranty results:   

(a) Based on number of policies.  

  (b)    Represents the full amount of
second-lien loans insured reduced for contractual aggregate loss limits on
certain pools of loans, which is usually 10 percent of the full amount of
loans insured in each pool. Certain second-lien pools have reinstatement provisions,
which will expire as the loan balances are repaid   .  

Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME    
     (in millions)   

domestic first-lien new insurance written ON MORTGAGE LOANS    
     (in millions)   

141   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CORPORATE AND OTHER    

The following table presents United Guaranty first-lien
results:    

United Guaranty Quarterly Results   

   Pre-tax operating income    decreased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily
due to a decrease in net premiums earned due to higher ceded premiums under the
50 percent quota share agreement between United Guaranty and our subsidiaries
for business originated from 2014 through 2016 offsetting a decline in incurred
losses driven by lower delinquency rates and higher cure rates. Direct premiums
written declined primarily due to reductions in new insurance volume, driven by
the decline in mortgage originations in 2016, and continued reductions in
run-off businesses.  

  First-Lien Results  

   First-lien
pre-tax operating income    decreased in the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year, reflecting a
decrease in net premiums earned due to higher ceded premiums under the 50
percent quota share agreement discussed above. First-lien net premiums earned
decreased in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the
same period in the prior year, primarily due to the increase in ceded premiums.
First-lien losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $12 million compared to the same
period in the prior year driven by fewer new delinquencies and an increase in
cure rates. The combined ratio decreased by 1.0 point to 51.2 points in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year,
reflecting a decrease in losses incurred.  

   Acquisition expenses    were flat in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year.  

   General operating expenses    increased in the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to an increase in expenses relating to the pending sale of United
Guaranty.  

  Other Business Results  

  Other business results include second-lien mortgage
insurance, student loan insurance and non-domestic mortgage insurance
operations.  

   The Other
business  pre-tax operating income    for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 decreased by $3 million to $17 million, compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in net premiums earned as
these portfolios continued to run off, partially offset by a decrease in losses
and loss adjustment expenses.  

142   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CORPORATE AND OTHER    

United Guaranty Year-to-Date
Results   

   Pre-tax operating income    decreased in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily
due to a decrease in net premiums earned due to higher ceded premiums from the 50
percent quota share agreement discussed above. Partially offsetting the premium
decrease was a decline in incurred losses driven by lower delinquency rates and
higher cure rates.  

  First-Lien Results  

   First-lien
pre-tax operating income    was flat in the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, compared to the same period in the prior year. First-lien net
premiums earned decreased in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily as a result of the 50
percent quota share agreement discussed above. First-lien losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016
decreased by $38 million, compared to the same period in the prior year, due to
a decline in newly reported delinquencies and an increase in cure rates. The
combined ratio decreased by 4.7 points to 48.9 points in the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily reflecting a decrease  in losses incurred.  

   Acquisition expenses    decreased by $2 million to $54
million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily due to reductions in expenses related to
reduced new insurance written.  

   General operating expenses    decreased by $3 million to
$93 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
same period in the prior year, primarily due to a reduction in employee-related
expenses, partially offset by an increase in expenses relating to the pending
sale of United Guaranty.  

  Other Business Results  

   The Other business  pre-tax operating income    for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $42 million
compared to $40 million in the same period in the prior year. The $2 million
increase in pre-tax operating income was primarily due to a decrease in losses and
loss adjustment expenses, partially offset by a decrease in net premiums earned
as these portfolios continued to run off.  

   New Insurance Written on Domestic First-Lien Mortgage Loans   

United Guaranty s domestic first-lien new insurance written
was $12.8 billion and $34.6 billion in the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $14.5 billion and $40.2 billion,
respectively, in the same periods in the prior year.  The decrease was
primarily caused by lower mortgage interest rates in late 2014 and early 2015
resulting in an increase in refinancing activity in early 2015.   

   Delinquency Inventory   

The delinquency inventory for domestic first-lien business
declined during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
same period in the prior year as a result of cures and paid claims exceeding
the number of newly reported delinquencies. United Guaranty s first-lien
primary delinquency ratio at September 30, 2016 was 2.9 percent compared to 3.5
percent at September 30, 2015. Over the last several years, United Guaranty has
experienced a decline in newly reported delinquencies and an increase in cure
rates.  

143   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       results of operations /
CORPORATE AND OTHER    

The
following table provides a summary of activity in United Guaranty s domestic
first lien delinquency inventory:    

*  In
the second quarter of 2016, United Guaranty s number of delinquent loans was
revised to remove modified pool policies and reflect primary first-lien only
policies. The prior period has been revised to conform to the current period
presentation.  

  United Guaranty Quarterly and
Year-to-Date Underwriting Ratios  

The following tables present the United Guaranty
combined ratios based on GAAP data:   

The combined ratio decreased by 4.4 points and 6.0 points in the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to the same periods in the prior year, primarily due to a lower loss ratio offset
in part by an increase in the expense ratio. The decrease in the loss ratio in
the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was driven primarily
by a decline in incurred losses driven by fewer new delinquencies and an
increase in cure rates    .   

   The acquisition ratio increased by 1.0 point and 0.6 points in the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to the same periods in the prior year. The acquisition ratio increased due to a
reduction in net premiums earned from the 50 percent quota share agreement and
amortization of previously capitalized costs offsetting the reduction in sales
support activities    .   

   The general
operating expense ratio decreased by 0.8 points and remained flat in the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the
same periods in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in
technology-related expenses    .   

144   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

INVESTMENTS  

Overview   

Our investment strategies are tailored to the specific
business needs of each operating unit. The investment objectives are driven by
the respective business models for Non-Life Insurance Companies, Life Insurance
Companies and AIG Parent. The primary objectives are generation of investment
income, preservation of capital, liquidity management and growth of surplus to
support the insurance products. The majority of assets backing our insurance
liabilities consist of fixed maturity securities.  

Investments Highlights during the Nine
  Months Ended September 30, 2016   

A decline in interest rates and narrowing of credit spreads resulted
  in an increase in our net unrealized gain position in our investment
  portfolio. Net unrealized gains in our available for sale portfolio increased
  to approximately $19.6 billion as of September 30, 2016 from approximately
  $8.8 billion as of December 31, 2015.  
          
    We continued to make investments in structured securities and other
  fixed maturity securities and increased lending activities in mortgage loans
  with favorable risk versus return characteristics to improve yields and
  increase net investment income.  
          
    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reduced our hedge
  fund portfolio by $2.7 billion as a result of redemptions consistent with our
  planned reduction of exposure. Our alternative investments portfolio
  performance also experienced a decline in the nine-month period ended
  September 30, 2016 due to increased volatility in equity markets, primarily
  in the first quarter of 2016.  
          
    Blended investment yields on new investments were lower than blended
  rates on investments that were sold, matured or called.   
          
    Other-than-temporary impairments decreased due to lower impairments
  within the corporate bond portfolio, primarily in the energy sector.  
          
    We recognized gains on sales of securities in the nine-month period
  ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to the sale of a portion of our PICC
  Investment.  
          
    The Brexit vote has created increased volatility in exchange rates as
  well as within the equity markets, which may continue for some time.  

Investmen    t Strategies   

Investment strategies are based on considerations that
include the local and general market conditions, liability duration and cash
flow characteristics, rating agency and regulatory capital considerations,
legal investment limitations, tax optimization and diversification.  

  Some of our key investment
strategies are as follows:  

Fixed maturity securities held by the U.S. insurance companies included
in Non-Life Insurance Companies consist of a mix of instruments that meet our
current risk-return, tax, liquidity, credit quality and diversification
objectives.  

145   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

Outside of the U.S., fixed maturity securities held by Non-Life
Insurance Companies consist primarily of high-grade securities generally
denominated in the currencies of the countries in which we operate.   

While more of a focus is placed on asset-liability management in Life
Insurance Companies, our fundamental strategy across all of our investment
portfolios is to optimize the duration characteristics of the assets within a
target range based on comparable liability characteristics, to the extent
practicable.   

           AIG Parent,
included in Corporate and Other, actively manages its assets and liabilities in
terms of products, counterparties and duration. AIG Parent s liquidity sources
are held primarily in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly
traded, investment-grade rated fixed maturity securities. Based upon an
assessment of its immediate and longer-term funding needs, AIG Parent purchases
publicly traded, investment-grade rated fixed maturity securities that can be
readily monetized through sales or repurchase agreements.  These securities
allow us to diversify sources of liquidity while reducing the cost of
maintaining sufficient liquidity.  

   Investments by Legal
Entity Category   

The following tables summarize the
composition of AIG's investments:   

(a) At both September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately 90 percent and 10 percent of
investments were held by domestic and foreign entities, respectively.   

   (b) Includes the effect of
eliminations and consolidations.    

146   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

The following table presents the components of Net
Investment Income:    

(a) Beginning in the first
quarter of 2016, the presentation of income on alternative investments has been
refined to include only income from hedge funds, private equity funds and
affordable housing partnerships. Prior period disclosures have been reclassified
to conform to this presentation. Hedge funds for which we elected the fair
value option are recorded as of the balance sheet date. Other hedge funds are
generally reported on a one-month lag, while private equity funds are generally
reported on a one-quarter lag.    

   (b) Includes
changes in fair value of certain fixed maturity securities where the fair value
option has been elected and which are used to economically hedge interest rate
and other risks related to our variable annuity guaranteed living benefits. For
the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the net investment
income (loss) recorded on these securities was $17 million and $4 million,
respectively. For the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
net investment income (loss) recorded on these securities was $270 million and
$(39) million, respectively.   

   Net investment
income increased for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the same period in the prior year primarily due to higher income on
alternative investments and an increase in the fair market value of assets
accounted for under the fair value option. Net investment income decreased for
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in
the prior year due to lower income on alternative investments and lower
reinvestment yields, partially offset by an increase in invested assets and
higher gains on securities for which the fair value option was elected.   

  Non-Life Insurance Companies  

For the Non-Life Insurance Companies, the duration of
liabilities for long-tail casualty lines is greater than that of other lines.
As a result, the investment strategy within the Non-Life Insurance Companies
focuses on growth of surplus and preservation of capital, subject to liability
and other business considerations.  

  The Non-Life Insurance Companies invest primarily in fixed
maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other
governmental agencies and also invest in structured securities collateralized
by, among other assets, residential and commercial real estate and commercial
mortgage loans. While invested assets backing reserves of the Non-Life
Insurance Companies are primarily invested in conventional fixed maturity
securities, we have continued to allocate a portion of our investment activity
into asset classes that offer higher yields, particularly in the domestic
operations. In addition, we continue to invest in both fixed rate and floating
rate asset-backed investments for their risk-return attributes, as well as to
manage our exposure to potential changes in interest rates. This asset
diversification has maintained stable average yields while the overall credit
ratings of our fixed maturity securities were largely unchanged. We expect to
continue to pursue this investment strategy to meet the Non-Life Insurance
Companies  liquidity, duration and credit quality objectives as well as current
risk return and tax objectives.  

  In addition, the Non-Life Insurance Companies seek to
enhance returns through selective investments in a diversified portfolio of
alternative investments.   Although these alternative
investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have
historically achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields
and have provided added diversification to the broader portfolio.    

  Fixed maturity investments of the Non-Life Insurance
Companies domestic operations, with a duration of 4.7 years, are currently
comprised primarily of tax-exempt securities, which provide attractive
risk-adjusted after-tax returns, as well as taxable municipal bonds, government
and agency bonds, and corporate bonds. The majority of these high quality
investments are rated A or higher based on composite ratings.  

147   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

Fixed maturity investments held
in the Non-Life Insurance Companies foreign operations are of high quality,
primarily rated A or higher based on composite ratings with a duration
averaging 3.5 years.  

  Life Insurance Companies  

The investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies is
to maximize net investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity
requirements, capital constraints, diversification requirements, asset liability
management and available investment opportunities.  

  The Life Insurance Companies use asset liability
management as a primary tool to monitor and manage risk in their businesses.
The Life Insurance Companies' fundamental investment strategy is to maintain a
diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities that, to the
extent practicable, complements the characteristics of liabilities, including
duration, which is a measure of sensitivity to changes in interest rates. The
investment portfolio of each product line is tailored to the specific characteristics
of its insurance liabilities, and as a result, certain portfolios are shorter
in duration and others are longer in duration.  An extended low interest rate
environment may result in a lengthening of liability durations from initial
estimates, primarily due to lower lapses, which may require us to further
extend the duration of the investment portfolio.   

  The Life Insurance Companies invest primarily in fixed
maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other
governmental agencies; structured securities collateralized by, among other
assets, residential and commercial real estate; and commercial mortgage loans.  

  In addition, the Life Insurance Companies seek to enhance
returns through investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative
investments.   Although these alternative investments
are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved
yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields.  While a diversified
portfolio of alternative investments remains a fundamental component of the
investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies, we intend to reduce the
overall size of the hedge fund portfolio, in light of changing market
conditions and perceived market opportunities, and to continue reducing the
size of the private equity portfolio.    

  The Life Insurance Companies monitor fixed income markets,
including the level of interest rates, credit spreads and the shape of the
yield curve. The Life Insurance Companies frequently review their interest rate
assumptions and actively manage the crediting rates used for their new and
in-force business. Business strategies continue to evolve to maintain
profitability of the overall business in a historically low interest rate
environment. The low interest rate environment makes it more difficult to
profitably price many of our products and puts margin pressure on existing
products, due to the challenge of investing recurring premiums and deposits and
reinvesting investment portfolio cash flows in the low rate environment while
maintaining satisfactory investment quality and liquidity. In addition, there
is investment risk associated with future premium receipts from certain in force
business. Specifically, the investment of these future premium receipts may be
at a yield below that required to meet future policy liabilities.  

  Fixed maturity investments of the Life Insurance Companies
domestic operations, with a duration of 7.0 years, are comprised of taxable
corporate bonds, as well as taxable municipal and government bonds, and agency
and non agency structured securities. The majority of these investments
are held in the available for sale portfolio and are rated investment grade
based on its composite ratings.  

  Fixed maturity investments held in the Life Insurance
Companies foreign operations are of high quality, primarily rated A or higher
based on composite ratings with a duration averaging 16.3 years.  

   NAIC
Designations of Fixed Maturity Securities   

The Securities Valuation Office (SVO) of the National Association
of Insurance Companies (NAIC) evaluates the investments of U.S. insurers for
statutory reporting purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities to one of
six categories called  NAIC Designations.  In general, NAIC Designations of  1 
highest quality, or  2  high quality, include fixed maturity securities
considered investment grade, while NAIC Designations of  3  through  6 
generally include fixed maturity securities referred to      

148   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

as
below investment grade.  The NAIC has adopted revised rating methodologies for
certain structured securities, including non-agency RMBS and CMBS, which are
intended to enable a more precise assessment of the value of such structured
securities and increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses to better
determine the appropriate capital requirement for such structured securities. 
These methodologies result in an improved NAIC Designation for such securities
compared to the rating typically assigned by the three major rating agencies. 
The following tables summarize the ratings distribution of Life Insurance
Companies fixed maturity security portfolio by NAIC Designation, and the
distribution by composite AIG credit rating, which is generally based on
ratings of the three major rating agencies.  See Investments   Credit Ratings
herein for a full description of the composite AIG credit ratings.  

   The following table presents the fixed maturity
security portfolio of Life Insurance Companies categorized by NAIC Designation,
at fair value:   

*   Excludes $6.1 billion
of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is available because
they are held in legal entities within Life Insurance Companies that do not
require a statutory filing.   

    The
following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio of Life
Insurance Companies              categorized by composite AIG credit rating, at fair value:    

*  Excludes $6.1 billion
of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is available because
they are held in legal entities within Life Insurance Companies that do not
require a statutory filing.   

     Credit Ratings   

At September 30, 2016,
approximately 90 percent of our fixed maturity securities were held by our
domestic entities. Approximately 17 percent of such securities were rated AAA
by one or more of the principal rating agencies, and approximately
16 percent were rated below investment grade or not rated. Our investment
decision process relies primarily on internally generated fundamental analysis
and internal risk ratings. Third-party rating services  ratings and opinions
provide one source of independent perspective for consideration in the internal
analysis.  

  A significant portion of our foreign entities  fixed
maturity securities portfolio is rated by Moody s Investors  Service Inc.
(Moody s), Standard   Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of
S P Global Inc. (S P), or similar foreign rating services. Rating
services are not available for some foreign-issued securities. Our Credit Risk
Management department closely reviews the credit quality of the foreign
portfolio s non-rated fixed maturity securities. At September 30, 2016,
approximately 17 percent of such investments were either rated AAA or, on the
basis of our internal analysis, were equivalent from a credit standpoint to
securities rated AAA, and approximately 7 percent were below investment grade
or not rated. Approximately 48 percent of the      

149   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

foreign
entities  fixed maturity securities portfolio is comprised of sovereign fixed
maturity securities supporting policy liabilities in the country of issuance.  

  Composite AIG Credit Ratings  

With respect to our fixed maturity investments, the credit
ratings in the table below and in subsequent tables reflect: (a) a
composite of the ratings of the three major rating agencies, or when agency
ratings are not available, the rating assigned by the NAIC SVO (over 99 percent
of total fixed maturity investments), or (b) our equivalent internal
ratings when these investments have not been rated by any of the major rating
agencies or the NAIC.  The  Non-rated  category in those tables consists
of fixed maturity securities that have not been rated by any of the major
rating agencies, the NAIC or us.   

  See Enterprise Risk Management herein for a discussion of
credit risks associated with Investments.  

   The following table presents the composite AIG credit
ratings of our fixed maturity securities calculated on the basis of their fair
value:     

150   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

Available
for Sale Investments   

The following table
presents the fair value of our available for sale securities:   

*    At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the fair value of bonds available for sale held by us
that were below investment grade or not rated totaled $35.6 billion and $34.9 billion,
respectively.   

    The following table presents the fair value of our aggregate
credit exposures to non-U.S. governments for our fixed maturity securities:    

151   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

The
following table presents the fair value of our aggregate European credit
exposures by major sector for our fixed maturity securities:     

Investments in Municipal Bonds   

At September 30, 2016, the U.S. municipal bond portfolio was
composed primarily of essential service revenue bonds and high-quality
tax-backed bonds with over 95 percent of the portfolio rated A or higher.  

152   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

The following table presents
the fair values of our available for sale U.S. municipal bond portfolio by
state and municipal bond type:   

(a) We did not have material credit exposure to the government
of Puerto Rico.  

  (b) Excludes certain university and not-for-profit entities
that issue their bonds in the corporate debt market. Includes industrial
revenue bonds.  

  (c)  Includes $1.7 billion of pre-refunded municipal bonds.  

   Investments in Corporate Debt Securities   

The following table presents the industry categories of
our available for sale corporate debt securities:   

*    At both September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately 91 percent of these investments
were rated investment grade.  

153   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

Our
investments in the energy category, as a percentage of total investments in
available for sale fixed maturities, were 5.5 percent at September 30, 2016 and
5.6 percent at December 31, 2015.  While the energy investments are
primarily investment grade and are actively managed, the category continues to
experience volatility that could adversely affect credit quality and fair
value.   

   Investments in RMBS   

The following table presents AIG s RMBS available for
sale investments by year of vintage:   

154   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

*   Includes approximately $13.2 billion at both September 30,
2016, and December 31, 2015 of certain RMBS that had experienced deterioration
in credit quality since their origination.  See Note 6 to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on Purchased Credit
Impaired (PCI) Securities.   

    The following table presents our RMBS
available for sale investments by credit rating:    

(a) Includes certain RMBS that had experienced deterioration in
credit quality since their origination. See Note 6 to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on PCI Securities.  

  (b) The weighted average expected life was six years at both
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

  Our underwriting practices for investing in RMBS, other
asset backed securities and CDOs take into consideration the quality of
the originator, the manager, the servicer, security credit ratings, underlying
characteristics of the mortgages, borrower characteristics, and the level of
credit enhancement in the transaction.  

155   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

Investments in CMBS   

The following table presents our CMBS available for
sale investments:   

The following table presents the fair value
of our CMBS available for sale investments by rating agency designation and by
vintage year:    

156   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

The following table presents our CMBS available for sale
investments by geographic region:    

*    Includes Non-U.S. locations.   

    The
following table presents our CMBS available for sale investments by industry:     

*    Includes Agency-backed CMBS.  

  The fair value of CMBS holdings remained stable during the
third quarter of 2016. The majority of our investments in CMBS are in tranches
that contain substantial protection features through collateral subordination.
The majority of CMBS holdings are traditional conduit transactions, broadly
diversified across property types and geographical areas.  

157   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

Investments in CDOs   

The following table presents our CDO available for sale
investments by collateral type:      

The following table presents our CDO
available for sale investments by credit rating:    

Commercial Mortgage Loans   

At September 30, 2016, we had direct commercial mortgage
loans exposure of $24 billion, of which approximately all of the loans
were current.    

   The following table presents the commercial mortgage
loans exposure by location and class of loan based on amortized cost:   

158   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

*    Does not reflect
allowance for credit losses.   

   See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2015
Annual Report for additional discussion on commercial mortgage loans.   

     Impairments   

The following table
presents impairments by investment type:   

159   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

Other-Than-Temporary
Impairments  

To determine other-than-temporary impairments, we use
fundamental credit analyses of individual securities without regard to rating
agency ratings. Based on this analysis, we expect to receive cash flows
sufficient to cover the amortized cost of all below investment grade securities
for which credit impairments were not recognized.  

   The following tables present other-than-temporary
impairment charges recorded in earnings on fixed maturity securities, equity
securities, private equity funds and hedge funds.   

   Other-than-temporary impairment charges by reportable
segment and impairment type:   

160   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

Other-than-temporary
impairment charges by investment type and impairment type:     

*    Includes other-than-temporary impairment charges on private
equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity investments.   

161   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

Other-than-temporary
impairment charges by investment type and credit rating:     

*    Includes other-than-temporary impairment charges on
private equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity investments.  

  We recorded
other-than-temporary impairment charges in the three- and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 related to:  

issuer-specific credit events;   

securities that we intend to sell or for which it is more likely than
not that we will be required to sell;  

declines due to foreign exchange rates;   

adverse changes in estimated cash flows on certain structured
securities; and  

securities that experienced severe market valuation declines.  

  In addition,
impairments are recorded on real estate and investments in life settlements.  

162   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

In periods subsequent to the
recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment charge for available for sale
fixed maturity securities that is not foreign-exchange related, we generally
prospectively accrete into earnings the difference between the new amortized
cost and the expected undiscounted recoverable value over the remaining life of
the security. The accretion that was recognized for these securities in
earnings was $187 million and $197 million in the three-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $645 million and $565 million in
the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See
Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2015 Annual Report for a
discussion of our other-than-temporary impairment accounting policy.  

   The following table shows the aging of the pre-tax
unrealized losses of fixed maturity and equity securities, the extent to which
the fair value is less than amortized cost or cost, and the number of
respective items in each category:   

(a) Represents the number of consecutive months that fair
value has been less than cost by any amount.  

  (b) Represents the percentage by which fair value is less than
cost at September 30, 2016.  

  (c)  For bonds, represents amortized cost.  

  (d) The effect on Net income of unrealized losses after taxes
will be mitigated upon realization because certain realized losses will result
in current decreases in the amortization of certain DAC.  

  (e) Item count is by CUSIP by subsidiary.  

   Change in Unrealized Gains and Losses on
Investments    

The change in net unrealized gains and losses on
investments in the third quarter of 2016 was primarily attributable to
increases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. For the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity
and equity securities increased by $10.8 billion due to a decrease in
interest rates and narrowing of credit spreads.  

  The change in net unrealized gains and losses on
investments in the third quarter of 2015 was primarily attributable to
decreases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. For the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2015, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity
and equity securities decreased by $6.1 billion primarily due to the
widening of credit spreads.  

163   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

See also Note 6 to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our investment
portfolio.  

   Net Realized Capital Gains and Losses   

The following table presents the components of Net
realized capital gains (losses):   

*            Includes $107 million of realized gains due
to a purchase price adjustment on the sale of Class B shares of Prudential
Financial, Inc. for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $357 million
of realized gains due to the sale of common shares of SpringLeaf Holdings, $428
million of realized gains due to the sale of Class B shares of Prudential
Financial, Inc. and $463 million of realized losses due to the sale of ordinary
shares of AerCap for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   

   Net realized capital losses were higher in the three month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to higher foreign exchange losses related to British pound
weakening following the Brexit vote more than offsetting lower
Other-than-temporary -impairment charges and higher gains on the sale of securities.
Net realized capital losses in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016
were primarily related to foreign exchange losses and impairments, which were
higher than the gain recognized on the sale of a portion of our PICC
Investment, compared to net realized capital gains in the same period in the
prior year, which were driven primarily by foreign exchange gains and net gains
on the sales of various securities such as the Class B shares of Prudential
Financial, Inc. and common shares of Springleaf Holdings Inc.    

   Foreign exchange gains (losses) were primarily due to $528
million and $906 million of remeasurement losses in the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, for a short term
intercompany balance that was matched with available for sale investments
in fixed maturity securities denominated in the same foreign currencies.
Unrealized gains and losses on the available for sale investments were recorded
in other comprehensive income resulting in an immaterial impact on our overall equity
or book value per share from this arrangement.    

   Net realized
capital losses in the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 were
primarily driven by higher other-than-temporary impairments within the energy
and emerging markets sectors, driven primarily by slowing growth in China and
weakness in commodity markets, partially offset by foreign exchange losses, which
included $48 million of losses in the three-month period ended September 30,
2015, related to the intercompany notional cash pooling arrangement, discussed
above.    

   Net realized
capital gains in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 were primarily
driven by gains on sales of our PICC Investment, Class B shares of Prudential
Financial, Inc., and common shares of Springleaf Holdings, Inc. and foreign
exchange gains, which included $107 million of gains in nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2015, related to the intercompany notional cash pooling
arrangement, discussed above. These realized gains were partially offset by
realized losses related to the sale of ordinary shares of AerCap.    

164   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INVESTMENTS    

See also Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussion of our investment portfolio.   

Insurance Reserves  

The
following section provides discussion of insurance reserves for both the
Non-Life Insurance Companies and the Life Insurance Companies, including those
of Institutional Markets and Eaglestone Reinsurance Company, the results of
which are reported in Corporate and Other.   

   Non-  Life  
Insurance Companies   

The following section provides discussion of the
consolidated liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for the
Non-Life Insurance Companies.  

   The following table presents the components of AIG s
gross loss reserves by major lines of business on a U.S. statutory basis * :   

*    Presented by lines of
business pursuant to statutory reporting requirements as prescribed by the
NAIC.   

   Gross loss reserves represent the accumulation of estimates of
ultimate losses, including estimates for IBNR and loss expenses, less estimated
salvage and subrogation and applicable discount. The Non-Life Insurance
Companies regularly review and update the methods and assumptions used to
determine loss reserve estimates and to establish the resulting reserves. Any
adjustments resulting from this review are reflected in pre tax operating
income. Because loss reserve estimates are subject to the outcome of future
events, changes in estimates are unavoidable given that loss trends vary and
time is often required for changes in trends to be recognized and confirmed.
Reserve changes that increase prior years  estimates of ultimate cost are
referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve strengthening.
Reserve changes that decrease prior years  estimates of ultimate cost are
referred to as favorable development.     See MD A   Critical
Accounting Estimates   Details of the Loss Reserving Process in the 2015 Annual
Report.   

   Net loss
reserves represent gross loss reserves reduced by reinsurance recoverable, net
of an allowance for unrecoverable reinsurance    .   

165   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
NON-LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

The following table presents the components of net loss
reserves:    

*    Includes $1.7 billion
and $1.8 billion of reinsurance recoverable under a retroactive reinsurance
agreement at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   

   Gross loss reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of
contractual deductible recoverable amounts due from policyholders of
approximately $13.1 billion and $12.6 billion at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. These recoverable amounts are related to
certain policies with high deductibles (meaning, the policy attachment point is
above high dollar amounts retained by the insured through self-insured
retentions, deductibles, retrospective programs, or captive arrangements; each
referred to here generically as  deductibles ), primarily for U.S. commercial
casualty business. With respect to the deductible portion of the claim the
Non-Life Insurance Companies manage and pay the entire claim on behalf of the
insured and are reimbursed by the insured for the deductible portion of the
claim. The Non-Life Insurance Companies held collateral of approximately $9.6
billion at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for these deductible
recoverable amounts, consisting primarily of letters of credit and assets in trusts.   

    The
following table classifies the components of net loss reserves by business
unit:    

(a) Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, UGC and Ascot
Underwriting Holdings Ltd. (AUHL) loss reserves are reported as held for sale.
As of December 31, 2015 UGC net loss reserves are reported in Corporate and
Other United Guaranty, whereas AUHL loss reserves are reported in Commercial
Insurance Property.   

  (b) In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and in
the full year 2015, $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively, of loss
reserves for certain environmental liability, casualty, healthcare, and
specialty coverages, previously reported in Commercial Casualty and Specialty
lines of business, were transferred to Other run-off insurance lines.  

166   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
NON-LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

Discounting of Reserves  

The following table presents the components of loss
reserve discount included above:   

The
following table presents the net reserve discount benefit (charge):    

U.S. Workers  Compensation   

  Our Non-Life Insurance Companies discount certain workers 
compensation reserves in accordance with practices prescribed or permitted by
New York, Pennsylvania and Delaware. New York rules generally do not permit
non-tabular discounting on IBNR and prescribe a fixed 5 percent discount rate
for application to case reserves. Pennsylvania permits non-tabular discounting
of IBNR and approved variable discount rates determined using risk-free rates
based on the U.S. Treasury forward yield curve plus a liquidity margin, applicable
to IBNR and case reserves. Delaware has permitted discounting on the same basis
as the Pennsylvania domiciled companies.  

167   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
NON-LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

The
net decreases in workers  compensation discount in the amounts of $32 million
and $321 million, respectively, in the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the prior-year periods were primarily due to the
decrease in forward yield curve rates used for discounting under the prescribed
or permitted practices. The decrease in the forward yield curve component of
the discount rates resulted in a $14 million and $295 million decrease in the
loss reserve discount in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 compared to the prior-year periods, due to a decrease in Treasury rates along
the payout pattern horizon. In addition, there was a $55 million and $144
million reduction for accident years 2015 and prior for the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, primarily from
accretion of discount on reserves for those periods. This decrease was
partially offset by a $37 million and $118 million addition for newly
established reserves for accident year 2016 in the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The impact of changes in treasury
rates and credit spreads on workers' compensation reserve discount generally is
economically offset by unrealized gains and losses on available for sale
securities backing these reserves recorded in Other comprehensive income
resulting in a modest impact on our overall equity and book value per common
share.  

  Quarterly Reserving Conclusion  

AIG net loss reserves represent our best estimate of the
liability for net losses and loss adjustment expenses as of September 30, 2016.
While we regularly review the adequacy of established loss reserves, there can
be no assurance that our recorded loss reserves will not develop adversely in
future years and materially exceed our loss reserves as of September 30, 2016.
In our opinion, such adverse development and resulting increase in reserves are
not likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
condition, although such events could have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period.  

   The following table presents the rollforward of net
loss reserves:   

* See tables below for details of prior year development by
business unit, accident year and major class of business.   

168   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
NON-LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

The following table summarizes development, (favorable) or
unfavorable, of incurred losses and loss expenses for prior years, net of
reinsurance, by business unit and major class of business:    

*    Represents prior year development on active
retrospectively rated components of risk-sharing policies.  

169   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
NON-LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

Quarterly and
Year-to-Date Net Loss Development   

Net Loss Development   

In determining the loss development from prior accident
years, we consider and evaluate inputs from many sources, including actual
claims data, the performance of prior reserve estimates, observed industry
trends, our internal peer review processes (including challenges and
recommendations from our Enterprise Risk Management group) as well as the views
of third party actuarial firms.  We use these sources to improve our
evaluation techniques and to analyze and assess the change in estimated
ultimate loss for each accident year by class of business. Our analyses produce
a range of indications from various methods, from which we select our best
estimate.  

  We analyze and evaluate the change in estimated ultimate
loss for each accident year by class of business. For example, if loss
emergence for a class of business is different than expected for certain
accident years, we examine the indicated effect such emergence would have on
the reserves of that class of business. In some cases, the lower or higher than
expected emergence may result in no clear change in the ultimate loss estimate
for the accident years in question, and no adjustment would be made to the
reserves for the class of business. In other cases, the lower or higher than
expected emergence may result in a change, either favorable or unfavorable. As
appropriate, we make adjustments in response to the difference between the
actual and expected loss emergence for each accident year. As part of our
reserving process, we also consider notices of claims received with respect to
emerging and/or evolving issues, in particular those related to complex,
claims-related class action litigation and latent exposure claims.   

  In the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, the
adverse prior year loss reserve development was $273 million, which was
primarily driven by adverse development from our U.S. program business within
Specialty, partially offset by Property excluding catastrophes, and Consumer -
Personal Insurance. The U.S. program prior year development was driven by
higher than expected loss emergence in the most recent calendar year from a
subset of the U.S. programs businesses, which consists of both casualty and
property lines written by Managing General Agencies (MGAs) for which third
party administrators handled the majority of the claims.   

  In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the
adverse prior year loss reserve development was $214 million, which was
primarily driven by program business in the U.S., domestic catastrophes, and
the Florida court rulings described below, partially offset by favorable
development from Property excluding catastrophes, and Consumer - Personal
Insurance.  

  During the second quarter of 2016, the Florida Supreme
Court issued two separate rulings that have increased the potential liability
for workers  compensation claims in that state by undoing certain aspects of
regulations in place since 2003. The Castellanos ruling eliminated statutory
caps on claimant attorney fees in certain cases, and the Westphal ruling
eliminated the 104-week limitation on temporary total disability benefits. 
Also in the second quarter, the Florida Court of Appeals issued the Miles
decision, declaring unconstitutional certain restrictions on claimant-paid
attorney fees.  

  We have evaluated the potential impact of these decisions
on our loss reserves, and have recognized adverse prior year development for
primary workers  compensation in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016
of approximately $100 million. We are continuing to monitor the impact of these
decisions, and may adjust our estimate as new facts and data emerge.  

  In the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015, the adverse prior year loss reserve development was $191 million and $532
million, respectively,  which was driven by increased automobile claim severity
in Excess and Primary Casualty, as well as adverse development from Asbestos
and Environmental (1986 and prior), and Run-off Environmental (1987 to 2004).
This was partially offset by Property excluding catastrophes, both domestically
and internationally.  

  We recognized additional premiums on loss sensitive
business of $11 million and return premiums of $17 million for the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which entirely
offset development in that business. We recognized return premiums on loss
sensitive business of $30 million and $53 million for the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively, which entirely offset favorable
development in that business.  

170   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
NON-LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

See Results of Operations  
Commercial Insurance and Results of Operations   Consumer Personal Insurance
Results herein for further discussion of net loss development.  

    The
following table summarizes development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of              incurred losses and loss
adjustment expenses for prior years, net of reinsurance, by accident year:    

The
following table summarizes development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of incurred
losses and loss adjustment expenses for accident year 2004 and prior by major
class of business and driver of development:    

(a) Loss sensitive
business that is offset by premium adjustments and has no income statement
impact. Approximated based on prior accident year development recognized from
policy year premium charges.   

   (b) Includes loss
development on excess of deductible exposures in workers  compensation, general
liability and commercial auto.   

   (c) The effects of
commutations are shown separately from the related classes of business,
primarily excess workers  compensation. Commutations are reflected for the
years in which they were contractually binding.   

171   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
NON-LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

Asbestos
and Environmental Reserves  

Loss Reserve Estimates - Asbestos and
Environmental   

The estimation of loss reserves relating to asbestos and
environmental claims on insurance policies written many years ago is subject to
greater uncertainty than other types of claims due to inconsistent court
decisions as well as judicial interpretations and legislative actions that in
some cases have tended to broaden coverage beyond the original intent of such
policies and in others have expanded theories of liability.  

  As described more
fully in the 2015 Annual Report, our reserves relating to asbestos and
environmental claims reflect comprehensive ground up and top-down
analyses performed periodically. In the nine-month period ended September 30,
2016, we increased our gross asbestos incurred losses by $4 million due to
accretion of discount, while our net asbestos incurred losses increased by $2
million.  For the same period, our gross and net environmental incurred losses
remained unchanged. In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, we
increased our gross asbestos reserves by $20 million and our net asbestos
reserves by $11 million due to minor changes in estimates, accretion of
discount, and anticipated uncollectible reinsurance. For the same period, we
increased our gross environmental reserves by $66 million and our net
environmental reserves by $43 million to reflect the results of a top-down
analysis of accident years 1986 and prior completed in the second quarter of
2015.  

  In addition to the U.S. asbestos and environmental reserve
amounts shown in the tables below, the Non-Life Insurance Companies       also
have asbestos reserves relating to foreign risks written by non U.S.
entities of $107 million gross and $85 million net as of September 30, 2016.
The asbestos reserves relating to non U.S. risks written by non U.S.
entities were $121 million gross and $93 million net as of December 31, 2015.  

   The following table provides a summary of reserve
activity, including estimates for applicable IBNR, relating to asbestos and
environmental claims:   

172   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
NON-LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

Life   Insuran  ce Companies DAC and Reserves   

The following section provides discussion of deferred policy
acquisition costs and insurance reserves for Life Insurance Companies.  

    Update of Actuarial Assumptions    

The Life Insurance Companies review and update estimated gross
profit assumptions used to amortize DAC and related items for
investment-oriented products at least annually. Estimated gross profit
assumptions include net investment income and spreads, net realized capital
gains and losses, fees, surrender charges, expenses, and mortality gains and
losses. If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change
significantly, DAC and related reserves (which may include VOBA, SIA,
guaranteed benefit reserves and unearned revenue reserve) are recalculated
using the new assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is included in income.
Updating such assumptions may result in acceleration of amortization in some
products and deceleration of amortization in other products.   

In addition to estimated gross profit assumptions, the update of
actuarial assumptions in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 included loss recognition expense related to payout annuities in
Institutional Markets. Loss recognition expense is included in Other reserve
changes in the reserve rollforward table presented in Insurance Reserves.
Assumptions related to investment yields, mortality experience and expenses are
reviewed periodically and updated as appropriate, which could result in
additional loss recognition reserves.   

The update of actuarial assumptions in the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 also included adjustments to reserves
for universal life with secondary guarantees, and in the 2015 periods only,
group benefit claim reserves and loss recognition for certain long-term care
products.    

The update of actuarial assumptions in the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included, in both years, adjustments
to the valuation of variable annuity GMWB features that are accounted for as
embedded derivatives and measured at fair value, which are primarily in the
Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement product lines. Changes in the
fair value of such embedded derivatives are recorded in net realized capital
gains (losses) and, together with related DAC adjustments, are excluded from
pre-tax operating income. See Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and
Hedging Program for additional discussion of the reserving assumptions for
GMWB.     

The net increases (decreases) to pre-tax operating income and
pre-tax income as a result of the update of actuarial assumptions for the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are shown in
the following tables.   

173   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

The following table presents the increase (decrease) in
pre-tax operating income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions for
the domestic Life Insurance Companies, by product line:    

The following table presents the increase (decrease) in pre-tax
income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions of the domestic Life
Insurance Companies, by line item as reported in Results of Operations:    

As     a result of the update of actuarial assumptions, Consumer
Insurance pre-tax operating income included a net positive adjustment of $238
million in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016,
primarily driven by lower surrender assumptions in Fixed Annuities, partially
offset by an increase in reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees,
compared to a net reduction of $17 million in Consumer Insurance pre-tax
operating income in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015.
The adjustments related to the update of actuarial assumptions in each period are
discussed by operating segment below    .   

The addition of $622 million of loss recognition reserves for
Institutional Markets payout annuities, including certain structured
settlements and terminal funding annuities, was reported as a reduction to
Corporate and Other pre-tax operating income in the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, primarily as a result of updated mortality
assumptions.   

Pre-tax     income also reflected the update of assumptions for GMWB and fixed
index guarantee features accounted for as embedded derivatives, and related
adjustments to DAC, which in the aggregate reduced pre-tax income by $43
million in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
reduced pre-tax income by $18 million in the three- and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2015. See Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and
Hedging Program for additional discussion of the assumption updates for GMWB    .   

A     discussion of the adjustments to reflect the update of assumptions
for Retirement, Life and Institutional Markets follows    .   

174   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

Update of Actuarial Assumptions by Product Line    

   Retirement   

   The update of actuarial assumptions resulted in net positive
adjustments to pre-tax operating income of the Retirement operating segment of
$322 million in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
$140 million in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015.   

   In Fixed Annuities, the update of estimated gross profit
assumptions resulted in a net positive adjustment of $330 million in the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, which reflected lower
surrender assumptions, primarily due to lower long-term interest rates, as well
as updates to investment yield and crediting rate assumptions compared to those
previously modeled. In the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions in Fixed Annuities
resulted in a net positive adjustment of $92 million, which reflected
refinements to investment spread assumptions, lower terminations than
previously assumed and decreases to expense assumptions.   

   In Retirement Income Solutions, the update of estimated gross
profit assumptions resulted in a net positive adjustment of $39 million in the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to favorable
updates to assumptions for long-term volatility, surrenders, mortality and
policy expenses, partially offset by a decrease in the separate account
long-term asset growth rate assumption     from 8.5 percent to 7.5 percent
(before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are
projected)    . The net positive adjustment in the three- and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 included a net negative adjustment of approximately
$24 million in connection with the conversion to a more robust modeling
platform for variable annuities, primarily due to refinements to assumptions
for guaranteed minimum interest rates and investment fees, partially offset by
the impact of other refinements identified during the conversion. In the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, there were offsetting updates
to assumed investment fees, modeled expenses, and terminations, resulting in no
net adjustment to pre-tax operating income in Retirement Income Solutions.   

   In Group Retirement,     the update of estimated gross
profit assumptions resulted in a net negative adjustment of $47 million in the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to
refinements in surrender and partial withdrawal assumptions and a decrease in the
separate account long-term asset growth rate assumption from 8.5 percent to 7.5
percent (before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are
projected). In the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, a
net positive adjustment from the update of estimated gross profit assumptions
of $48 million in Group Retirement was primarily due to revisions to mortality
and surrender assumptions, partially offset by decreased spread assumptions    .   

   Adjustments     related to the update of assumptions for the valuation of variable
annuity GMWB and fixed index guarantee features accounted for as embedded
derivatives and measured at fair value, which are primarily in the Retirement
Income Solutions and Group Retirement product lines, are recorded in net
realized capital gains (losses) and excluded from pre-tax operating income.     See
Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and Hedging Program for additional
discussion of the assumption updates for GMWB    .   

   Life   

   In Life, the update of actuarial assumptions resulted in a net
negative adjustment of $84 million in the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016. This decrease in pre-tax operating income in the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to refinement to
reserves for universal life insurance with secondary guarantees due to lower
assumed surrender rates. The update to Life assumptions also included lower
yield and interest credited assumptions.   

   In the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, the
net negative adjustment of $157 million related to the update of actuarial
assumptions, which reduced pre-tax operating income of the Life operating segment,
was primarily due to lower assumed surrender rates for certain later-duration
universal life with secondary guarantees. The net negative adjustment also
reflected lower investment spread assumptions, partially offset by more
favorable than expected mortality, as well as loss recognition expense of $39
million for certain discontinued long-term care products primarily due to lower
future premium assumptions. These negative adjustments were partially offset by
a decrease in certain group benefit claim reserves based on updated experience
data.   

175   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

Institutional Markets   

   The update of actuarial assumptions resulted in $622 million of
loss recognition expense on structured settlement and terminal funding payout
annuities, which drove the pre-tax operating loss in Institutional Markets
reported in Corporate and Other in the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016. The loss recognition reflected the establishment of additional
reserves primarily as a result of mortality experience studies, which indicated
increased longevity, particularly on disabled lives on a block of structured
settlements underwritten pre-2010. This legacy block accounted for over 80% of
the charge recognized in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016. These contracts are expected to become part of the Legacy Portfolio when
our new operating structure is finalized. Compared to the legacy structured
settlement contracts, our more recently issued contracts contain a lower
proportion of substandard business and those lives are less severely impaired,
on average. There was no impact on pre-tax operating income of Institutional
Markets from the update of actuarial assumptions in the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2015.   

    Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and
Hedging Program    

   Our Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement businesses
offer variable annuity products with riders that provide guaranteed living
benefit features, which include GMWB and GMAB. The liabilities for GMWB and
GMAB are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value. The fair
value of the embedded derivatives may fluctuate significantly based on market
interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility.   

   In addition to risk-mitigating features in our variable annuity
product design, we have an economic hedging program designed to manage market
risk from GMWB and GMAB, including exposures to changes in interest rates,
equity prices, credit spreads and volatilities. The hedging program utilizes
derivative instruments, including but not limited to equity options, futures
contracts and interest rate swap and swaption contracts, as well as fixed
maturity securities with a fair value election. See Enterprise Risk Management
  Life Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks   Variable Annuity Risk
Management and Hedging Program in the 2015          Annual Report for
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features.   

   Impact on Quarterly and
Year-to-Date Pre-tax Income   

   Changes in the fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded
derivatives, and changes in the fair value of related derivative hedging
instruments, are recorded in Other realized capital gains (losses). Realized
capital gains (losses), as well as net investment income from changes in the
fair value of the fixed maturity securities used in the variable annuity
hedging program, for which the fair value option has been elected, are excluded
from pre-tax operating income of the Retirement operating segment.   

   The change in the fair value of the embedded derivatives
and the change in the value of the hedging portfolio are not expected to be
fully offsetting, primarily due to differences between the GAAP valuation of
the embedded derivatives and the economic hedge target. The non-performance or
 own credit  spread adjustment (NPA), which adjusts the rate used to discount
projected benefit cash flows for the GAAP valuation of the embedded
derivatives, is excluded from the economic hedge target.  When corporate credit
spreads widen, the change in the NPA generally reduces the fair value of the
embedded derivative liabilities, resulting in a gain, and when corporate credit
spreads narrow or tighten, the change in the NPA generally increases the fair
value of the embedded derivative liabilities, resulting in a loss. See
Differences in Valuation of Embedded Derivatives and Economic Hedge Target,
below.   

176   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

The
following table presents the net increase (decrease) to consolidated pre-tax
income from changes in the fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives
and related hedges:    

In the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, gains
from decreases in the fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivative
liabilities, excluding the update of actuarial assumptions and the NPA, were more
than offset by losses in the fair value of the related hedging portfolio,
primarily from equity hedges. In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016,
losses from the increase in the fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded
derivative liabilities, excluding the update of actuarial assumptions and the
NPA, were primarily due to decreases in market interest rates and were significantly
offset by changes in the fair value of the related hedging portfolio.  

  The update of actuarial assumptions in the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 included net increases in both the
economic hedge target and the embedded derivative liabilities, which primarily
reflected lower surrender and mortality assumptions, partially offset by a
decrease due to updated assumptions for utilization of withdrawal benefits. The
impact of these updated assumptions, which were based on experience studies, was
less significant to the embedded derivative liabilities than to the economic
hedge target, because the discount rates used to value the embedded derivatives
include the additional spread adjustment for the NPA, as well as other explicit
risk margins. In addition, the increase in the embedded derivative liabilities
from the assumption updates was partially offset by a reduction due to an
update of these risk margins. As a result, the net increase in the GMWB and
GMAB embedded derivative liabilities from the update of assumptions was $19
million in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016.  

  The three-month period ended September 30, 2016 included
losses from the change in the NPA, as a result of corporate credit spreads
tightening. However, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, widening
in credit spreads resulted in a positive impact on pre-tax income from the
change in the NPA, although to a lesser extent than in the same period in the
prior year.  

  In the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015, the impact of widening credit spreads resulted in gains from changes in
the NPA, which were the primary driver of the net positive impact on pre-tax
income in those periods. A decrease in market interest rates and lower equity
market performance in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015 resulted in increases in the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivative liabilities
in those period, excluding the update of actuarial assumptions and the NPA,
which were significantly offset by changes in the value of the hedging
portfolio. The three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015 included
a net increase in the GMWB liabilities of $39 million due to the update of
actuarial assumptions, which reflected improved mortality, lapse and withdrawal
assumptions.  

177   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

The
changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives, excluding the update of
actuarial assumptions and the NPA, were significantly offset in the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 by the following changes
in the fair value of the variable annuity hedging portfolio.  

Changes in the fair value of fixed maturity securities, for which the
fair value option has been elected, are used as a capital-efficient way to
economically hedge interest rate and credit spread-related risk. Effective June
30, 2015, we discontinued our U.S. Treasury bond interest rate hedging program
and initiated a corporate bond hedging program, which is intended to provide
the same capital efficiency as the previous U.S. Treasury bond hedging program.
The change in the fair value of the corporate bond hedging program in the
three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was not significant. The
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 included gains from the change in
fair value of the corporate bond hedging program, primarily due to decreases in
market interest rates. The nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 reflected
decreases primarily in the fair value of the U.S. Treasury bond hedging program
primarily due to increases in market interest rates in the first six months of
2015. The change in the fair value of the hedging bonds is reported in net
investment income on the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss).  

Changes in the fair value of interest rate derivative contracts, which
included swaps, swaptions and futures, resulted in gains in the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to decreasing market
interest rates in the first six months of 2016. In the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2015, gains in the three-month period from
decreases in market interest rates largely offset the impact of increases in
rates in the first six months of 2015.  

The change in the fair value of equity derivative contracts, which
included futures and options, resulted in losses in the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to gains in the same periods in the
prior year, due to more favorable change in equity market returns in the
current year periods.  

  Differences in Valuation of
Embedded Derivatives and Economic Hedge Target  

  The variable annuity hedging
program utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents an estimate of the
underlying economic drivers of the embedded derivatives. The economic hedge
target differs from the GAAP valuation of the GMWB and GMAB embedded
derivatives due to the following:  

Rider fees are 100 percent included in the economic hedge target present
value calculations; the GAAP valuation reflects those collected fees attributed
to the embedded derivative such that the initial value at contract issue equals
zero;  

Actuarial assumptions for GAAP are adjusted to remove explicit risk
margins, including margins for policyholder behavior, mortality, and volatility
for valuing the present value of fees, and use best estimate assumptions for
the economic hedge target; and  

NPA is excluded from the discount rates used for the economic hedge
target.  

  The market value of the hedge portfolio compared to the
economic hedge target at any point in time may be different and is not expected
to be fully offsetting. In addition to the derivatives held in conjunction with
the variable annuity hedging program, the Life Insurance Companies have cash
and invested assets available to cover future claims payable under these
guarantees.  The primary sources of difference between the change in the fair
value of the hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target include:  

Basis risk due to the variance between
expected and actual fund returns, which may be either positive or negative;   

Realized volatility versus implied
volatility;    

Actual versus expected changes in the
hedge target related to items not subject to hedging, particularly policyholder
behavior; and   

Risk exposures that we have elected not
to explicitly or fully hedge.   

178   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

DAC    

    The following table summarizes the major components of the changes
in Life Insurance Companies DAC, including VOBA:    

* DAC balance excluding
the amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments was
$9.5 billion and $8.9 billion at September 30, 2016 and 2015,     respectively    .   

   The net adjustments to DAC amortization from the update of
actuarial assumptions for estimated gross profits, including those reported
within change in DAC related to net realized capital gains (losses),
represented three percent and one percent of the DAC balance, excluding the
amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments, as of
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

    DAC and
Reserves Related to Unrealized Appreciation of Investments    

   DAC for
universal life and investment-type products (collectively, investment-oriented
products) is adjusted at each balance sheet date to reflect the change in DAC
as if fixed maturity and equity securities available for sale had been sold at
their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields
(shadow DAC). Shadow DAC generally moves in the opposite direction of the
change in unrealized appreciation of the available for sale securities
portfolio, reducing the reported DAC balance when market interest rates decline.
In addition, significant unrealized appreciation of investments in a prolonged
low interest rate environment may cause additional future policy benefit
liabilities to be recorded (shadow loss reserves). Market interest rates
decreased in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. As a result, the
Life Insurance Companies  unrealized appreciation of investments in the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 increased by $8.5 billion compared
to December 31, 2015, which resulted in an increase in the shadow DAC offset
and an increase in shadow loss reserves. Shadow loss reserves increased by $2.4
billion at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015.   

   Life Insurance Companies Reserves   

The following table presents a rollforward of Life
Insurance Companies  insurance reserves, including separate accounts and mutual
fund assets under management, by operating segment:   

179   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

* Institutional Markets 
Other reserve changes include $622 million of loss recognition expense in the
three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016.         

180   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       INSURANCE RESERVES /
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES    

Life
Insurance Companies  insurance reserves including separate accounts and mutual
fund assets under management were comprised of the following balances:    

* Excludes certain intercompany assumed reinsurance.   

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

Overview   

Liquidity    refers to the ability to generate
sufficient cash resources to meet our payment obligations.  It is defined as
cash and unencumbered assets that can be monetized in a short period of time at
a reasonable cost.  We manage our liquidity prudently through various risk
committees, policies and procedures, and a stress testing and liquidity risk
framework established by Enterprise Risk Management (ERM). Our liquidity risk
framework is designed to manage liquidity at both AIG Parent and subsidiaries
to meet our financial obligations over a twelve-month period under a liquidity
stress scenario. See Enterprise Risk Management   Risk Appetite, Limits,
Identification, and Measurement in the 2015 Annual Report and Enterprise Risk
Management   Liquidity Risk Management below for additional information.  

   Capital    refers to the long-term financial resources
available to support the operation of our businesses, fund business growth, and
cover financial and operational needs that arise from adverse circumstances.
Our primary source of ongoing capital generation is the profitability of our
insurance subsidiaries. We must comply with numerous constraints on our minimum
capital positions. These constraints drive the requirements for capital
adequacy for both AIG and the individual businesses and are based on
internally-defined risk tolerances, regulatory requirements, rating agency and
creditor expectations and business needs. Actual capital levels are monitored
on a regular basis, and using ERM s stress testing methodology, we evaluate the
capital impact of potential macroeconomic, financial and insurance stresses in
relation to the relevant capital constraints of both AIG and our insurance
subsidiaries.   

  We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to satisfy future requirements and meet our obligations to
policyholders, customers, creditors and debt-holders, including those arising
from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events.  

  Nevertheless, some circumstances may cause our cash or
capital needs to exceed projected liquidity or readily deployable capital
resources as was the case in 2008. Additional collateral calls, deterioration
in investment portfolios or reserve strengthening affecting statutory surplus,
higher surrenders of annuities and other policies, downgrades in credit
ratings, or catastrophic losses may result in significant additional cash or
capital needs and loss of sources of liquidity and capital. In addition,
regulatory and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer funds
freely, either to or from our subsidiaries.  

  Depending on market conditions, regulatory and rating
agency considerations and other factors, we may take various liability and
capital management actions. Liability management actions may include, but are
not limited to, repurchasing or redeeming outstanding debt, issuing new debt or
engaging in debt exchange offers. Capital management actions may include, but
are not limited to, paying dividends to our shareholders and share
repurchases.    

181   

TABLE OF CONTENTS              

Item 2 /          
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES         

Liquidity and Capital Resources Activity
  for the Nine-Month Period Ended September 30, 2016   

Sources     
               AIG
  Parent Funding from Subsidiaries    
    During the nine-month period
  ended September 30, 2016, AIG Parent received $6.3 billion in dividends and
  loan repayments from subsidiaries. Of this amount, $2.5 billion was dividends
  in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities from our Non-Life Insurance
  Companies and $3.8 billion was dividends and loan repayments in the form of
  cash and fixed maturity securities from our Life Insurance Companies.   
    AIG Parent also received
  $2.2 billion in tax sharing payments in the form of cash and fixed maturity
  securities from our insurance businesses in the nine-month period ended September
  30, 2016, including $595 million of such payments in the third quarter of
  2016. The tax sharing payments may be subject to adjustment in future
  periods.  
    The dividends and tax
  sharing payments from our Non-Life and Life Insurance Companies were funded,
  in part, by proceeds from the sale of 740 million ordinary H shares of PICC Property
    Casualty Company Limited for approximately $1.25 billion in May 2016
  and by the sale of AIG Advisor Group in May 2016.  
               Debt
  Issuances    
    In February 2016, we issued
  $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.300% Notes due 2021.  
    In March 2016, we issued
  $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.900% Notes due 2026.  
    In June 2016, we issued  750
  million aggregate principal amount of 1.500% Notes due 2023.  
               Legacy
  Assets    
    During the nine-month period
  ended September 30, 2016, we monetized approximately $3.1 billion of legacy
  assets.  
       
       Uses     
               Debt
  Reduction    
    In March 2016, we
  repurchased, through a cash tender offer, approximately $736 million
  aggregate principal amount of certain notes and debentures issued or
  guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $825
  million.  
    We also made other
  repurchases and repayments of approximately $7.1 billion during the
  nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. AIG Parent made interest payments
  on our debt instruments totaling $797 million during the nine-month
  period ended September 30, 2016.  
               Dividend     
    We paid a cash dividend of
  $0.32 per share on AIG Common Stock during each of the first, second and
  third quarters of 2016.   
               Repurchase
  of Common Stock (*)     
    We repurchased approximately
  153 million shares of AIG Common Stock during the nine-month period ended
  September 30, 2016, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $8.5
  billion.   
               Repurchase
  of Warrants    
    We repurchased 15 million
  warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock during the nine-month period
  ended September 30, 2016, for an aggregate purchase price of $263 million.   
               AIG
  Parent Funding to Subsidiaries    
    In January 2016, AIG Parent
  made a capital contribution of approximately $2.9 billion to our Non-Life Insurance
  Companies.          

* Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans, from
October 1 to November 2, 2016, we have repurchased approximately $946 million
of additional shares of AIG Common Stock. As of November 2, 2016, approximately
$4.4 billion remained under our share repurchase authorization.  

182   

TABLE OF CONTENTS              

Item 2 /          
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES         

Analysis
of Sources and Uses of Cash   

The following
table presents selected data from AIG's Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows:   

The
following table presents a summary of AIG s Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows:    

Operating Cash Flow Activities  

Insurance companies generally
receive most premiums in advance of the payment of claims or policy
benefits. The ability of insurance companies to generate positive cash
flow is affected by the frequency and severity of losses under their insurance
policies, policy retention rates and operating expenses.  

  Interest payments totaled $1.0
billion in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.1
billion in the same period in the prior year. Excluding interest payments,
AIG generated positive operating cash flow of $3.2 billion for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.3 billion for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2015.  

  Cash used in operating activities
of our Non-Life Insurance Companies in the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016 was $149 million compared to $172 million of cash used in the same
period in the prior year, primarily attributable to decrease in premiums and
other receivables and increase in other assets in the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016.  

183   

TABLE OF CONTENTS              

Item 2 /          
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES         

Cash
provided by operating activities of our Life Insurance Companies was $1.8
billion in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to cash
provided of $2.1 billion in the same period in the prior year, primarily due to
increases in premiums and other receivables and other assets in the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, compared to decreases in the same period in
the prior year.  

  Investing Cash Flow Activities  

Net cash provided by investing activities in the   nine-month periods ended September 30,   2016 and
2015 included approximately $660 million and $694 million, respectively, of
cash collateral received in connection with our Life Insurance Companies 
securities lending program. In addition, the  
nine-month period ended September 30,   2015 included approximately $4.2
billion of net cash proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares of AerCap.  

  Financing Cash Flow Activities  

Net cash used in financing
activities in the   nine-month period ended September
30,   2016 included:  

approximately $1.1 billion in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.32
per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the first, second and third quarters
of 2016;  

approximately $8.5 billion to repurchase approximately 153 million
shares of AIG Common Stock;   

$263 million to repurchase 15 million warrants to purchase shares of AIG
Common Stock; and  

approximately $7.7 billion to repay long-term debt.  

  Net cash used in financing
activities in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 included:  

approximately $687 million in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.125
per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the first and second quarters of 2015
and $0.28 per share on AIG Common Stock in the third quarter 2015;  

approximately $7.5 billion to repurchase approximately 129
million shares of AIG Common Stock; and  

approximately $8.3 billion to repay long-term debt.  

     Liquidity and Capital Resources of
AIG Parent and Subsidiaries     

AIG Parent  

As of September 30, 2016, AIG Parent had approximately
$13.1 billion in liquidity sources. AIG Parent s liquidity sources are
primarily held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded,
investment grade rated fixed maturity securities. Fixed maturity securities
primarily include U.S. government and government sponsored entity securities,
U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and
certain other highly rated securities. AIG Parent actively manages its assets
and liabilities in terms of products, counterparties and duration. Based upon
an assessment of funding needs, the liquidity sources can be readily monetized
through sales, repurchase agreements or contributed as admitted assets to
regulated insurance companies. AIG Parent liquidity is monitored through the
use of various internal liquidity risk measures. AIG Parent s primary sources
of liquidity are dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from
subsidiaries and credit facilities.  AIG Parent s primary uses of liquidity are
for debt service, capital and liability management, operating expenses and
subsidiary capital needs.  

  We generally manage capital flows between AIG Parent and
its subsidiaries through internal, Board-approved policies and standards. In
addition, AIG Parent has unconditional capital maintenance agreements (CMAs) in
place with certain      

184   

TABLE OF CONTENTS              

Item 2 /          
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES         

subsidiaries. Regulatory and other
legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer capital freely, either
to or from our subsidiaries.  

  We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to satisfy our reasonably foreseeable future requirements and meet
our obligations to our creditors, debt-holders and insurance company
subsidiaries. We expect to access the debt markets from time to time to meet
funding requirements as needed.   

  We utilize our capital resources to support our businesses,
with the majority of capital allocated to our insurance operations. Should we
have or generate more capital than is needed to support our business strategies
(including organic growth or acquisition opportunities) or mitigate risks
inherent to our business, we may develop plans to distribute such capital to
shareholders via dividends or share repurchase authorizations or deploy such
capital towards liability management.  

  In the normal course, it is expected that a portion of the
capital released by our insurance operations or through the utilization of
AIG s deferred tax assets may be available for distribution to shareholders.
Additionally, it is expected that capital associated with businesses or
investments that do not directly support our insurance operations may be
available for distribution to shareholders or deployment towards liability
management upon its monetization.   

  In developing plans to distribute capital, AIG considers a
number of factors, including, but not limited to: the capital resources
available to support our insurance operations and business strategies, AIG s
funding capacity and capital resources in comparison to internal benchmarks,
expectations for capital generation, rating agency expectations for capital, as
well as regulatory standards and internal stress tests for capital and capital
distributions.  

  In January 2016, AIG Parent made a capital contribution of
approximately $2.9 billion to our Non-Life Insurance Companies as a result of
our fourth quarter 2015 reserve strengthening.  

   The following table presents AIG Parent's liquidity
sources:   

(a) Cash and short-term
investments include reverse repurchase agreements totaling $1.1 billion
and $1.5 billion as of     September 30, 2016     and December 31, 2015, respectively.    

   (b) Unencumbered
securities consist of publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities. Fixed maturity securities primarily include U.S. government and government
sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate
and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities.   

   (c)  For additional
information relating to this syndicated credit facility, see Credit Facilities
below.   

  Non-Life Insurance Companies  

We expect that our Non-Life Insurance Companies will be
able to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity
requirements and meet their obligations, including those arising from
reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events, through cash from operations
and, to the extent necessary, monetization of invested assets. Our Non-Life
Insurance Companies  liquidity resources are primarily held in the form of
cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed
maturity securities.   

  Each of our Non-Life Insurance Companies  liquidity is
monitored through the use of various internal liquidity risk measures. 
The primary sources of liquidity are premiums, fees, reinsurance recoverables
and investment income.     The primary uses of
liquidity are paid losses, reinsurance payments, dividends, expenses,
investments and collateral requirements.  

185   

TABLE OF CONTENTS              

Item 2 /          
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES         

Our Non-Life Insurance Companies
may require additional funding to meet capital or liquidity needs under certain
circumstances.  Large catastrophes may require us to provide additional support
to our affected operations. Downgrades in our credit ratings could put pressure
on the insurer financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, which could
result in non renewals or cancellations by policyholders and adversely
affect the subsidiary s ability to meet its own obligations. Increases in
market interest rates may adversely affect the financial strength ratings of
our subsidiaries, as rating agency capital models may reduce the amount of
available capital relative to required capital. Other potential events that
could cause a liquidity strain include an economic collapse of a nation or
region significant to our operations, nationalization, catastrophic terrorist
acts, pandemics or other events causing economic or political upheaval.  

  Certain Non-Life Insurance Companies are members of the
Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) in their respective districts. Borrowings from
the FHLBs may be used to supplement liquidity or for other uses deemed
appropriate by management. Our Non-Life Insurance Companies had outstanding
borrowings from the FHLBs in an aggregate amount of approximately $792 million
and $0 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The
outstanding borrowings are being used primarily for interest rate risk
management purposes in connection with certain reinsurance arrangements, and
the balances are expected to decline as underlying premiums are collected.  

  AIG Parent and Ascot Corporate Name Limited (ACNL), a
Non-Life Insurance Company, are parties to a $725 million letter of credit
facility. ACNL, as a member of the Lloyd s of London insurance syndicate
(Lloyd s), is required to hold capital at Lloyd s, known as Funds at Lloyds
(FAL). Under the facility, the entire FAL capital requirement of $640 million
as of September 30, 2016, which supports the 2016 and 2017 years of account,
was satisfied with a letter of credit in that amount issued under the
facility.  In September 2016, AIG entered into an agreement to sell its
interest in Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd. and ACNL pursuant to which AIG
expects the release of the letter of credit facility at closing.  

  In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, our
Non-Life Insurance Companies paid approximately $2.5 billion to AIG Parent in
dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities. The fixed maturity
securities primarily include U.S. government and government sponsored entity
securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal
bonds and certain other highly rated securities.   

  Life Insurance Companies  

We expect that our Life Insurance Companies will be able
to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity requirements and
meet their obligations, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable
contingencies or events, through cash from operations and, to the extent
necessary, monetization of invested assets. Our Life Insurance Companies 
liquidity sources are primarily held in the form of cash, short-term
investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities.  

  Each of our Life Insurance Companies  liquidity is
monitored through the use of various internal liquidity risk measures.  The
primary sources of liquidity are premiums, fees, reinsurance recoverables and
investment income. The primary uses of liquidity are benefit claims, interest
payments, surrenders, withdrawals, dividends, expenses, investments and
collateral requirements.  

  Management believes that because of the size and liquidity
of our Life Insurance Companies  investment portfolios, normal deviations from
projected claim or surrender experience would not create significant liquidity
risk. Furthermore, our Life Insurance Companies  products contain certain
features that mitigate surrender risk, including surrender charges. However, as
we saw in 2008, in times of extreme capital markets disruption, liquidity needs
could outpace resources. As part of their risk management framework, our Life
Insurance Companies continue to evaluate and, where appropriate, pursue
strategies and programs to improve their liquidity position and facilitate
their ability to maintain a fully invested asset portfolio.  

  Certain of our U.S. Life Insurance Companies are members
of the FHLBs in their respective districts. Borrowings from the FHLBs are used
to supplement liquidity or for other uses deemed appropriate by management. Our
U.S. Life Insurance Companies had outstanding borrowings from the FHLBs in an
aggregate amount of approximately $452 million and $2 million at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  The amount outstanding at September
30, 2016 did not include $254 million due to the FHLB of Dallas under a funding
agreement issued by our Institutional Markets business in June 2016.  

186   

TABLE OF CONTENTS              

Item 2 /          
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES         

Certain of our U.S. Life
Insurance Companies have programs, which began in 2012, that lend securities
from their investment portfolio to supplement liquidity or for other uses as
deemed appropriate by management. Under these programs, these U.S. Life Insurance
Companies lend securities to financial institutions and receive cash as
collateral equal to 102 percent of the fair value of the loaned securities.
Cash collateral received is invested in short-term investments. Additionally,
the aggregate amount of securities that a Life Insurance Company is able to
lend under its program at any time is limited to five percent of its general
account statutory-basis admitted assets. At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, our U.S. Life Insurance Companies had $2.2 billion and $1.1 billion,
respectively, of securities subject to these agreements and $2.3 billion and
$1.1 billion, respectively, of liabilities to borrowers for collateral
received.  

  AIG generally manages capital between AIG Parent and its
subsidiaries through internal, Board-approved policies and guidelines.  In
addition, AIG Parent is party to a CMA with AGC Life Insurance Company. Among
other things, the CMA provides that AIG Parent will maintain the total adjusted
capital of AGC Life Insurance Company at or above a specified minimum
percentage of its projected NAIC Company Action Level Risk-Based Capital (RBC).
As of September 30, 2016, the specified minimum percentage under this CMA was
250 percent.  

  In the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, our
U.S. Life Insurance Companies paid approximately $3.8 billion to AIG Parent in
dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash and fixed maturity
securities. The fixed maturity securities primarily included U.S. government
and government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed
securities, corporate and non-U.S. government bonds and certain other highly
rated securities. Dividends paid in the three-month period ended September 30,
2016, included approximately $1.0 billion of excess statutory capital released
as a result of a reinsurance agreement entered into by one of the Life
Insurance Companies involving certain of its whole life and universal life
businesses.  

  Corporate and Other  

AIG generally manages capital between AIG Parent and its
subsidiaries through internal, Board-approved policies and guidelines.  In
addition, AIG Parent is party to a CMA with its Mortgage Guaranty insurance
company. Among other things, the CMA provides that AIG Parent will maintain
capital and surplus of the Mortgage Guaranty insurance company at or above a
specified minimum required capital based on a specified risk-to-capital ratio.
In addition, the CMA provides that if capital and surplus of the Mortgage
Guaranty insurance company is in excess of that same specified minimum required
capital, subject to its board approval and compliance with applicable insurance
laws, the Mortgage Guaranty insurance company would declare and pay ordinary
dividends to its equity holders up to an amount necessary to reduce projected
or actual capital and surplus to a level equal to or not materially greater
than such specified minimum required capital. As structured, the CMA
contemplates that the specified minimum required capital would be reviewed and
agreed upon at least annually. As of September 30, 2016, the minimum required
capital for the CMA with the Mortgage Guaranty insurance company is based on a
risk-to-capital ratio of 19 to 1.  

     Credit
Facilities   

We maintain a committed,
revolving syndicated credit facility (the Five-Year Facility) as a potential
source of liquidity for general corporate purposes. The Five-Year Facility
provides for aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide unsecured
revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to $4.5 billion without
any limits on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in November
2020.  

  As of September 30, 2016, a total of $4.5 billion remains
available under the Five-Year Facility. Our ability to borrow under the
Five-Year Facility is not contingent on our credit ratings. However, our
ability to borrow under the Five-Year Facility is conditioned on the
satisfaction of certain legal, operating, administrative and financial
covenants and other requirements contained in the Five-Year Facility. These include
covenants relating to our maintenance of a specified total consolidated net
worth and total consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization. Failure
to satisfy these and other requirements contained in the Five-Year Facility
would restrict our access to the Five-Year Facility and could have a material
adverse effect on our      

187   

TABLE OF CONTENTS              

Item 2 /          
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES         

financial condition, results of
operations and liquidity. We expect to borrow under the Five-Year Facility from
time to time, and may use the proceeds for general corporate purposes.  

     Contractual Obligations   

The following table
summarizes contractual obligations in total, and by remaining maturity:   

(a) Primarily includes contracts to purchase future services
and other capital expenditures.  

  (b) Does not reflect unrecognized tax benefits of $4.5
billion, the timing of which is uncertain.    

  Loss Reserves  

Loss reserves relate to our Non-Life Insurance Companies
and represent future losses and loss adjustment expense payments estimated
based on historical loss development payment patterns. Due to the significance
of the assumptions used, the payments by period presented above could be
materially different from actual required payments. We believe that our
Non-Life Insurance Companies maintain adequate financial resources to meet the
actual required payments under these obligations.  

  Insurance and
Investment Contract Liabilities  

Insurance and investment contract liabilities, including
GIC liabilities, relate to our Life Insurance Companies. These liabilities
include various investment-type products with contractually scheduled
maturities, including periodic payments. These liabilities also include benefit
and claim liabilities, of which a significant portion represents policies and
contracts that do not have stated contractual maturity dates and may not result
in any future payment obligations. For these policies and contracts (i) we
are not currently making payments until the occurrence of an insurable event,
such as death or disability, (ii) payments are conditional on survivorship
or (iii) payment may occur due to a surrender or other non-scheduled event
beyond our control.  

188   

TABLE OF CONTENTS              

Item 2 /          
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES         

We have made significant assumptions
to determine the estimated undiscounted cash flows of these contractual policy
benefits. These assumptions include mortality, morbidity, future lapse rates,
expenses, investment returns and interest crediting rates, offset by expected
future deposits and premiums on in-force policies. Due to the significance of
the assumptions, the periodic amounts presented could be materially different
from actual required payments. The amounts presented in this table are
undiscounted and exceed the future policy benefits and policyholder contract
deposits included in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

  We believe that our Life Insurance Companies have adequate
financial resources to meet the payments actually required under these
obligations. These subsidiaries have substantial liquidity in the form of cash
and short-term investments. In addition, our Life Insurance Companies maintain
significant levels of investment grade rated fixed maturity securities,
including substantial holdings in government and corporate bonds, and could
seek to monetize those holdings in the event operating cash flows are
insufficient. We expect liquidity needs related to GIC liabilities to be funded
through cash flows generated from maturities and sales of invested assets.   

   Borrowings   

Our borrowings exclude those incurred by consolidated
investments and include hybrid financial instrument liabilities recorded at
fair value. We expect to repay the long-term debt maturities and interest
accrued on borrowings by AIG through maturing investments and dispositions of
invested assets, future cash flows from operations, cash flows generated from
invested assets, future debt issuance and other financing arrangements. Borrowings
supported by assets of AIG include various notes and bonds payable as well as
GIAs that are supported by cash and investments held by AIG Parent and certain
non-insurance subsidiaries for the repayment of those obligations.  

     Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements and Commercial Commitments   

The
following table summarizes Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Commercial
Commitments in total, and by remaining maturity:   

189   

TABLE OF CONTENTS              

Item 2 /          
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES         

(a) Includes $640 million of Standby
letters of credit associated with Ascot, which is reported as held for sale.  See
Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.   

   (b) Includes construction guarantees
connected to affordable housing investments by our Life Insurance Companies.
Excludes potential amounts for indemnification obligations included in asset
sales agreements.    See Note 10 to the Condensed   
     Consolidated Financial Statements for further
information on indemnification obligations.   

   (c)  Includes commitments to invest
in private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds and commitments to
purchase and develop real estate in the United States and abroad. The
commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds are
called at the discretion of each fund, as needed for funding new investments or
expenses of the fund. The expiration of these commitments is estimated in the
table above based on the expected life cycle of the related fund, consistent
with past trends of requirements for funding. Investors under these commitments
are primarily insurance and real estate subsidiaries.   

   (d) Does not include guarantees,
CMAs or other support arrangements among AIG consolidated entities.    

   (e) Primarily represents liquidity
facilities provided in connection with certain municipal swap transactions and
collateralized bond obligations.   

   (f)  Includes a five-year senior
unsecured revolving credit facility of up to $500 million between AerCap
Ireland Capital Limited, as borrower, and AIG Parent, as lender (the AerCap
Credit Facility) scheduled to mature in May 2019.     The AerCap Credit Facility permits loans for general
corporate purposes. At September 30, 2016, no amounts were outstanding under
the AerCap Credit Facility.   

   (g) Excludes commitments with
respect to pension plans. The remaining annual pension contribution for 2016 is
expected to be approximately $19 million for U.S. and non-U.S. plans.   

  Arrangements with Variable Interest
Entities   

We enter into various arrangements with variable interest
entities (VIEs) in the normal course of business, and we consolidate a VIE when
we are the primary beneficiary of the entity.  For a further discussion of our involvement
with VIEs, see Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

  Indemnification Agreements  

We are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity
arrangements in connection with our sales of businesses. These arrangements may
be triggered by declines in asset values, specified business contingencies, the
realization of contingent liabilities, litigation developments, or breaches of
representations, warranties or covenants provided by us. These arrangements are
typically subject to time limitations, defined by contract or by operation of
law, such as by prevailing statutes of limitation. Depending on the specific
terms of the arrangements, the maximum potential obligation may or may not be
subject to contractual limitations. For additional information regarding our
indemnification agreements, see Note 10 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.  

  We have recorded liabilities for certain of these
arrangements where it is possible to estimate them. These liabilities are not
material in the aggregate. We are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of
the maximum potential payout under some of these arrangements. Overall, we believe
that it is unlikely we will have to make any material payments under these
arrangements.   

190   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES    

Debt   

The following table
provides the rollforward of AIG s total debt outstanding:   

(a)  AIG Parent guarantees all such debt, except for MIP
notes payable and Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable, which are
direct obligations of AIG Parent. Collateral posted to third parties was $2.3
billion and $2.4 billion at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively.  This collateral primarily consists of securities of the U.S.
government and government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged
or resold by the counterparties.   

  (b)  Primarily represents adjustments to the fair value of
debt.  

  (c)  At September 30, 2016, includes debt of
consolidated investment vehicles related to real estate investments of $1.7
billion, affordable housing partnership investments of $1.7 billion and other
securitization vehicles of $781 million. At December 31, 2015, includes
debt of consolidated investment vehicles related to real estate investments of
$2.4 billion, affordable housing partnership investments of $1.5 billion and
other securitization vehicles of $1.0 billion.   

  (d)  Includes the effect of consolidating previously
unconsolidated partnerships.  

  (e)  Includes debt issuance costs of $90 million and $101 million
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. See Note 2 to the
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

  (f)  Includes $1.2 billion related to certain real estate
investments that were reclassified to Liabilities held for sale at September 30,
2016.     See Note 4 to the
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.   

191   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES    

Total DEBT
OUTSTANDING    

   (in millions)   

Debt Maturities   

The following table summarizes maturing debt at
September 30, 2016 of AIG (excluding $4.2 billion of borrowings of
consolidated investments) for the next four quarters:   

192   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES    

The following table presents maturities of long-term debt
(including unamortized original issue discounts and debt issuance cost, hedge
accounting valuation adjustments and fair value adjustments, when applicable),
excluding $4.2 billion in borrowings of consolidated investments:    

Credit Ratings   

Credit ratings
estimate a company s ability to meet its obligations and may directly affect
the cost and availability of financing to that company.    The following table
presents the credit ratings of AIG and certain of its subsidiaries as of
October 28, 2016. Figures in parentheses indicate the relative ranking of the
ratings within the agency s rating categories; that ranking refers only to the
major rating category and not to the modifiers assigned by the rating agencies.

Short-Term Debt   

Senior Long-Term Debt   

Moody s  

S P  

Moody s (a)   

S P (b)   

Fitch (c)   

AIG  

P-2 (2nd of 3)   

A-2 (2nd of 8)   

Baa 1 (4th of 9)   

A- (3rd of 8)   

BBB+ (4th of 9)   

Stable Outlook    

Stable Outlook    

Negative Outlook    

Stable Outlook    

AIG Financial Products
  Corp. (d)   

P-2    

A-2   

Baa 1    

A-   

-   

Stable Outlook    

Stable Outlook    

Negative Outlook    

(a) Moody s appends
numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to the generic rating categories to show
relative position within the rating categories.   

   (b) S P ratings may be
modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing
within the major rating categories.   

   (c)  Fitch ratings may be
modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing
within the major rating categories.   

   (d) AIG guarantees all
obligations of AIG Financial Products Corp.   

   These credit ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies.
They may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies
as a result of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other
circumstances. Ratings may also be withdrawn at our request.   

   We are party to some agreements that contain  ratings triggers. 
Depending on the ratings maintained by one or more rating agencies, these
triggers could result in (i) the termination or limitation of credit
availability or a requirement for accelerated repayment, (ii) the termination
of business contracts or (iii) a requirement to post collateral for the benefit
of counterparties.   

193   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES    

In the event of adverse actions on our
long-term debt ratings by the major rating agencies, AIGFP and certain other
AIG entities would be required to post additional collateral under some
derivative transactions or could experience termination of the transactions.
Such requirements and terminations could adversely affect our business, our
consolidated results of operations in a reporting period or our liquidity. In
the event of a further downgrade of AIG s long-term senior debt ratings, AIGFP
and certain other AIG entities would be required to post additional collateral,
and certain of the counterparties of AIGFP or of such other AIG entities would
be permitted to terminate their contracts early.   

   The actual amount of collateral that we would be required to post
to counterparties in the event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of
payments that we could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the
fair value of outstanding affected transactions and other factors prevailing at
the time of the downgrade.    

   For a discussion of the effects of downgrades in the financial
strength ratings of our insurance companies or our credit ratings, see Note 9
to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements herein and Part I,
Item 1A. Risk Factors   Liquidity, Capital and Credit in our 2015 Annual
Report.         

       Regulation and
Supervision   

For a discussion of our regulation and supervision by
different regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, including
with respect to our liquidity and capital resources, see Part 1, Item 1.
Business   Regulation and Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors   Regulation in our
2015 Annual Report, Part 1, Item 2. MD A   Regulatory Environment and Part
II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended March 31, 2016, Part I, Item 2. MD A   Regulatory
Environment  and Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016, and Part I, Item 2. MD A
  Regulatory Environment in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

   Dividends
and Repurchases of AIG Common Stock   

On February 11, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a
cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on March 28, 2016
to shareholders of record on March 14, 2016. On May 2, 2016, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share,
payable on June 27, 2016 to shareholders of record on June 13, 2016.         On August 2, 2016, our Board of Directors declared
a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on September
29, 2016 to shareholders of record on September 15, 2016. On November 2, 2016,
our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32
per share, payable on December 22, 2016 to shareholders of record on December
8, 2016.    The payment of any future dividends will be
at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on various factors,
including the regulatory framework applicable to us, as discussed further in    Note 16
   to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2015
Annual Report.   

   Our Board of Directors has
authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of
actions. On November 2, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized an additional
increase of $3.0 billion to the share repurchase authorization, resulting in an
aggregate remaining authorization on such date of approximately $4.4 billion.
Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market, private
purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic
repurchase transactions or otherwise (including through the purchase of
warrants).  Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from time to
time be effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing
of any future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors, including the
regulatory framework applicable to us.     

   During the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, we repurchased approximately 153 million shares of AIG
Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $8.5 billion
pursuant to this authorization, and we repurchased 15 million warrants to
purchase shares of AIG Common Stock, for an aggregate purchase price of $263
million pursuant to this authorization. Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1
repurchase plans, from October 1 to November 2, 2016, we repurchased
approximately $946 million of additional shares of AIG Common Stock.    

194   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES    

Div  ide  nd Restrictions   

Payments of dividends to AIG
by its insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions imposed by
regulatory authorities. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
the 2015 Annual Report for a discussion of restrictions on payments of
dividends by our subsidiaries.  

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT  

Risk
management includes the identification and measurement of various forms of
risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation of processes
intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while optimizing returns. We
consider risk management an integral part of managing our core businesses and a
key element of our approach to corporate governance.  

   Overview   

We have an integrated process
for managing risks throughout our organization in accordance with our firm wide
risk appetite. Our Board of Directors has oversight responsibility for the
management of risk. Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Department supervises
and integrates the risk management functions in each of our business units,
providing senior management with a consolidated view of the firm s major risk
positions. Within each business unit, senior leaders and executives approve
risk taking policies and targeted risk tolerance within the framework
provided by ERM. ERM supports our businesses and management in the embedding of
enterprise risk management in our key day-to-day business processes and in
identifying, assessing, quantifying, managing, monitoring and reporting, and
mitigating the risks taken by us and our businesses. Nevertheless, our risk
management efforts may not always be successful and material adverse effects on
our business, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or financial
condition may occur.  

  For a further discussion of AIG s risk management program,
see Part II, Item 7. MD A   Enterprise Risk Management in the 2015
Annual Report.  

     Credit Risk Management   

Overview  

Credit risk is defined as the risk that our customers or
counterparties are unable or unwilling to repay their contractual obligations
when they become due. Credit risk may also result from a downgrade of a
counterparty s credit ratings or a widening of its credit spreads.  

  We devote considerable resources to managing our direct and
indirect credit exposures. These exposures may arise from, but are not limited
to, fixed income investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper
investments, reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate
and consumer loans, leases, reinsurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising
from derivatives activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance
risk cessions to third parties, financial guarantees and letters of credit.   

  We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk
concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations,
whether funded or unfunded. To minimize the level of credit risk in some
circumstances, we may require mitigants, such as third party guarantees,
reinsurance or collateral, including commercial bank-issued letters of credit
and trust      

195   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT    

collateral accounts. We treat these
guarantees, reinsurance recoverables, and letters of credit as credit exposure
and include them in our risk concentration exposure data. We also monitor
closely the quality of any trust collateral accounts.   

  See Investments   Available for Sale Investments herein for
further information on our credit concentrations and credit exposures.  

     Market Risk Management   

Market risk is defined
as the risk of adverse impact due to systemic movements in one or more of the
following market risk drivers:  equity and commodity prices, residential and
commercial real estate values, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange,
inflation, and their levels of volatility.   

  We are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment and
other financial services businesses that generate market risk, directly and
indirectly. We are exposed to market risks primarily within our insurance and
capital markets activities, on both the asset and liability side of our balance
sheet through on and off-balance sheet exposures. The chief risk officer within
each business is responsible for creating a framework to properly identify
these risks, then ensuring that they are appropriately measured, monitored and
managed in accordance with the risk governance framework established by the
Chief Market Risk Officer (CMRO).   

  The scope and
magnitude of our market risk exposures is managed under a robust framework that
contains documented risk-taking authorities, defined risk limits and minimum
standards for managing market risk in a manner consistent with our Risk
Appetite Statement. Our market risk management framework focuses on quantifying
the financial repercussions of changes in these broad market observables, as
opposed to from the idiosyncratic risks associated with individual assets that
are addressed through our credit risk management function.  

  Risk Identification  

Market risk focuses on quantifying the financial
repercussions of changes in broad, external, predominantly market observable
risks. Financial repercussions can include an adverse impact on results of
operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital.  

  Each of the following systemic risks is considered a market
risk:  

   Equity prices.     We are exposed to changes in equity
market prices affecting a variety of instruments. Changes in equity prices can
affect the valuation of publicly-traded equity shares, investments in private
equity, hedge funds and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other
equity-linked capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance
products, including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities,
universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance.  

   Residential and commercial real estate values.     Our
investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of changing values in a variety
of residential and commercial real estate investments. Changes in
residential/commercial real estate prices can affect the valuation of
residential/commercial mortgages, residential/commercial mortgage backed
securities and other structured securities with underlying assets that include
residential/commercial mortgages: trusts that include residential/commercial
real estate and/or mortgages, residential mortgage insurance contracts and
commercial real estate investments.   

   Interest rates.     Interest rate risk can arise from a
mismatch in the interest rate exposure of assets versus liabilities. Lower
interest rates generally result in lower investment income and make certain of our
product offerings less attractive to investors. Conversely, higher interest
rates are typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. However, when rates
rise quickly, there can be a temporary asymmetric GAAP accounting effect where
the existing securities lose market value, which is largely reported in Other
comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease in the value of related
liabilities may not be recognized. Changes in interest rates can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities, insurance
contracts including but not limited to fixed rate annuities, variable annuities
and derivative contracts.  

196   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT    

Credit spreads.     Credit
spreads measure an instrument s risk premium or yield relative to that of a
comparable duration, default free instrument. Changes in credit spreads
can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, including but not
limited to corporate bonds, ABS, mortgage-backed securities, AIG-issued debt
obligations, credit derivatives and derivative credit valuation adjustments.
Much like higher interest rates, wider credit spreads with unchanged default
losses mean more investment income in the long term. In the short term,
quickly rising spreads will cause a loss in the value of existing fixed
maturity securities, which is largely reported in Other comprehensive income. A
precipitous rise in credit spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in
the credit worthiness of bond obligors, potentially resulting in default
losses.  

   Foreign exchange (FX) rates.     We are a globally
diversified enterprise with significant income, assets and liabilities
denominated in, and significant capital deployed in, a variety of currencies.
Changes in FX rates can affect the valuation of a broad range of balance sheet
and income statement items as well as the settlement of cash flows exchanged in
specific transactions.   

   Commodity Prices.     Changes in commodity prices (the
value of commodities) can affect the valuation of publicly traded
commodities, commodity indices and derivatives on commodities and commodity
indices. We are exposed to commodity prices primarily through their impact on
the prices and credit quality of commodity producers  debt and equity
securities in our investment portfolio.  

   Inflation.     Changes in inflation can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, including AIG-issued debt obligations,
derivatives and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation indices, and
insurance contracts where the claims are linked to inflation either explicitly,
via indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage levels.  

  Risk Measurement  

Our market risk measurement framework was developed with
the main objective of communicating the range and scale of our market risk
exposures. At the firm wide level market risk is measured in a manner
that is consistent with AIG s Risk Appetite Statement. This is designed to
ensure that we remain within our stated risk tolerance levels and can determine
how much additional market risk taking capacity is available within our framework.
Our risk appetite is currently defined in terms of capital and liquidity
levels. At the market risk level, the framework measures our overall exposure
to each systemic market risk change on an economic basis.  

  In addition, we continue to use enhanced economic, GAAP
accounting and statutory capital based risk measures at the market risk
level, business unit level and firm wide levels. This process aims
to ensure that we have a comprehensive view of the impact of our market risk
exposures.  

We use a number of approaches to measure our market risk
  exposure, including:   

Sensitivity analysis.    Sensitivity
  analysis measures the impact from a unit change in a market risk input.
  Examples of such sensitivities include a one basis point increase in yield on
  fixed maturity securities, a one basis point increase in credit spreads of
  fixed maturity securities, and a one percent increase in prices of equity
  securities.  
     Scenario
  analysis.       Scenario analysis uses
  historical, hypothetical, or forward looking macroeconomic scenarios to
  assess and report exposures. Examples of hypothetical scenarios include a 100
  basis point parallel shift in the yield curve or a 20 percent immediate
  and simultaneous decrease in world wide equity markets. Scenarios may
  also utilize a stochastic framework to arrive at a probability distribution
  of losses.  
     Stress
  testing.       Stress testing is a
  special form of scenario analysis in which the scenarios are designed to lead
  to a material adverse outcome. Examples of such scenarios include the stock
  market crash of October 1987 or the widening of yields or spreads of RMBS or
  CMBS during 2008.  

197   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT    

Market Risk Sensitivities  

The following table provides estimates of our
sensitivity to changes in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency
exchange rates:   

(a)        At September 30, 2016, the
analysis covered $296.6 billion of $311.9 billion interest-rate sensitive
assets. Excluded were $8.1 billion of loans and $3.6 billion of investments in
life settlements. In addition, $3.6 billion of assets across various asset
categories were excluded due to modeling limitations. At December 31, 2015, the
analysis covered $279.6 billion of $298.7 billion interest-rate sensitive assets.
Excluded were $10.7 billion of loans and $3.6 billion of investments in life
settlements. In addition, $4.8 billion of assets across various asset
categories were excluded due to modeling limitations.    

  (b)        The majority of the foreign
currency exposure is reported on a one quarter lag.  

  Foreign currency-denominated net asset position reflects
our consolidated non U.S. dollar assets less our consolidated non U.S
dollar liabilities on a GAAP basis. We use a bottom-up approach in managing our
foreign currency exchange rate exposures with the objective of protecting
statutory capital at the regulated insurance entity level. At the AIG Parent
level, we monitor our foreign currency exposures against single currency and
aggregate currency portfolio limits.   

  Our foreign currency-denominated net asset position at
September 30, 2016, decreased by $1.3 billion compared to December 31, 2015. The
decrease was mostly due to a $1.7 billion decrease in our Hong Kong dollar
position, primarily resulting from the sale of our Non-Life Insurance
Companies  PICC Investment, partially offset by a $286 million increase in our
Japanese yen position due to yen strengthening.   

  For illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities
based on a 100 basis point increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline
in equities and alternative assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all
foreign currency exchange rates against the      

198   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT    

U.S.
dollar. The estimated results presented in the table above should not be taken
as a prediction, but only as a demonstration of the potential effects of such
events.   

     Liquidity Risk Management     

Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that our financial
condition will be adversely affected by the inability or perceived inability to
meet our short-term cash, collateral or other financial obligations. Failure to
appropriately manage liquidity risk can result in insolvency, reduced operating
flexibility, increased costs, reputational harm and regulatory action.   

  AIG and its legal entities seek to maintain sufficient
liquidity during both the normal course of business and under defined liquidity
stress scenarios to ensure that sufficient cash will be available to meet the
obligations as they come due.  

  AIG liquidity risk tolerance levels are designed to allow
it to meet its obligations over a twelve month horizon consistent with its risk
appetite. We maintain minimum levels for required liquidity and/or minimum
coverage ratios expected to ensure that our short-term financial obligations
are met under varying market conditions. If we project that we will breach
these tolerances, we will assess and determine appropriate liquidity management
actions. However, the market conditions in effect at that time may not permit
us to achieve an increase in liquidity sources or a reduction in liquidity
requirements.  

  Risk Identification  

The following sources of liquidity and funding risks could
impact our ability to meet short-term financial obligations as they come due.    

Market/Monetization Risk: Assets cannot be readily transformed
into cash due to unfavorable market conditions. Market liquidity risk may limit
our ability to sell assets at reasonable values to meet liquidity needs or
cause us to realize losses exceeding our expectations.     

Cash Flow Mismatch Risk: Discrete and cumulative cash flow
mismatches or gaps over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse
business conditions may create future liquidity shortfalls.  

Event Funding Risk: Additional funding may be required as the
result of a trigger event and may result from a downgrade in credit ratings, a
market event, or some other event that creates a funding obligation or limits
existing funding options.   

Financing Risk: We may be unable to raise additional cash on a
secured or unsecured basis due to unfavorable market conditions, AIG-specific
issues, or any other issue that impedes access to additional funding.  

  Risk Measurement  

Comprehensive cash flow projections under normal conditions
are the primary component for identifying and measuring liquidity risk. We
produce comprehensive liquidity projections over varying time horizons that
incorporate all relevant liquidity sources and uses and include known and
likely cash inflows and outflows. In addition, we perform stress testing by
identifying liquidity stress scenarios and assessing the effects of these
scenarios on our cash flow and liquidity.  

199   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT    

We use a
  number of approaches to measure  our  liquidity  risk exposure, including:   

Target Liquidity Range:   
  Target Liquidity Range specifies the amount of assets required to be
  maintained in specific liquidity portfolios to meet obligations as they arise
  over a twelve month horizon under stressed liquidity conditions.    
     Coverage Ratios:   
  Coverage Ratios measure the adequacy of available liquidity sources,
  including the ability to monetize assets to meet the forecasted cash flows
  over a specified time horizon. The portfolio of potential assets to be
  monetized is selected based on our ability to convert those assets into cash
  under the assumed market conditions and within the specified time horizon.   
     Cash Flow Forecasts:   
  Cash Flow Forecasts measure the liquidity needed for a specific legal entity
  over a specified time horizon.  
     Stress
  Testing:    Coverage Ratios are re-measured under defined liquidity stress
  scenarios that will impact net cash flows, liquid assets and/or other funding
  sources.  

Relevant liquidity reporting is produced and reported
regularly to AIG Parent and business unit risk committees. The frequency,
content, and nature of reporting will vary for each business unit and legal
entity, based on its complexity, risk profile, activities and size.  

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES  

The preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the application of
accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment.  

The
  accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the application of
  estimates and assumptions, which are critical accounting estimates, are related
  to the determination of:   

income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net
  deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating
  profitability of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax
  asset;  
          
    liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses;  
          
    reinsurance assets;  
          
    valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent
  of loss recognition;  
          
    valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable
  annuity products;  
          
    estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs for
  investment-oriented products;  
          
    impairment charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on
  available for sale securities, impairments on other invested assets,
  including investments in life settlements, and goodwill impairment;  
          
    liability for legal contingencies; and  
          
    fair value measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities.  

These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions
about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To
the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our
consolidated financial condition, results of      

200   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES    

operations
and cash flows could be materially affected. For a complete discussion of our
critical accounting estimates, you should read Part II, Item 7. MD A  
Critical Accounting Estimates in the 2015 Annual Report.   

REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT  

Our operations around the world are subject to regulation by
many different types of regulatory authorities, including insurance,
securities, derivatives, investment advisory and thrift regulators in the
United States and abroad.  

  Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and
supervision by the states and jurisdictions in which they do business. The
insurance and financial services industries generally have been subject to
heightened regulatory scrutiny and supervision in recent years.  

  On June 3, 2016, the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (FRB) issued for public comment a notice of proposed rulemaking
(NPR) on enhanced prudential standards that would require insurer nonbank
SIFIs, such as AIG, to comply with a corporate governance and risk-management
standard and a liquidity risk management standard.  These proposed standards
build on the FRB s current guidance for large financial institutions supervised
by the FRB and have been tailored to insurance companies.  The comment
period has now closed and we anticipate that the FRB will adopt a final rule in
due course after evaluating all comments received. Under the proposal, the
insurer nonbank SIFIs would have at least twelve months to comply.  

  On June 3, 2016, the FRB also released for public comment
an advance notice of proposed rulemaking (ANPR) outlining two conceptual
insurance group capital frameworks that could apply to insurance groups
supervised by the FRB a building block approach, proposed for insurance
institutions that are savings and loan holding companies or bank holding
companies by virtue of owning depository institutions, and a consolidated
approach for insurer nonbank SIFIs, such as AIG.  In general, the
consolidated approach would consolidate an insurance company s assets and
insurance liabilities into risk segments tailored to account for the liability
structure and unique features of the insurance company, apply risk factors to
each segment and then set minimum capital requirements. The ANPR does not
provide details on specific risk weights, risk factors, capital adequacy ratios
and other important elements that could be applied to AIG under the
consolidated approach, and we cannot predict how such an approach, if applied
to AIG, would affect our business, results of operations, financial condition
or capital requirements. The comment period has now closed and we anticipate
that the FRB will issue a notice of proposed rulemaking in due course after
evaluating all comments received.  

On June 23, 2016, the UK held a
referendum in which a majority voted for the UK to withdraw its membership in
the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit. The referendum is advisory, and the
terms of withdrawal are subject to a formal negotiation period which, as
publicly stated by the UK Prime Minister, is expected to be triggered by the
end of March 2017, and could, by treaty, last up to two years. It is not clear
at this stage (and may not be for some time) what form the UK s future
relationship with the remaining EU member states will take. We have significant
operations and employees in the UK and other EU member states, including AIG
Europe Ltd. (AEL), which enjoys certain benefits based on the UK s membership
in the EU. Depending on the final terms of the UK exit, we may be required to
reorganize our operations and legal entity structure in the UK and the EU in a
manner that could be less efficient and more expensive.     

In addition to the information set forth in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, our regulatory status is also discussed in Part I, Item 2.
MD A   Regulatory Environment and Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016,
Part I, Item 2. MD A   Regulatory Environment and Part II, Item 1A. Risk
Factors in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March
31, 2016, and in Part I, Item 1. Business   Regulation, Part I, Item 1A. Risk
Factors   Regulation and Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
the 2015 Annual Report.  

201   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       GLOSSARY    

GLOSSARY  

Accident year    The annual calendar
accounting period in which loss events occurred, regardless of when the losses
are actually reported, booked or paid.  

   Accident year combined
ratio, as adjusted   
The combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums,
prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting.   

   Accident year loss
ratio, as adjusted   
The loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums,
prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting.   

   Acquisition ratio    Acquisition costs
divided by net premiums earned.  Acquisition costs are those costs
incurred to acquire new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the
amortization of VOBA and DAC. Acquisition costs vary with sales and include,
but are not limited to, commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs,
certain costs of personnel engaged in sales support activities such as
underwriting.   

   Base Spread    Net investment income
excluding income from alternative investments and enhancements, less interest
credited excluding amortization of sales inducement assets.  

   Base Yield    Net investment income excluding income from
alternative investments and enhancements, as a percentage of average base
invested asset portfolio, which excludes alternative investments, other bond
securities and certain other investments for which the fair value option has
been elected.  

   Book Value Per Common
Share, Excluding AOCI         and Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI and DTA    are non-GAAP measures
and are used to show the amount of our net worth on a per-share basis. Book
Value Per Common Share, Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing Total AIG
shareholders  equity, excluding AOCI, by Total common shares outstanding.  
  Book Value Per
Common Share, Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by dividing Total AIG
shareholders  equity, excluding AOCI and DTA, by Total common shares
outstanding.    

   Casualty insurance    Insurance that is
primarily associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e.,
not the insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result.  

   Combined ratio    Sum of the loss ratio
and the acquisition and general operating expense ratios.  

   CSA        Credit Support
Annex     A legal document generally associated with an ISDA Master Agreement
that provides for collateral postings which could vary depending on ratings and
threshold levels.  

   CVA      Credit Valuation
Adjustment     The
CVA adjusts the valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of
our counterparty with respect to all net derivative assets positions. Also, the
CVA reflects the fair value movement in AIGFP's asset portfolio that is
attributable to credit movements only, without the impact of other market factors
such as interest rates and foreign exchange rates. Finally, the CVA also
accounts for our own credit risk in the fair value measurement of all
derivative net liability positions and liabilities where AIG has elected the
fair value option, when appropriate.   

   DAC        Deferred Policy
Acquisition Costs     Deferred costs that are incremental and directly related
to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business.  

   DAC Related to
Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments     An adjustment to DAC
for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in DAC amortization that
would have been recorded if fixed maturity and equity securities available for
sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested
at current yields (also referred to as  shadow DAC ).  

   Deferred Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance     Retroactive
reinsurance is a reinsurance contract in which an assuming entity agrees to
reimburse a ceding entity for liabilities incurred as a result of past
insurable events. If the amount of premium paid by the ceding reinsurer is less
than the related ceded loss reserves, the resulting gain is deferred and
amortized over the settlement period of the reserves. Any related development
on the ceded loss reserves recoverable under the contract would increase the
deferred gain if unfavorable, or decrease the deferred gain if favorable.  

   Expense ratio    Sum of acquisition
expenses and general operating expenses, divided by net premiums earned.  

   First-Lien     Priority over all
other liens or claims on a property in the event of default on a mortgage.   

202   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       GLOSSARY    

General
operating expense ratio    General operating expenses divided by net premiums
earned. General operating expenses are those costs that are generally
attributed to the support infrastructure of the organization and include but
are not limited to personnel costs, projects and bad debt expenses. General
operating expenses exclude losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred,
acquisition expenses, and investment expenses.  

   GIC/GIA       Guaranteed
Investment Contract/Guaranteed Investment Agreement     A contract whereby the
seller provides a guaranteed repayment of principal and a fixed or floating
interest rate for a predetermined period of time.  

   G-SII        Global
Systemically Important Insurer     An insurer that is deemed globally
systemically important (that is, of such size, market importance and global
interconnectedness that the distress or failure of the insurer would cause
significant dislocation in the global financial system and adverse economic
consequences across a range of countries) by the Financial Stability Board, in
consultation with and based on a methodology developed by the International
Association of Insurance Supervisors.  

   IBNR        Incurred But Not
Reported     Estimates of claims that have been incurred but not reported to
us.  

   ISDA Master Agreement     An agreement between
two counterparties, which may have multiple derivative transactions with each
other governed by such agreement, that generally provides for the net settlement
of all or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as
pledged collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the
event of a default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a
termination event affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative
transactions.  

   LAE      Loss Adjustment
Expenses    
The expenses of settling claims, including legal and other fees and the portion
of general expenses allocated to claim settlement costs.  

   Loss Ratio    Losses and loss adjustment
expenses incurred divided by net premiums earned. Loss adjustment expenses are
directly attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and include, but
are not limited to, legal fees, adjuster s fees, and claims department
personnel costs.  

   Loss reserve
development    
The increase or decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses as a
result of the re-estimation of liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses at successive valuation dates for a given group of claims.  

   Loss reserves     Liability for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses. The estimated ultimate cost of settling
claims relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance
sheet date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date.  

   LTV        Loan-to-Value
Ratio     Principal amount of loan amount divided by appraised value of
collateral securing the loan.  

   Master netting
agreement    
An agreement between two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts
with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered
by such agreement, as well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in
a single currency, in the event of default on or upon termination of any one
such contract.  

   Natural catastrophe
losses    are
generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of $10
million each.       Catastrophes also include certain man-made events, such as
terrorism and civil disorders that meet the $10 million threshold.  

   Net premiums written     Represent the sales
of an insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a
given period. Net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering
risk during a given period. Net premiums written are a measure of performance
for a sales period, while Net premiums earned are a measure of performance for
a coverage period.  

   Nonbank SIFI        Nonbank
Systemically Important Financial Institutions     Financial institutions are
deemed nonbank systemically important (that is, the failure of the financial
institution could pose a threat to the financial stability of the United
States) by the Financial Stability Oversight Council based on a three-stage
analytical process.  

   Noncontrolling
interest    
The portion of equity ownership in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable
to the controlling parent company.  

   Operating revenue    excludes Net realized
capital gains (losses), income from non-operating litigation settlements
(included in Other income for GAAP purposes) and changes in fair value of
securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (included in Net investment
income for GAAP purposes).  

   Policy fees     An amount added to a
policy premium, or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder
account, to reflect the cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required
records, sending premium notices and other related expenses.  

203   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       GLOSSARY    

Pool
    A
reinsurance arrangement whereby all of the underwriting results of the pool
members are combined and then shared by each member in accordance with its pool
participation percentage.   

   Premiums and deposits
  Institutional Markets    include direct and assumed amounts received and earned
on group benefit policies and life-contingent payout annuities, and deposits
received on investment-type annuity contracts, including GICs.  

   Premiums and deposits
  Retirement    and    
  Life   
include direct and assumed amounts received on traditional life insurance
policies and group benefit policies, and deposits on life-contingent payout
annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type
annuity contracts and mutual funds.  

   Prior year
development       Increase
(referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve strengthening) or
decrease (referred to as favorable development) in estimates of losses and loss
expenses for prior years that is included in earnings.  

   RBC      Risk-Based Capital     A formula designed to
measure the adequacy of an insurer s statutory surplus compared to the risks
inherent in its business.  

   Reinstatement premium     Additional premiums
payable to reinsurers to restore coverage limits that have been exhausted as a
result of reinsured losses under certain excess of loss reinsurance treaties.  

   Reinsurance     The practice whereby
one insurer, the reinsurer, in consideration of a premium paid to that insurer,
agrees to indemnify another insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the
liability of the ceding company under one or more policies or contracts of
insurance which it has issued.  

   Rescission     Denial of claims and
termination of coverage on loans related to fraudulent or undocumented claims,
underwriting guideline violations and other deviations from contractual terms.  

   Retroactive
Reinsurance    
See
Deferred Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance.  

   Return on Equity  
After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI and Return on Equity   After-tax
Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA    are non-GAAP measures and       are used to
show the rate of return on shareholders  equity. Return on Equity   After-tax
Operating Income Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing actual or annualized
after-tax operating income attributable to AIG by average AIG shareholders 
equity, excluding average AOCI. Return on Equity   After-tax Operating Income
Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by dividing actual or annualized after-tax
operating income attributable to AIG by average AIG shareholders  equity,
excluding average AOCI and DTA.        

   Salvage       The amount that can be
recovered by us for the sale of damaged goods for which our policyholder has
been indemnified (and to which title was transferred to us).  

   Second-lien     Subordinate in
ranking to the first-lien holder claims on a property in the event of default
on a mortgage.  

   Severe losses     Individual
non-catastrophe first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million,
net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.  Severe losses include
claims related to satellite explosions, plane crashes, and shipwrecks.  

   SIA        Sales Inducement
Asset     Represents enhanced crediting rates or bonus payments to contract
holders on certain annuity and investment contract products that meet the
criteria to be deferred and amortized over the life of the contract.  

   Solvency II     Legislation in the
European Union which reforms the insurance industry s solvency framework,
including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance requirements,
risk management and public reporting standards.  The Solvency II Directive
(2009/138/EEC) was adopted on November 25, 2009 and became effective on January
1, 2016.  

   Subrogation     The amount of recovery
for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a negligent third
party or such party s insurer.        

   Surrender charge     A charge levied
against an investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or
annuity contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement.   

   Surrender rate    represents annualized
surrenders and withdrawals as a percentage of average account value.  

   Unearned premium
reserve     Liabilities
established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect unearned premiums, which are
usually refundable to policyholders if an insurance or reinsurance contract is
canceled prior to expiration of the contract term.  

   VOBA     Value of Business
Acquired  Present value of projected future gross profits from in-force
policies of acquired businesses  .   

204   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 2 /       ACRONYMS       

ACRONYMS  

ABS 
     Asset-Backed
  Securities  

GMWB     Guaranteed Minimum
  Withdrawal Benefits   

CDO 
     Collateralized
  Debt Obligations  

ISDA     International
  Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.  

CDS 
     Credit
  Default Swap  

Moody's    Moody's Investors 
  Service Inc.  

CMA 
     Capital
  Maintenance Agreement  

NAIC     National
  Association of Insurance Commissioners  

CMBS 
     Commercial
  Mortgage-Backed Securities  

NM     Not Meaningful  

FASB 
     Financial
  Accounting Standards Board  

RMBS     Residential
  Mortgage-Backed Securities  

FRBNY 
     Federal
  Reserve Bank of New York  

S P     Standard  
  Poor s Financial Services LLC  

GAAP 
     Accounting
  principles generally accepted in the United States of America  

SEC     Securities and
  Exchange Commission  

GMAB 
     Guaranteed
  Minimum Accumulation Benefits  

VIE     Variable Interest
  Entity  

GMIB     Guaranteed Minimum
  Income Benefits  

205   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Item 3 /       QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       

Item 3. /    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Included in Part I, Item 2.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   Enterprise Risk Management.  

Item
4. /    Controls and
Procedures  

Disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
Exchange Act) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In
connection with the preparation of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an
evaluation was carried out by AIG s management, with the participation of AIG s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of
AIG s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, AIG s Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that AIG s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.  

  There has been no change in AIG s internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, AIG s internal control
over financial reporting.  

206   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1
/    Legal Proceedings  

For a discussion of
legal proceedings, see Note 10 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.  

     Item 1A.   / Risk Factors    

In addition
to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you
should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part II, Item 1A. Risk
Factors in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended
March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our
2015 Annual Report.  

     ITEM 2 /    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS          

The following table provides the information with
respect to purchases made by or on behalf of AIG or any  affiliated purchaser  (as
defined in Rule 10b 18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934) of AIG Common Stock and warrants to purchase AIG Common Stock during the
three months ended September 30, 2016:   

* On November 2, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized an
additional increase to the repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of $3.0
billion, resulting in an aggregate remaining authorization on such date of
approximately $4.4 billion.          Shares may be repurchased from
time to time in the open market, private purchases, through forward,
derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or
otherwise (including through the purchase of warrants).  Certain of our share
repurchases have been and may from time to time be effected through Exchange
Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing of any future share repurchases
will depend on market conditions, our financial condition, results of
operations, liquidity and other factors, including the regulatory framework
applicable to us.   

   During the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased
approximately 40 million shares of AIG Common Stock under this authorization
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $2.3 billion.  Pursuant to Exchange
Act Rule 10b5-1 plans, from October 1 to November 2, 2016, we have repurchased
approximately $946 million of additional shares of AIG Common Stock.    

       Item 4 /    Mine Safety Disclosures      

Not applicable.  

     Item 6
/    Exhibits   

See accompanying
Exhibit Index.   

207   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

SIGNATURES   

    Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.   

(Registrant)  

/S/ SIDDHARTHA SANKARAN  

Siddhartha Sankaran  

Executive Vice President  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

/S/ ELIAS F. HABAYEB  

Elias F. Habayeb  

Senior Vice President,  

Deputy Chief Financial Officer and  

Group Controller  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

Dated:
November 3, 2016  

208   

TABLE OF CONTENTS            

EXHIBIT
INDEX    

Exhibit 
  Number   

Description   

Location   

10  

(1)   American
  International Group, Inc. 2012 Executive Severance Plan (as amended)*  

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG s
  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 2, 2016 (File No.
  1-8787).  

(2)   Amendment Letter to the Third Amended and Restated Credit
  Agreement, effective as of July 15, 2016, among AIG, the   
    subsidiary borrowers
  party thereto, the lenders party   
    thereto, JPMorgan Chase
  Bank, N.A., as Administrative   
    Agent, and each Several L/C Agent party
  thereto  

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
  to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 15, 2016 (File
  No. 1-8787).  

(3) Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of August 15, 2016
  between American International Group, Inc. and Arch Capital Group Ltd.  

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
  to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2016
  (File No. 1-8787).  

11  

Statement re: Computation of Per Share Earnings  

Included in Note 13 to the Condensed Consolidated
  Financial Statements.  

12  

Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges  

Filed herewith.  

31  

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications  

Filed herewith.  

32  

Section 1350 Certifications**  

Filed herewith.  

101  

Interactive data files pursuant to
  Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Condensed Consolidated
  Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
  (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine
  months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) the Condensed
  Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three and nine months ended
  September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements
  of Cash Flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
  and 2015, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of
  Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30,
  2016 and 2015 and (vi) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
  Financial Statements.  

Filed herewith.  

*    This
exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement.  

  **   This
information is furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.  

209   

<EX-12>
 2
 Exh12.htm
 EXHIBIT 12

Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed
Charges    

(a) From
continuing operations, excluding undistributed earnings (loss) from equity
method investments and capitalized interest.     

   (b) The Ratio of
earnings to fixed charges, excluding interest credited to policy and contract
holders, removes interest credited to guaranteed investment contract (GIC) policyholders
and guaranteed investment agreement (GIA) contract holders. Such interest expenses
are also removed from earnings used in this calculation. GICs and GIAs are
entered into by our subsidiaries. The proceeds from GICs and GIAs are invested
in a diversified portfolio of securities, primarily investment grade bonds. The
assets acquired yield rates greater than the rates on the related policyholders
obligation or contract, with the intent of earning a profit from the spread.   

1   

</EX-12>

<EX-31>
 3
 Exh31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

American International Group, Inc 

Exhibit 31   

   CERTIFICATIONS   

  I, Peter D. Hancock, certify that:  

  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of American International Group, Inc.;  

  2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;  

  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report;  

  4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

  (a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;  

  (b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;  

  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

  (d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

  5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

  (a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and  

  (b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

  Date: November 3, 2016  

/S/ PETER D.
  HANCOCK  

Peter D.
  Hancock  

President and
  Chief Executive Officer  

1   

CERTIFICATIONS   

  I, Siddhartha Sankaran, certify that:  

  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of American International Group, Inc.;  

  2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;  

  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report;  

  4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

  (a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;  

  (b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;  

  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

  (d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

  5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

  (a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and  

  (b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

  Date: November 3, 2016  

/S/ SIDDHARTHA SANKARAN  

Siddhartha Sankaran  

Executive Vice President and Chief
  Financial Officer  

2   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 Exh32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

American International Group, Inc 

Exhibit 32   

   CERTIFICATION   

  In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
American International Group, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the  Report ), I, Peter D. Hancock, President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that
to my knowledge:  

  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and  

  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company.  

  Date: November 3, 2016  

/S/ PETER D.
  HANCOCK  

Peter D.
  Hancock  

President and
  Chief Executive Officer  

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the
Report or as a separate disclosure document.  

1   

CERTIFICATION   

  In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
American International Group, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the  Report ), I, Siddhartha Sankaran, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, that to my knowledge:  

  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and  

  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company.  

  Date: November 3, 2016  

/S/ SIDDHARTHA
  SANKARAN  

Siddhartha
  Sankaran  

Executive Vice
  President and Chief Financial Officer  

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the
Report or as a separate disclosure document.  

2   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 41
 aig-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 42
 aig-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 43
 aig-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 44
 aig-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 45
 aig-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 46
 aig-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

