<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161206_10-Q_edgar_data_1625376_0001625376-16-000033_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>587506</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>36560</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>49325</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>136261</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>168901</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>151279</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>5</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001625376-16-000033.hdr.sgml : 20161206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161205175509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001625376-16-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		27
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PACMAN MEDIA INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001625376
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				320421189
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1014

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-202771
		FILM NUMBER:		162034752

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 8954
		STREET 2:		GREEN LANES
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			N134BS
		BUSINESS PHONE:		375257128030

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 8954
		STREET 2:		GREEN LANES
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			N134BS

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001625376-16-000033.txt : 20161206

10-Q
 1
 f10q.htm
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.  20549         Form 10-Q        [X] Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934    For the quarterly period ended July 31, 2016         [   ] Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   For the transition period from __________ to __________       Commission file number   333-202771             PACMAN MEDIA INC.     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                                                      Nevada             7373             32-0421189         (State or Other Jurisdiction of   Incorporation or Organization)             (Primary Standard Industrial   Classification Code Number)             (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.)          David Mark Evans   President/Secretary/Treasurer/Director   Unit 8954    483 Green Lanes London, N134BS England, U.K.   Telephone No.: +44(745) 481-0618  e-mail: pacmanmedia@mail.ru                                                                                                       (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices)              Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    x         No    o                  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):                   Large accelerated filer    o               Large accelerated filer    o               Non-accelerated filer    o         Smaller reporting company    x                   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    o         No    x            State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date:   4,150,000   common shares  issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2016.                         1                   PACMAN MEDIA INC.         QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q         TABLE OF CONTENTS               2                               PART 1        FINANCIAL INFORMATION                         ITEM 1.        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.           The accompanying interim financial statements of Pacman Media Inc. (the  Company ), have been prepared without audit pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.        In the opinion of management, the financial statements contain all material adjustments, consisting only of normal adjustments considered necessary to present fairly the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company for the interim periods presented.                 3               PACMAN MEDIA INC.      (A Development stage company)       Balance Sheets                         4                  PACMAN MEDIA INC.      (A Development stage company)             Statements of Operations       (Unaudited)                     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.               5              PACMAN MEDIA INC.      (A Development stage company)             Statements of Cash Flows        for the nine month periods ended       July 31, 2016 and 2015      (Unaudited)            The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.           6               PACMAN MEDIA INC.       (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)               Notes to the Financial Statements           Note 1: Organization and Basis of Presentation         Pacman Media, Inc. (the  Company ) is a for profit corporation established under the corporation laws in the State of Nevada, United States of America on September 25, 2013. Our offices are located at Unit 8954, 483 Green Lanes, London N13 4BS, England, United Kingdom.        The Company intends to commence operations as a developer of mobile apps to be used on smartphones, tablet computes, and other mobile devices.        The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented in US dollars. The Financial Statements and related disclosures as of October 31, 2015 are audited pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to  Pacman Media, Inc.,   we,   us,   our  or the  company  are to Pacman Media, Inc.              Note 2: Going Concern         The accompanying financial statements and notes have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.       For the period ended July 31, 2016, the Company s net loss from inception is 7,371.  The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably or raise additional capital through debt financing and/or through sales of common stock.         Note 3: Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements          Use of Estimates and Assumptions         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.        Due to the limited level of operations, the Company has not had to make material assumptions or estimates other than the assumption that the Company is a going concern.        Cash and Cash Equivalents         The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.                     7                   PACMAN MEDIA INC.       (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)                Disclosures as of July 31, 2016 and 2015                 ASC 825,  Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments , requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments.  ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements  defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.  Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of July 31, 2016.         The respective carrying values of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximate their fair values.  These financial instruments include cash, accrued liabilities and notes payable.       Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying values for these financial instruments since they are short term in nature and their carrying amounts approximate fair value.            Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share          The Company computes earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260-10-45  Earnings per Share , which requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share on the face of the statement of operations. Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net earnings (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the period.  Diluted earnings (loss) per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period.  Dilutive earnings (loss) per share excludes all potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. The Company has no potential dilutive instruments, and therefore, basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share are equal.          Revenue Recognition          The Company will recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification No. 605,  Revenue Recognition  ("ASC-605"). ASC-605 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized:               1.   Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists    2.   Delivery has occurred        3.   The selling price is fixed and determinable   4.   Collectability is reasonably assured.        Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management's judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, or other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company will defer any revenue for which the product has not been delivered or is subject to refund until such time that the Company and the customer jointly determine that the product has been delivered or no refund will be required.                 8                         PACMAN MEDIA INC.       (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)           Recent Accounting Pronouncements          The Company does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flow.          Note 4: Legal Matters         The Company is not aware of any legal issues pending.         Note 5: Debt         From September 25, 2013 through July 31, 2016, Dave Evans, the sole director and President of the Company, provided loans to the Company totaling $1,680, which is being carried as a note payable. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon demand.         Note 6: Capital Stock         On September 25, 2013 the Company authorized 75,000,000 shares of commons stock with a par value of $0.001 per share.       On October 16, 2014 the Company issued 4,000,000 common shares for cash proceeds of $5,676.48.       On July 25, 2016 and July 26, 2016 the Company issued 150,000 common shares for cash proceeds of $1,500.   As of July 31, 2016 there were 4,150,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.        As of July 31, 2016 there were no outstanding stock options or warrants.             Note 7: Income Taxes         The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or    tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.       The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.         9               PACMAN MEDIA INC.       (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)         ASC Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented.         Note 8: Related Party Transactions         The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property. The director of the Company provides office space and services free of charge. The Company's sole officer and director is involved in other business activities and may in the future, become involved in other business opportunities as they become available.       The Company has a related party transaction involving the sole director and officer. The nature and details of the transaction are described in Note 5.         Note 9: Subsequent Events         In accordance with ASC 855-10, the Company has evaluated events subsequent through the date these financial statements have been issued to assess the need for potential recognition or disclosure in this report. Such events were evaluated through December 1, 2016, the date these financial statements were available to be issued.        In that regard the following events have occurred:        1. The Company sold 250,000 shares of its common stock.    2. The Company received $2,500 cash for the shares sold.        Based upon further evaluation, it was determined that no other subsequent events have occurred requiring recognition or disclosure.                          ITEM 2.        MANAGEMENT  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS            FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT NOTICE         Statements made in this Form 10-Q that are not historical or current facts are "forward-looking statements" made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "approximate" or "continue," or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.   Financial information contained in this quarterly report and in our unaudited interim financial statements is stated in United States dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles.              10              The business    Pacman Media is a new venture, which aims to specialize in the creation of mobile apps (applications) to be used on smartphones, tablet computers and any other mobile devise. We are likely to face potential challenges, risks and uncertainties, such as situations stated in our section titled Risk Factors, this situations could have adverse material effect on our company therefore negative outcome for our investors.  Apps are a relatively new phenomenon, first made available to customers in a meaningful way with the launch of the Apple App Store in 2008.   Our believe is that frequently, a mobile app is simply a  stripped-down  version of a desktop computer program, able to fulfill the basic functions but missing the more advanced features. At other times a mobile app, like Skype for example, fulfills pretty much all the same functions as the version on your laptop.   We think that the market is seeing a category of app that is specifically designed for use on a smartphone; taking into account a phone s limitations   keyboard typing but exploiting its strengths   mobility. This too will be the focus of Pacman Media   the creation of apps specifically designed for iPhone users to the extent that the app may be almost pointless on a desktop computer.   Our independent auditor has issued an audit opinion, which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.           Our apps    Pacman Media intends to specialize in voice activated apps and we have three distinct voice activated concepts that we plan to design and launch. We believe that voice recognition technology is an exciting area, still could be in its infancy but maybe with boundless potential and opportunity. We believe this area best fulfills our strategy of designing apps with phone users in mind and these apps will also be useful for iPad or tablet users because, like phones, these devises are relatively mobile, meaning one could use them when  out and about .   After research Pacman Media have set sights on Dragon dictation software as we decided it is the best technology on the market to power our apps and ensure that they work. We aim to have apps that are voice activated, meaning that they respond to audio commands. Specifically we intend to exploit the transcription functions of Dragon dictation to streamline the implementation of common tasks in the film and television industries. During the preparation of a film, typically known as pre-production, crew members from all departments of the production, take notes when viewing a potential filming location for example. Many take notes by speaking into a dictaphone, which they then have to transcribe at a later point in order to review their notes. Our apps intend to save customer this trouble and therefore save him or her time and energy, basically streamline this process.At Pacman Media we plan to hire a team who have backgrounds in the film and television creative industries and so appreciate and understand how our apps will be extremely useful to fellow media professionals.    Creating the apps    Developing apps with commercial intent using Dragon software will require purchasing the Dragon license, which costs $10,000.00. This is a one off payment after which Pacman Media will be free to exploit Dragon dictation software for all commercial purposes until  the end of time .   Pacman Media will also require the services of a software development team. After careful research we have settled on The Future who we believe have a track record developing voice apps. Their development fee on our three showcase apps will range from $9000 - $15,000 depending on the project.            11              Launching the apps    Once an app is finished and ready to go to market it will be launched via the Apple App Store, which gives us access to a iPhone and iPad users worldwide, from the United States to United Kingdom to Japan, China to Europe. 30 percent of revenue from the store goes to Apple, and 70 percent goes to the producer of the app (minus an annual USD$99.00 development fee to Apple).   Pacman Media also planning to launch a promotional campaign to raise awareness of the unique features of each app. This may be done using celebrated artists, or industry professionals, where appropriate and all aspects of social media. In addition Pacman Media will try to lobby trade publications that specialize in reviewing new apps and technology, with a view to receiving positive coverage and greater exposure.  We plan to operate and sell our apps in English speaking countries, primarily the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, South Africa and New Zealand. If our launch in these territories is successful we will consider a second launch in non-English speaking territories, which will involve translating and rebuilding the apps in Russian, Japanese or Chinese for example. In this scenario we would also have to examine the best platform for selling our apps, which may not involve the Apple Store who have run into repeated difficulties regarding their business operations in China.  Lunching our apps in bureaucratically strenuous country like Russia can bring additional challenges such as working out specific government regulations, potential political and economic instability, language barrier and similar issues and risks typical for a very foreign market.    Price    Many apps are free. Companies may pursue this strategy to showcase their products in the hope of securing future investment.     Apps that charge for downloading range anywhere from under $1 to over $100. Typically an app will be in the $5 - $8 region.   We think that unlike mass use apps like  Angry Birds  Pacman Media apps will be specialized and catered towards industry professionals, specifically professionals in the film and television creative industries as well as those aspiring to join their ranks such as film and media students. As such our apps will be in the region of $10.    RESULTS OF OPERATIONS        Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation.   We expect we will require additional capital to meet our long term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities.             THREE AND NINE MONTHS PERIOD ENDED JULY 31, 2016        Our net loss for the three months period ended July 31, 2016 was $790. During the three months period ended July 31, 2016 we have not generated any revenue. Our net loss for the three months period ended July 31, 2015 was $279. During the three months period ended July 31, 2015 we have not generated any revenue.           Our net loss for the nine months period ended July 31, 2016 was $567. During the nine months period ended July 31, 2016 we have generated $4,875 of revenue. Our net loss for the nine months period ended April 30, 2015 was $2,034. During the nine months period ended July 31, 2015 we have generated $780 of revenue.            12             During the three and nine months period ended July 31, 2016 our operating expenses were bank service charges and professional fees. The weighted average number of shares outstanding was  4,008,696 for the three months ended July 31, 2016, and 4,002,920 for the nine months period ended July 31, 2016.        LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES         THREE MONTHS PERIOD ENDED JULY 31, 2016        As at July 31, 2016, our total assets were $1,485. Total assets were comprised of $1,485 in cash.   As at July 31, 2016, our current liabilities were $1,680 and Stockholders  equity was a deficit of $195.        CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES        We did not have generated positive cash flows from operating activities. For the nine months period ended July 31, 2016, net cash flows used in operating activities was $567.   For the nine months period ended July 31, 2015, net cash flows used in operating activities was 2,034.        CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES        For the nine months period ended July 31, 2016, we did not have any cash flows used in investing activities.        CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES        For the nine months period ended July 31, 2016, cash flow provided by financing activities was $1,500 received from the sale of common stock.   For the nine months period ended July 31, 2015, we did not have any cash flows used in financing activities.        PLAN OF OPERATION AND FUNDING         The Company currently has limited working capital, and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time.   Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on funds from this offering to fund operating expenses. The Company intends to position it self so that it may be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow is dependent on our ability to execute distribution agreements with publishing authors and our ability to attract customers to purchase our product. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern.   Prior to raising sufficient funds from this offering the management plans to fund any deficiencies in cash with management loans to the company.        GOING CONCERN         The Company has generated limited revenues and incurred a loss resulting in an accumulated deficit of $7,371 as of July 31, 2016 and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.         The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and, or, obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to finance operating costs over         13             the next twelve months with existing cash on hand, loans from directors and, or, the  private placement of common stock.         Because of the Company s history of losses, its independent auditors, in the reports on the financial statements for the December 31, 2015 expressed substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that could result from the outcome of this uncertainty.       Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses The Company intends to position itself so that it may be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern.        OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARANGEMENTS         As of the date of this Quarterly Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.                     ITEM 3.        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.           None                         ITEM 4.        CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES           Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.       An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 31, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Such officer also confirmed that there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the nine-month period ended July 31, 2016  that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.                14                                PART II.        OTHER INFORMATION                         ITEM 1.        LEGAL PROCEEDINGS           We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation.  There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.                     ITEM 1A.        RISK FACTORS           None                     ITEM 2.        UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS           None                     ITEM 3.        DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITES           None                     ITEM 4.        SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOITE OF SECURITIES HOLDERS           None                     ITEM 5.        OTHER INFORMATION           None                         ITEM 6.        EXHIBITS           The following exhibits are included as part of this report by reference:                                           15              SIGNATURES        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in Unit 8954, 483 Green Lanes,     London,     N13 4BS, England, U.K., on December 5, 2016.                                                                                                              PACMAN MEDIA INC.                                                                 By:      /Mr./      David Mark Evans                              Name:      David Mark Evans                              Title:      President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director                              (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)                 16           

<EX-31>
 2
 cert_ex31.htm
 CONVERTED BY EDGARWIZ

Converted by EDGARwiz         302 CERTIFICATION               I, David Mark Evans, certify that:                1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Pacman Media Inc.;                2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:             a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures, to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;             b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of        financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;             c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and             d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant   s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant   s most recent fiscal year (the registrant   s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant   s internal control over financial reporting; and                5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant   s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant   s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.       Date: December 5, 2016    /s/David Mark Evans    David Mark Evans   Chief Executive Officer   Chief Financial Officer                   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 cert_ex32.htm
 CONVERTED BY EDGARWIZ

Converted by EDGARwiz                         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       The undersigned officer of Pacman Media Inc. (the "Company"), hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                /s/David Mark Evans    David Mark Evans   Chief Executive Officer   Chief Financial Officer                December 5, 2016           

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 pcmn-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 pcmn-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pcmn-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 pcmn-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 pcmn-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 pcmn-20160731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

