<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1514743_0001193125-16-765427_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7597148</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>131327</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>396897</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1441874</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3455352</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1809376</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>52</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765427.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110113207
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765427
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IF Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514743
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0707

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35226
		FILM NUMBER:		161986695

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 E. CHERRY ST
		CITY:			WATSEKA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60970
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(815) 432-2476

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 E. CHERRY ST
		CITY:			WATSEKA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60970

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765427.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d264240d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
     Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File No. 001-35226        
       IF Bancorp,
Inc.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Maryland  
   
  45-1834449   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification Number)    

201 East Cherry Street, Watseka, Illinois  
   
  60970   
 
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
   
  Zip Code   
    (815) 432-2476   
  (Registrant s telephone number)   
  N/A      (Former name or
former address, if changed since last report)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such requirements for the past 90 days.    YES       NO     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    YES       NO       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one)      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    YES       NO       The Registrant had 3,950,408 shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, issued and outstanding as of November 3, 2016.      

Table of Contents  

   IF Bancorp, Inc.   
  Form 10-Q       
 Index       

Page   

Part I. Financial Information  

Item 1. 
    
  Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and June 30, 2016  

1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

6 

Item 2. 
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

35 

Item 3. 
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

48 

Item 4. 
    
  Controls and Procedures  

48 

Part II. Other Information  

Item 1. 
    
  Legal Proceedings  

49 

Item 1A. 
    
  Risk Factors  

49 

Item 2. 
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

49 

Item 3. 
    
  Defaults upon Senior Securities  

49 

Item 4. 
    
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

49 

Item 5. 
    
  Other Information  

49 

Item 6. 
    
  Exhibits  

50 

Signature Page  

51 

Table of Contents  

   Part I.   Financial Information   

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements        IF Bancorp, Inc.   
    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
  (Dollars in thousands, except per share amount)       
   See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

   IF Bancorp, Inc.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)   
  (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts)       
   See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   IF Bancorp, Inc.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)   
  (Dollars in thousands)       
   See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   IF Bancorp, Inc.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Unaudited)   
  (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)       
   See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   IF Bancorp, Inc.   
    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   
  (Dollars in thousands)       
   See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   IF Bancorp, Inc.   
  Form 10-Q (Unaudited)   
  (Table dollar amounts in thousands)   
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

Note 1:  
  Basis of Financial Statement Presentation       IF Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the
 Company ), became the holding company for Iroquois Federal Savings and Loan Association (the  Association ) upon completion of the Association s mutual-to-stock conversion on July 7, 2011. At the time of the
conversion, the Company also established an employee stock ownership plan that purchased 384,900 shares of Company common stock, and a charitable foundation, Iroquois Federal Foundation, to which the Company donated 314,755 shares of Company common
stock and $450,000 cash. IF Bancorp, Inc. s common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol  IROQ  on July 8, 2011. 
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, the Association, and the Association s wholly owned
subsidiary, L.C.I. Service Corporation. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.    The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) for interim financial reporting and with instructions for Form
10-Q and Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The
preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date and revenues and expenses for the period. Actual
results could differ from these estimates. In the opinion of management, the preceding unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring accruals) necessary for a fair
presentation of the financial condition of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, and the results of its operations for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These condensed consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. The results of operations for the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year.     

Note 2:  
  New Accounting Pronouncements       In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . The update provides a five-step revenue recognition model for all revenue arising from contracts with customers and affects all entities
that enter into contracts to provide goods or services to their customers (unless the contracts are included in the scope of other standards). The guidance requires an entity to recognize the revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or
services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  ,  which   clarifies the implementation guidance related to principal versus agent considerations and adds illustrative examples to assist in the application of
the guidance. The amendments in ASU 2016-08 affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which is not yet effective. The effective date and transition requirements in ASU 2016-08 are the same as the
effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2014-09. For public entities, the guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period, and must be
applied either retrospectively or using the modified retrospective approach. Early adoption is not permitted. Management does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements.    In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10) - Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities . ASU 2016-01 is intended to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful information. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Adoption by the Company is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which amends the existing standards for
lease accounting effectively bringing most leases onto the balance sheets of the related lessees by requiring them to recognize a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability, while leaving lessor accounting largely unchanged with only
targeted changes incorporated into the update. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the pending adoption of ASU 2016-02 and its impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718)-Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions including the accounting for income
taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those
annual periods with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the pending adoption of ASU 2016-09 and its impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The
ASU requires an organization to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other
organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the
full amount of expected credit losses. Organizations will continue to use judgment to determine which loss estimation method is appropriate for their circumstances. Additionally, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale
debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. For public companies, this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Corporation has not yet determined the impact the
adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on the consolidated financial statements.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230),  which amends ASC 230 to add or clarify guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. ASC 230 lacks consistent principles for evaluating the classification of cash payments and
receipts in the statement of cash flows. This has led to diversity in practice and, in certain circumstances, financial statement restatements. Therefore, the FASB issued the ASU with the intent of reducing diversity in practice with respect to
eight types of cash flows. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the pending adoption of ASU-2016-15 and its impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.      

Note 3:  
  Stock-based Compensation       In connection with the conversion to stock form, the Association established
an ESOP for the exclusive benefit of eligible employees (all salaried employees who have completed at least 1,000 hours of service in a twelve-month period and have attained the age of 21). The ESOP borrowed funds from the Company in an amount
sufficient to purchase 384,900 shares (approximately 8% of the common stock issued in the stock offering). The loan is secured by the shares purchased and will be repaid by the ESOP with funds from contributions made by the Association and
dividends received by the ESOP, with funds from any contributions on ESOP assets. Contributions will be applied to repay interest on the loan first, then the remainder will be applied to principal. The loan is expected to be repaid over a
period of up to 20 years. Shares purchased with the loan proceeds are held in a suspense account for allocation among participants as the loan is repaid. Contributions to the ESOP and shares released from the suspense account are allocated
among participants in proportion to their compensation, relative to total compensation of all active participants. Participants will vest 100% in their accrued benefits under the employee stock ownership plan after six vesting years, with
prorated vesting in years two  
      7  

Table of Contents  

through five. Vesting is accelerated upon retirement, death or disability of the participant or a change in control of the Association. Forfeitures will be reallocated to remaining plan
participants. Benefits may be payable upon retirement, death, disability, separation from service, or termination of the ESOP. Since the Association s annual contributions are discretionary, benefits payable under the ESOP cannot be
estimated. Participants receive the shares at the end of employment.    The Company is accounting for its ESOP in accordance with ASC Topic 718,
 Employers Accounting for Employee Stock Ownership Plans . Accordingly, the debt of the ESOP is eliminated in consolidation and the shares pledged as collateral are reported as unearned ESOP shares in the consolidated balance
sheets. Contributions to the ESOP shall be sufficient to pay principal and interest currently due under the loan agreement. As shares are committed to be released from collateral, the Company reports compensation expense equal to the
average market price of the shares for the respective period, and the shares become outstanding for earnings per share computations. Dividends, if any, on unallocated ESOP shares are recorded as a reduction of debt and accrued interest.  
 A summary of ESOP shares at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 are as follows (dollars in thousands):  

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, no ESOP shares were paid to ESOP participants due to separation from service. During the three months
ended September 30, 2015, 181 ESOP shares were paid to ESOP participants due to separation from service.    At the annual meeting on November 19, 2012, the
IF Bancorp, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Equity Incentive Plan ) was approved by stockholders. The purpose of the Equity Incentive Plan is to promote the long-term financial success of the Company and its Subsidiaries by
providing a means to attract, retain and reward individuals who contribute to such success and to further align their interests with those of the Company s stockholders. The Equity Incentive Plan authorizes the issuance or delivery to
participants of up to 673,575 shares of the Company common stock pursuant to grants of incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock unit awards, provided that the maximum number of shares of Company common
stock that may be delivered pursuant to the exercise of stock options (all of which may be granted as incentive stock options) is 481,125 and the maximum number of shares of Company stock that may be issued as restricted stock awards or restricted
stock units is 192,450.   On December 10, 2013, the Board of Directors approved grants of 85,500 shares of restricted stock and 167,000 in stock options to
senior officers and directors of the Association. The restricted stock vests in equal installments over 10 years and the stock options vest in equal installments over 7 years, both starting in December 2014. On December 10, 2015, the Board
of Directors approved grants of 16,900 shares of restricted stock to senior officers and directors of the Association. The restricted stock will vest in equal installments over 8 years, starting in December 2016. As of September 30, 2016,
there were 90,050 shares of restricted stock and 314,125 stock option shares available for future grants under this plan.    The following table summarizes
stock option activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands):  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Intrinsic value for stock options is
defined as the difference between the current market value and the exercise price. There were no options granted during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
 There were no options that vested during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Stock-based compensation expense and related tax benefit was
considered nominal for stock options for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options was $236,000 at September 30, 2016 and is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 4.2 years.    The following table summarizes non-vested restricted stock activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016:
     
   The fair value of the restricted stock awards is amortized to compensation expense over the vesting period (ten years) and is
based on the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant multiplied by the number of shares granted that are expected to vest. At the date of grant the par value of the shares granted was recorded in equity as a credit
to common stock and a debit to paid-in capital. Stock-based compensation expense and related tax benefit for restricted stock was $42,000 and was recognized in non-interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Stock-based
compensation expense was nominal for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Unrecognized compensation expense for non-vested restricted stock awards was $1.2 million and is expected to be recognized over 7.2 years with a corresponding
credit to paid-in capital.      

Note 4:  
  Earnings Per Common Share ( EPS )       Basic and diluted earnings per common share are presented
for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The factors used in the earnings per common share computation are as follows:      
 
      9  

Table of Contents  

The Company announced a stock repurchase plan on February 5, 2016, which allowed the Company to repurchase up to 200,703
shares of its common stock, or approximately 5% of its then current outstanding shares. As of September 30, 2016, 47,500 shares had been repurchased under this plan at an average price of $18.68.  
 On December 10, 2013, the Company awarded 85,500 shares of restricted stock and 167,000 in stock options to officers and directors of the Association as part
of the IF Bancorp, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. The restricted stock vest over 10 years and the stock options vest over 7 years, both starting in December 2014. On December 10, 2015, the Company awarded 16,900 shares of restricted
stock to officers and directors of the Association as part of this plan. This restricted stock will vest over 8 years, starting in December 2016.      

Note 5:  
  Securities       The amortized cost and approximate fair value of securities, together with gross unrealized
gains and losses, of securities are as follows:      
   With the exception of U.S. Government, federal agency and GSE securities and Mortgage-backed GSE residential securities with a
book value of approximately $78,682,000 and $27,618,000, respectively, and a market value of approximately $80,971,000 and $28,471,000, respectively, at September 30, 2016, the Company held no securities at September 30, 2016 with a book value that
exceeded 10% of total equity.   All mortgage-backed securities at September 30, 2016, and June 30, 2016 were issued by GSEs.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The amortized cost and fair value of available-for-sale securities at September 30, 2016, by contractual
maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.  
   
   The carrying value of securities pledged as collateral to secure public deposits and for other purposes was $63,670,000 and
$64,180,000 as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively.    The carrying value of securities sold under agreement to repurchase amounted to
$4.5 million at September 30, 2016 and $4.4 million at June 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, approximately $863,000 of our repurchase agreements had an overnight maturity, while the remaining $3.6 million in repurchase agreements had a term of
30 to 90 days. All of our repurchase agreements were secured by U.S. Government, federal agency and GSE securities. The right of offset for a repurchase agreement resembles a secured borrowing, whereby the collateral pledged by the Company
would be used to settle the fair value of the repurchase agreement should the Company be in default. The collateral is held by the Company in a segregated custodial account. In the event the collateral fair value falls below stipulated
levels, the Company will pledge additional securities. The Company monitors collateral levels to ensure adequate levels are maintained.    Gross gains
of $117,000 and $337,000, and gross losses of $0 and $188,000, resulting from sales of available-for-sale securities were realized for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The tax expense applicable to these
net realized gains amounted to approximately $46,000 and $60,000, respectively.    The Company had no investments in debt and marketable equity securities
that were reported in the financial statements at amounts less than their historical cost as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016.      

Note 6:  
  Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses       Classes of loans include:  

11  

Table of Contents  

The Company believes that sound loans are a necessary and desirable means of employing funds available for
investment. Recognizing the Company s obligations to its depositors and to the communities it serves, authorized personnel are expected to seek to develop and make sound, profitable loans that resources permit and that opportunity
affords. The Company maintains lending policies and procedures in place designed to focus our lending efforts on the types, locations, and duration of loans most appropriate for our business model and markets. The Company s principal
lending activity is the origination of one- to four-family real estate loans but also includes multi-family loans, commercial real estate loans, home equity lines of credits, commercial business loans, consumer (consisting primarily of automobile
loans), and, to a much lesser extent, construction loans and land loans. The primary lending market includes the Illinois counties of Vermilion, Iroquois and Champaign, as well as the adjacent counties in Illinois and Indiana. The Company
also has a loan production and wealth management office in Osage Beach, Missouri, which serves the Missouri counties of Camden, Miller, and Morgan. Generally, loans are collateralized by assets, primarily real estate, of the borrowers and
guaranteed by individuals. The loans are expected to be repaid from cash flows of the borrowers or from proceeds from the sale of selected assets of the borrowers.  
 Management reviews and approves the Company s lending policies and procedures on a routine basis. Management routinely (at least quarterly) reviews
our allowance for loan losses and reports related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies and non-performing and potential problem loans. Our underwriting standards are designed to encourage relationship
banking rather than transactional banking. Relationship banking implies a primary banking relationship with the borrower that includes, at a minimum, an active deposit banking relationship in addition to the lending relationship. The
integrity and character of the borrower are significant factors in our loan underwriting. As a part of underwriting, tangible positive or negative evidence of the borrower s integrity and character are sought out. Additional
significant underwriting factors beyond location, duration, the sound and profitable cash flow basis underlying the loan and the borrower s character are the quality of the borrower s financial history, the liquidity of the underlying
collateral and the reliability of the valuation of the underlying collateral.   The Company s policies and loan approval limits are established by the
Board of Directors. The loan officers generally have authority to approve one- to four-family real estate loans up to $100,000, other secured loans up to $50,000, and unsecured loans up to $10,000. Managing Officers (those with designated
loan approval authority), generally have authority to approve one- to four-family residential mortgage loans up to $300,000, other secured loans up to $300,000, and unsecured loans up to $100,000. In addition, any two individual officers may
combine their loan authority limits to approve a loan. Our Loan Committee may approve one- to four-family real estate loans, commercial real estate loans, multi-family real estate loans and land loans up to $1,000,000 in aggregate loans and
unsecured loans up to $300,000. All loans above these limits must be approved by the Operating Committee, consisting of the Chairman and up to four other Board members. At no time is a borrower s total borrowing relationship to exceed
our regulatory lending limit. Loans to related parties, including executive officers and the Company s directors, are reviewed for compliance with regulatory guidelines and the Board of Directors at least annually.  
 The Company conducts internal loan reviews that validate the loans against the Company s loan policy quarterly for mortgage, consumer, and small
commercial loans on a sample basis, and all larger commercial loans on an annual basis. The Association also receives independent loan reviews performed by a third party on larger commercial loans to be performed annually. In addition to
compliance with our policy, the loan review process reviews the risk assessments made by our credit department, lenders and loan committees. Results of these reviews are presented to management and the Board of Directors.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  The Company s lending can be summarized into six primary areas; one- to four-family residential mortgage
loans, commercial real estate and multi-family real estate loans, home equity lines of credits, real estate construction, commercial business loans, and consumer loans. 
  One- to four-family Real Estate Loans     The Company offers
one- to four-family real estate loans that conform to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac underwriting standards (conforming loans) as well as non-conforming loans. In recent years there has been an increased demand for long-term fixed-rate loans, as
market rates have dropped and remained near historic lows. As a result, the Company has sold a substantial portion of the fixed-rate one- to four-family real estate loans with terms of 15 years or greater. Generally, the Company retains
fixed-rate one- to four-family real estate loans with terms of less than 15 years, although this has represented a small percentage of the fixed-rate loans originated in recent years due to the favorable long-term rates for borrower. 
 In addition, the Company also offers home equity loans that are secured by a second mortgage on the borrower s primary or secondary residence. Home
equity loans are generally underwritten using the same criteria used to underwrite one- to four-family real estate loans.   As one- to four-family
residential mortgage and home equity loan underwriting are subject to specific regulations, the Company typically underwrites its one- to four-family residential mortgage and home equity loans to conform to widely accepted standards. Several
factors are considered in underwriting including the value of the underlying real estate and the debt to income ratio and credit history of the borrower.  
  Commercial Real Estate and Multi-Family Real Estate Loans   
 Commercial real estate mortgage loans are primarily secured by office buildings, owner-occupied businesses, strip mall centers, churches and farm loans secured
by real estate. In underwriting commercial real estate and multi-family real estate loans, the Company considers a number of factors, which include the projected net cash flow to the loan s debt service requirement, the age and condition
of the collateral, the financial resources and income level of the borrower and the borrower s experience in owning or managing similar properties. Personal guarantees are typically obtained from commercial real estate and multi-family
real estate borrowers. In addition, the borrower s financial information on such loans is monitored on an ongoing basis by requiring periodic financial statement updates. The repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the cash
flows of the underlying property. However, the commercial real estate loan generally must be supported by an adequate underlying collateral value. The performance and the value of the underlying property may be adversely affected by
economic factors or geographical and/or industry specific factors. These loans are subject to other industry guidelines that are closely monitored by the Company.  
  Home Equity Lines of Credit     In addition to traditional
one- to four-family real estate loans and home equity loans, the Company offers home equity lines of credit that are secured by the borrower s primary or secondary residence. Home equity lines of credit are generally underwritten using the
same criteria used to underwrite one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. As home equity lines of credit underwriting is subject to specific regulations, the Company typically underwrites its home equity lines of credit to conform to
widely accepted standards. Several factors are considered in underwriting including the value of the underlying real estate and the debt to income ratio and credit history of the borrower. 
  Commercial Business Loans     The Company originates
commercial non-mortgage business (term) loans and adjustable lines of credit. These loans are generally originated to small- and medium-sized companies in the Company s primary market area. Commercial business loans are generally used
for working capital purposes or for acquiring equipment, inventory or furniture, and are primarily secured by business assets other than real estate, such as business equipment and inventory, accounts receivable or stock. The Company also
offers agriculture loans that are not secured by real estate.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  The commercial business loan portfolio consists primarily of secured loans. When making commercial business
loans, the Company considers the financial statements, lending history and debt service capabilities of the borrower, the projected cash flows of the business and the value of any collateral. The cash flows of the underlying borrower, however,
may not perform consistently with historical or projected information. Further, the collateral securing loans may fluctuate in value due to individual economic or other factors. Loans are typically guaranteed by the principals of the
borrower. The Company has established minimum standards and underwriting guidelines for all commercial loan types.     Real Estate Construction Loans
    The Company originates construction loans for one- to four-family residential properties and commercial real estate properties, including multi-family
properties. The Company generally requires that a commitment for permanent financing be in place prior to closing the construction loan. The repayment of these loans is typically through permanent financing following completion of the
construction. Real estate construction loans are inherently more risky than loans on completed properties as the unimproved nature and the financial risks of construction significantly enhance the risks of commercial real estate
loans. These loans are closely monitored and subject to other industry guidelines.     Consumer Loans   
 Consumer loans consist of installment loans to individuals, primarily automotive loans. These loans are underwritten utilizing the borrower s
financial history, including the Fair Isaac Corporation ( FICO ) credit scoring and information as to the underlying collateral. Repayment is expected from the cash flow of the borrower. Consumer loans may be underwritten with
terms up to seven years, fully amortized. Unsecured loans are limited to twelve months. Loan-to-value ratios vary based on the type of collateral. The Company has established minimum standards and underwriting guidelines for all
consumer loan collateral types.     Loan Concentration   
 The loan portfolio includes a concentration of loans secured by commercial real estate properties, including real estate construction loans, amounting to
$226,426,000 and $222,395,000 as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. Generally, these loans are collateralized by multi-family and nonresidential properties. The loans are expected to be repaid from cash flows or from
proceeds from the sale of the properties of the borrower.    Purchased Loans and Loan Participations   
 The Company s loans receivable included purchased loans of $9,651,000 and $9,772,000 at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. All of
these purchased loans are secured by single family homes located out of our primary market area, primarily in the Midwest. The Company s loans receivable also include commercial loan participations of $43,576,000 and $47,731,000 at
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively, of which $15,936,000 and $19,303,000, at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 were outside our primary market area. These participation loans are secured by real estate and other business
assets.     Allowance for Loan Losses     The following
tables present the balance in the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans based on portfolio segment and impairment method as of the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the year ended June 30, 2016:  
      14  

Table of Contents  

15  

Table of Contents  

16  

Table of Contents  

  Management s opinion as to the ultimate collectability of loans is subject to estimates regarding future
cash flows from operations and the value of property, real and personal, pledged as collateral. These estimates are affected by changing economic conditions and the economic prospects of borrowers.  
 The allowance for loan losses represents an estimate of the amount of losses believed inherent in our loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The
allowance calculation involves a high degree of estimation that management attempts to mitigate through the use of objective historical data where available. Loan losses are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes
the uncollectability of the loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Overall, we believe the reserve to be consistent with prior periods and adequate to cover the estimated losses in our loan
portfolio.    The Company s methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses consists of two key elements: (1) specific
allowances for estimated credit losses on individual loans that are determined to be impaired through the Company s review for identified problem loans; and (2) a general allowance based on estimated credit losses inherent in the remainder of
the loan portfolio.    The specific allowance is measured by determining the present value of expected cash flows, the loan s observable market value,
or, for collateral-dependent loans, the fair value of the collateral adjusted for market conditions and selling expense. Factors used in identifying a specific problem loan include: (1) the strength of the customer s personal or business
cash flows; (2) the availability of other sources of repayment; (3) the amount due or past due; (4) the type and value of collateral; (5) the strength of the collateral position; (6) the estimated cost to sell the collateral; and (7) the
borrower s effort to cure the delinquency. In addition for loans secured by real estate, the Company also considers the extent of any past due and unpaid property taxes applicable to the property serving as collateral on the mortgage.  
 The Company establishes a general allowance for loans that are not deemed impaired to recognize the inherent losses associated with lending activities, but
which, unlike specific allowances, has not been allocated to particular problem assets. The general valuation allowance is determined by segregating the loans by loan category and assigning allowance percentages based on the Company s
historical loss experience and management s evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio. The allowance is then adjusted for qualitative factors that, in management s judgment, affect the collectability of the portfolio as
of the evaluation date. These qualitative factors may include: (1) Management s assumptions regarding the minimal level of risk for a given loan category; (2) changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting
standards, and charge-off and recovery practices not considered elsewhere in estimating credit losses; (3) changes in international, national, regional and local economics and business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of
the portfolio, including the conditions of various market segments; (4) changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio and in the terms of loans; (5) changes in the experience, ability, and depth of the lending officers and other relevant staff;
(6) changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of non-accrual loans, the volume of troubled debt restructured and other loan modifications, and the volume and severity of adversely classified loans; (7) changes in the quality
of the loan review system; (8) changes in the value of the underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans; (9) the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in the level of such concentrations; and (10) the effect of
other external factors such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses in the existing portfolio. The applied loss factors are re-evaluated quarterly to ensure their relevance in the current
environment.    Although the Company s policy allows for a general valuation allowance on certain smaller-balance, homogenous pools of loans classified
as substandard, the Company has historically evaluated every loan classified as substandard, regardless of size, for impairment as part of the review for establishing specific allowances. The Company s policy also allows for general
valuation allowance on certain smaller-balance, homogenous pools of loans which are loans criticized as special mention or watch. A separate general allowance calculation is made on these loans based on historical measured weakness, and which
is no less than twice the amount of the general allowance calculated on the non-classified loans.    There have been no changes to the Company s
accounting policies or methodology from the prior periods.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers
to service their debt such as current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information and current economic trends, among other factors. All loans are graded at inception of the
loan. Subsequently, analyses are performed on an annual basis and grade changes are made as necessary. Interim grade reviews may take place if circumstances of the borrower warrant a more timely review. The Company utilizes an
internal asset classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem loans. Under the Company s risk rating system, the Company classifies problem and potential problem loans as  Watch, 
 Substandard,   Doubtful,  and  Loss.  The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings:  
  Pass    Loans classified as pass are well protected by the ability of the borrower to pay or by the value of the asset or underlying
collateral.     Watch    Loans classified as watch have a potential weakness that deserves management s close
attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the Company s credit position at some future date.  
  Substandard    Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the
obligor or of any pledged collateral. Loans so classified have a well defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some
loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.     Doubtful    Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those
classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
  Loss    Loans classified as loss are the portion of the loan that is considered uncollectible so that its continuance as an asset is
not warranted. The amount of the loss determined will be charged off.    Risk characteristics applicable to each segment of the loan portfolio are
described as follows.     Residential One- to Four-Family and Equity Lines of Credit Real Estate:  The residential one- to
four-family real estate loans are generally secured by owner-occupied one- to four-family residences. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income and credit rating of the borrowers. Credit risk in these loans can
be impacted by economic conditions within the Company s market areas that might impact either property values or a borrower s personal income. Risk is mitigated by the fact that the loans are of smaller individual amounts and spread
over a large number of borrowers.     Commercial and Multi-family Real Estate:  Commercial and multi-family real estate loans
typically involve larger principal amounts, and repayment of these loans is generally dependent on the successful operations of the property securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. These loans are viewed
primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Credit risk in these loans may be impacted by the creditworthiness of a borrower, property values and the local economies in the Company s market areas.  
  Construction Real Estate:  Construction real estate loans are usually based upon estimates of costs and estimated value of the
completed project and include independent appraisal reviews and a financial analysis of the developers and property owners. Sources of repayment of these loans may include permanent loans, sales of developed property, or an interim loan
commitment from the Company until permanent financing is obtained. These loans are considered to be higher risk than other real estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being sensitive to interest rate changes, general economic conditions
and the availability of long-term financing. Credit risk in these loans may be impacted by the creditworthiness of a borrower, property values and the local economies in the Company s market areas.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

   Commercial:  The commercial portfolio includes loans to commercial customers for use
in financing working capital needs, equipment purchases and expansions. The loans in this category are repaid primarily from the cash flow of a borrower s principal business operation. Credit risk in these loans is driven by
creditworthiness of a borrower and the economic conditions that impact the cash flow stability from business operations.  
  Consumer:  The consumer loan portfolio consists of various term loans such as automobile loans and loans for other personal
purposes. Repayment for these types of loans will come from a borrower s income sources that are typically independent of the loan purpose. Credit risk is driven by consumer economic factors (such as unemployment and general economic
conditions in the Company s market area) and the creditworthiness of a borrower.    The following tables present the credit risk profile of the
Company s loan portfolio based on rating category and payment activity:      
   The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days past due unless the credit is well-secured
and in process of collection. Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. In all instances, loans are placed on non-accrual or are charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal and interest is considered
doubtful.    All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on non-accrual or charged off are reversed against interest income. The
interest on these loans is accounted for on a cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and
future payments are reasonably assured.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables present the Company s loan portfolio aging analysis:  
   
   A loan is considered impaired, in accordance with the impairment accounting guidance (ASC 310-10-35-16), when based on current
information and events, it is probable the Association will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment
status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loans and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay,
the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed.   Impairment is measured on a
loan-by-loan basis by either the present value of the expected future cash flows, the loan s observable market value, or, for collateral-dependent loans, the fair value of the collateral adjusted for market conditions and selling
expenses. Significant restructured loans are considered impaired in determining the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses.    The Company actively
seeks to reduce its investment in impaired loans. The primary tools to work through impaired loans are settlements with the borrowers or guarantors, foreclosure of the underlying collateral, or restructuring. Included in certain loan
categories in the impaired loans are $2.4 million in troubled debt restructurings that were classified as impaired. 
      20  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables present impaired loans:  

21  

Table of Contents  

22  

Table of Contents  

Interest income recognized on impaired loans includes interest accrued and collected on the outstanding balances of accruing
impaired loans as well as interest cash collections on non-accruing impaired loans for which the ultimate collectability of principal is not uncertain.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the Company s nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016:  
   
   At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company had a number of loans that were modified in troubled debt restructurings
(TDR s) and impaired. The modification of terms of such loans included one or a combination of the following: an extension of maturity, a reduction of the stated interest rate or a permanent reduction of the recorded investment in the
loan.    The following table presents the recorded balance, at original cost, of troubled debt restructurings, all of which were performing according to the
terms of the restructuring except for one one- to four-family real estate loan for $168,000, as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, all loans listed were on nonaccrual except for twelve one- to four-family real estate loans
totaling $793,000, one multi-family real estate loan for $1.3 million, and two home equity lines of credit totaling $10,000. All loans listed as of June 30, 2016 were on nonaccrual except for twelve one- to four-family residential loans
totaling $802,000, one multi-family loan for $1.3 million, and one home equity line of credit for $11,000.      
     Modifications    
 During the three month period ended September 30, 2016, one one- to four-family loan was modified in the amount of $79,000, and one commercial business loan
was modified in the amount of $102,000.   During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company modified one home equity line of credit for $4,000.  
 During the three month period ended September 30, 2015, the Company modified one consumer loan with a recorded investment of $6,000.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

    TDR s with Defaults    
 The Company had one TDR, a one- to four-family residential loan for $168,000 that was in default as of September 30, 2016, and was restructured in prior
periods. No loans were in foreclosure at September 30, 2016. The Company had one TDR, a one- to four-family residential loan totaling $174,000 that was in default as of June 30, 2016, and was restructured in the prior years. No loans were
in foreclosure at June 30, 2016. The Company defines a default as any loan that becomes 90 days or more past due.    Specific loss allowances are
included in the calculation of estimated future loss ratios, which are applied to the various loan portfolios for purposes of estimating future losses.  
 Management considers the level of defaults within the various portfolios, as well as the current economic environment and outlook in the real estate and
collateral markets when evaluating qualitative adjustments used to determine the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. We believe the qualitative adjustments more accurately reflect collateral values in light of the sales and economic
conditions that we have recently observed.    We may obtain physical possession of real estate collateralizing a residential mortgage loan or home equity
loan via foreclosure or in-substance repossession. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of foreclosed residential real estate properties as a result of obtaining physical possession was $224,000. In addition, as of September 30, 2016,
we had residential mortgage loans and home equity loans with a carrying value of $1.1 million collateralized by residential real estate property for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process.  

Note 7:  
  Federal Home Loan Bank Stock       Federal Home Loan Bank stock is a required investment for institutions
that are members of the Federal Home Loan Bank system. The required investment in the common stock is based on a predetermined formula. The Company owned $5,425,000 of Federal Home Loan Bank stock as of September 30, 2016 and June 30,
2016. The FHLB provides liquidity and funding through advances.      

Note 8:  
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income       The components of accumulated other comprehensive income,
included in stockholders  equity, are as follows:     
 
      25  

Table of Contents  

Note 9:  
  Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) by Component       Amounts reclassified from AOCI
and the affected line items in the statements of income during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were as follows:      

Amounts Reclassified from AOCI  

2016  

2015  

Affected Line Item in the Condensed  
  Consolidated Statements of Income    

Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities  

$117 

$149 

Net realized gains on sale of available-for-sale securities  
 
   Amortization of defined benefit pension items Transition obligation  

$    

$    

Components are included in computation of net periodic pension cost  
 
   Actuarial losses  

$ 9 

$ 10 

Prior service costs  

$(12) 

$(12) 

Total reclassified amount before tax  

114 

147 

Provision for Income Tax   
 
   Tax expense (benefit)  

45 

59 

Total reclassification out of AOCI  

$69 

$88 

Net Income  

A reconciliation of income tax expense at the statutory rate to the Company s actual
income tax expense is shown below:      
   The Company established a charitable foundation at the time of its mutual-to-stock conversion and donated to it $450,000 in
cash and shares of common stock equal to 7% of the shares sold in the offering, or 314,755 shares. The donated shares were valued at $3,147,550 ($10.00 per share) at the time of conversion. The $3,147,550 and the $450,000 cash donation, or
a total of $3,597,550 was expensed during the quarter ended September 30, 2011. The Company established a deferred tax asset associated with this charitable contribution. No valuation allowance was deemed necessary as it appears the
Company will be able to deduct the contribution, which is subject to limitations each year, during the five year carry forward period, which ends June 30, 2017. Management continues to monitor its taxable income projections through June 30,
2017, to determine whether a valuation allowance is needed.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

Note 11:  
  Regulatory Capital       The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations that substantially amend the
capital regulations currently applicable to us. These regulations implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act.  
 Effective January 1, 2015 (with some changes transitioned into full effectiveness over two to four years), the Association became subject to new capital
requirements adopted by the OCC. These new requirements create a new required ratio for common equity Tier 1 ( CETI ) capital, increase the leverage and Tier 1 capital ratios, change the risk weight of certain assets for purposes of
the risk-based capital ratios, create an additional capital conservation buffer over the required capital ratios, and change what qualifies as capital for purposes of meeting these various capital requirements. Beginning in 2016, failure to
maintain the required capital conservation buffer will limit the ability of the Association to pay dividends, repurchase shares, or pay discretionary bonuses. The Company is exempt from consolidated capital requirements as those requirements do
not apply to certain small savings and loan holding companies with assets under $1 billion.    Under the new capital regulations, the minimum capital ratios
are: (1) CETI capital ratio of 4.5% of risk-weighted assets; (2) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0% of risk-weighted assets: (3) a total capital ratio of 8.0% of risk-weighted assets; and (4) a leverage ratio of 4.0%. CETI generally consists of
common stock and retained earnings, subject to applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions.    There are a number of changes in what constitutes
regulatory capital, some of which are subject to transition periods. These changes include the phasing-out of certain instruments as qualifying capital. The Association does not use any of these instruments. Under the new requirements
for total capital, Tier 2 capital is no longer limited to the amount of Tier 1 capital included in total capital. Mortgage servicing rights, certain deferred tax assets and investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries over designated percentages
of CETI will be deducted from capital. The Association has elected to permanently opt-out of the inclusion of accumulated other comprehensive income in our capital calculations, as permitted by the regulations. This opt-out will reduce the
impact of market volatility on our regulatory capital levels.    The new requirements also include changes in the risk-weights of assets to better reflect
credit risk and other risk exposures. These include a 150% risk weight (increased from 100%) for certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction loans and for non-residential mortgage loans that are 90
days past due or otherwise in non-accrual status; a 20% (increased from 0%) credit conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable; a 250% risk weight
(increased from 100%) for mortgage servicing and deferred tax assets that are not deducted from capital; and increased risk weights (0% to 600%) for equity exposures.  
 In addition to the minimum CETI, Tier 1 and total capital ratios, the Association will have to maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of additional
CETI capital greater than 2.5% of risk-weighted assets above the required minimum levels in order to avoid limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses based on percentages of eligible retained
income that could be utilized for such actions. This new capital conservation buffer requirement began on January 1, 2016, at the 0.625% level and will phase in over a four-year period until fully implemented in January 2019.  

Note 12:  
  Disclosures About Fair Value of Assets       Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. There is a hierarchy of three levels of inputs
that may be used to measure fair value:      

Level 1 
    
 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets   
      27  

Table of Contents  

Level 2 
    
 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for
substantially the full term of the assets  

Level 3 
    
 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets  
    Recurring Measurements   
 The following table presents the fair value measurements of assets recognized in the accompanying balance sheets measured at fair value on a recurring basis
and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016:      
   Following is a description of the valuation methodologies and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring
basis and recognized in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to  
      28  

Table of Contents  

the valuation hierarchy. There have been no significant changes in the valuation techniques during the period ended September 30, 2016. For assets classified within Level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy, the process used to develop the reported fair value is described below.     Available-for-sale Securities   
 Where quoted market prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. There were no
Level 1 securities as of September 30, 2016 or June 30, 2016. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash
flows. For these investments, the inputs used by the pricing service to determine fair value may include one, or a combination of, observable inputs such as benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided
markets, benchmark securities, bid, offers and reference data market research publications and are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. Level 2 securities include U.S. Government and federal agency, mortgage-backed
securities (GSE - residential) and state and political subdivisions. In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. There were no Level 3
securities as of September 30, 2016 or June 30, 2016.    Mortgage Servicing Rights   
 Mortgage servicing rights do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. Accordingly, fair value is estimated using discounted
cash flow models. Due to the nature of the valuation inputs, mortgage servicing rights are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy.     Level 3
Reconciliation     The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of recurring fair value measurements recognized in the
accompanying balance sheet using significant unobservable (Level 3) inputs:      

Mortgage Servicing Rights  

Balance, July 1, 2016  
    
 $ 
 440 

Total realized and unrealized gains and losses included in net income  

1 

Servicing rights that result from asset transfers  

96 

Payments received and loans refinanced  

(19 
 )   

Balance, September 30, 2016  
    
 $ 
 518 

Total gains or losses for the period included in net income attributable to the change in
unrealized gains or losses related to assets and liabilities still held at the reporting date  
    
 $ 
 1 

Realized and unrealized gains and losses for items reflected in the table above are included in net income in the consolidated
statements of income as noninterest income.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

   Nonrecurring Measurements   
 The following table presents the fair value measurement of assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy
in which the fair value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016:      

Fair Value Measurements Using  

Fair Value  

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets   (Level 1)  

Significant Other Observable Inputs   (Level 2)  

Significant Unobservable Inputs   (Level 3)  

September 30, 2016:  

Impaired loans (collateral-dependent)  
    
 $ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

June 30, 2016:  

Impaired loans (collateral-dependent)  
    
 $ 
 108 

$ 

$ 

$ 
 108 
     
   The following table presents (losses)/recoveries recognized on assets measured on a non-recurring basis for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and
recognized in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. For assets classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the process used to develop the reported
fair value is described below.     Collateral-dependent Impaired Loans, Net of the Allowance for Loan Losses   
 The estimated fair value of collateral-dependent impaired loans is based on the appraised fair value of the collateral, less estimated cost to
sell. Collateral-dependent impaired loans are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.   The Company considers the appraisal or
evaluation as the starting point for determining fair value and then considers other factors and events in the environment that may affect the fair value. Appraisals of the collateral underlying collateral-dependent loans are obtained when the
loan is determined to be collateral-dependent and subsequently as deemed necessary by the senior lending officer. Appraisals are reviewed for accuracy and consistency by the senior lending officer. Appraisers are selected from the list of
approved appraisers maintained by management. The appraised values are reduced by discounts to consider lack of marketability and estimated cost to sell if repayment or satisfaction of the loan is dependent on the sale of the
collateral. These discounts and estimates are developed by the senior lending officer by comparison to historical results.     Unobservable (Level 3)
Inputs     The following tables present quantitative information about unobservable inputs used in recurring and nonrecurring Level 3 fair value
measurements at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

31  

Table of Contents  

   Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 The following tables present estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair
value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016.      
 
      32  

Table of Contents  

The following methods were used to estimate the fair value of all other financial instruments recognized in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets at amounts other than fair value.     Cash and Cash Equivalents, Interest-Bearing Time Deposits in Banks, Federal Home Loan
Bank Stock, Accrued Interest Receivable, Repurchase Agreements, Accrued Interest Payable and Advances from Borrowers for Taxes and Insurance     The
carrying amount approximates fair value.     Loans     The
fair value of loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Loans with similar
characteristics were aggregated for purposes of the calculations. 
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Deposits   
 Deposits include demand deposits, savings accounts, NOW accounts and certain money market deposits. The carrying amount of these types of deposits
approximates fair value. The fair value of fixed-maturity time deposits is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities.  
  Federal Home Loan Bank Advances     Rates currently
available to the Company for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities are used to estimate the fair value of existing debt.    Commitments to
Originate Loans and Lines of Credit     The fair value of commitments to originate loans is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into
similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties. For fixed-rate loan commitments, fair value also considers the difference between current levels of interest
rates and the committed rates. The fair values of lines of credit are based on fees currently charged for similar agreements, or on the estimated cost to terminate or otherwise settle the obligations with the counterparties at the reporting
date.      
    Commitments to Originate Loans   
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the
contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since a portion of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not
necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each customer s creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary, is based on management s credit evaluation of the
counterparty. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, commercial real estate and residential real estate.  
  Lines of Credit     Lines of credit are agreements to lend
to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Lines of credit generally have fixed expiration dates. Since a portion of the line may expire without being drawn upon, the total unused lines do
not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each customer s creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary, is based on management s credit evaluation of the
counterparty. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, commercial real estate and residential real estate. Management uses the same credit policies in granting lines of credit as
it does for on-balance-sheet instruments.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements     This
Quarterly Report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are statements based on management s current expectations regarding its
business strategies and their intended results and IF Bancorp, Inc. s ( the Company ) future performance. Forward-looking statements are preceded by terms such as  expects,   believes, 
 anticipates,   intends  and similar expressions.    Management s ability to predict results or the effect of future plans or
strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our actual results include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions, changes in the interest rate environment, legislative or regulatory
changes that may adversely affect our business, changes in accounting policies and practices, changes in competition and demand for financial services, adverse changes in the securities markets and changes in the quality or composition of the
Association s loan or investment portfolios. Additional factors that may affect our results are discussed under  Item 1A. - Risk Factors , in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016, and the
Company s other filings with the SEC. These factors should be considered in evaluating the forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. IF Bancorp, Inc. assumes no obligation to update any
forward-looking statement, except as may be required by law.     Overview   
 On July 7, 2011 we completed our initial public offering of common stock in connection with the Association s mutual-to-stock conversion, selling
4,496,500 shares of common stock at $10.00 per share, including 384,900 shares sold to the Association s employee stock ownership plan, and raising approximately $45.0 million of gross proceeds. In addition, we issued 314,755 shares of our
common stock to the Iroquois Federal Foundation.    The Company is a savings and loan holding company and is subject to regulation by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System. The Company s business activities are limited to oversight of its investment in the Association.    The Association
is primarily engaged in providing a full range of banking and mortgage services to individual and corporate customers within a 100-mile radius of its locations in Watseka, Danville, Clifton, Hoopeston, and Savoy, Illinois and Osage Beach,
Missouri. The principal activity of the Association s wholly-owned subsidiary, L.C.I. Service Corporation ( L.C.I. ), is the sale of property and casualty insurance. The Association is subject to regulation by the Office of
the Controller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.    Our results of operations depend primarily on our net interest
income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets, consisting primarily of loans, investment securities and other interest-earning assets, and the interest paid on our
interest-bearing liabilities, consisting primarily of savings and transaction accounts, certificates of deposit, and Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago advances. Our results of operations also are affected by our provision for loan losses,
noninterest income and noninterest expense. Noninterest income consists primarily of customer service fees, brokerage commission income, insurance commission income, net realized gains on loan sales, mortgage banking income, and income on
bank-owned life insurance. Noninterest expense consists primarily of compensation and benefits, occupancy and equipment, data processing, professional fees, marketing, office supplies, federal deposit insurance premiums, and foreclosed
assets. Our results of operations also may be affected significantly by general and local economic and competitive conditions, changes in market interest rates, governmental policies and actions of regulatory authorities.  
 Our net interest rate spread (the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities) was
3.04% and 2.97% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. An increase in interest-earning assets contributed to an increase in net interest income to $4.5 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from
$4.1 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  Our emphasis on conservative loan underwriting has resulted in relatively low levels of non-performing
assets. Our non-performing loans totaled $2.5 million or 0.6% of total loans at September 30, 2016, and $2.2 million, or 0.5% of total loans at June 30, 2016. Our non-performing assets totaled $2.8 million or 0.5% of total assets at
September 30, 2016, and $2.5 million, or 0.4% of total assets at June 30, 2016.    At September 30, 2016, the Association was categorized as  well
capitalized  under federal regulations.    Our net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.3 million, compared to a net income of
$799,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net income was due to increases in net interest income and noninterest income, and decreases in noninterest expense and the provision for loan losses.  
 Management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations at and for three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is
intended to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto,
appearing in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.     Critical Accounting Policies   
 We define critical accounting policies as those policies that require management to exercise significant judgment or discretion or make significant assumptions
that have, or could have, a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets or on income. We consider the following to be our critical accounting policies. 
   Allowance for Loan Losses.       We believe that the allowance for loan losses and related provision for loan losses are
particularly susceptible to change in the near term, due to changes in credit quality which are evidenced by trends in charge-offs and in the volume and severity of past due loans. In addition, our portfolio is comprised of a substantial amount
of commercial real estate loans which generally have greater credit risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage and consumer loans because these loans generally have larger principal balances and are non-homogenous. 
 The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level to provide for probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet
date. Based on our estimate of the level of allowance for loan losses required, we record a provision for loan losses as a charge to earnings to maintain the allowance for loan losses at an appropriate level. The estimate of our credit
losses is applied to two general categories of loans:      

loans that we evaluate individually for impairment under ASC 310-10,  Receivables;  and        

groups of loans with similar risk characteristics that we evaluate collectively for impairment under ASC 450-20,  Loss Contingencies.     
 The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management and reflects consideration of all significant factors that affect the
collectability of the loan portfolio. The factors used to evaluate the collectability of the loan portfolio include, but are not limited to, current economic conditions, our historical loss experience, the nature and volume of the loan
portfolio, the financial strength of the borrower, and the estimated value of any underlying collateral. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are subject to significant revision as more information becomes
available. Actual loan losses may be significantly more than the allowance for loan losses we have established which could have a material negative effect on our financial results.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

    Income Tax Accounting.   The provision for income taxes is based upon income in our consolidated
financial statements, rather than amounts reported on our income tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on our deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. Under U.S. GAAP, a valuation allowance is required to
be recognized if it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The determination as to whether we will be able to realize the deferred tax assets is highly subjective and dependent upon judgment concerning our
evaluation of both positive and negative evidence, our forecasts of future income, applicable tax planning strategies, and assessments of current and future economic and business conditions. Positive evidence includes the existence of taxes
paid in available carryback years as well as the probability that taxable income will be generated in future periods, while negative evidence includes any cumulative losses in the current year and prior two years and general business and economic
trends. Any reduction in estimated future taxable income may require us to record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. Any required valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense in the period and could
have a significant impact on our future earnings. Positions taken in our tax returns may be subject to challenge by the taxing authorities upon examination. The benefit of an uncertain tax position is initially recognized in the financial
statements only when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions are both initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than
50% likely of being realized upon settlement with the tax authority, assuming full knowledge of the position and all relevant facts. Differences between our position and the position of tax authorities could result in a reduction of a tax
benefit or an increase to a tax liability, which could adversely affect our future income tax expense.    The Company formed a charitable foundation at the
time of its mutual-to-stock conversion and donated to it cash and shares of common stock for a total value of approximately $3.6 million. The Company established a deferred tax asset associated with this charitable contribution. No
valuation allowance has been established, as it appears that the Company will be able to deduct the contribution, which is subject to limitations each year, during the five year carry-forward period which ends June 30, 2017. Management
continues to monitor its taxable income projections through June 30, 2017, to determine whether a valuation allowance is needed.   There are no material
changes to the critical accounting policies disclosed in IF Bancorp, Inc. s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.    Comparison of
Financial Condition at September 30 and June 30, 2016     Total assets decreased $6.9 million, or 1.2%, to $588.7 million at September 30, 2016 from
$595.6 million at June 30, 2016. The decrease was primarily due to an $8.0 million decrease in investment securities and a $3.8 million decrease in net loans, partially offset by a $5.2 million increase in cash and cash equivalents. 
 Net loans receivable, including loans held for sale, decreased by $3.8 million, or 0.9%, to $439.9 million at September 30, 2016, from $443.7 million at June
30, 2016. The decrease in net loans receivable during this period was due primarily to a $4.1 million, or 7.0%, decrease in commercial business loans, a $3.4 million, or 2.3%, decrease in one- to four-family real estate loans, a $1.9 million,
or 2.3%, decrease in multi-family real estate loans, an $889,000, or 8.8%, decrease in consumer loans, and a $203,000, or 2.5%, decrease in home equity lines of credit, partially offset by a $4.1 million, or 3.4%, increase in commercial real estate
loans, and a $2.6 million, or 13.3%, increase in construction loans. The decrease in net loans receivable was primarily due to the pay off of four large loans totaling $6.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
 Investment securities, consisting entirely of securities available for sale, decreased $8.0 million, or 6.6%, to $113.3 million at September 30, 2016, from
$121.3 million at June 30, 2016. Purchased investment securities, consisted primarily of agency debt obligations with terms of four to seven years and fixed-rate mortgage-backed securities with terms of 15 to 30 years. We had no securities
held to maturity at September 30, 2016 or June 30, 2016. 
      37  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, foreclosed assets held for sale decreased $114,000 to $224,000, deferred income tax
asset increased $253,000 to $2.0 million, premises and equipment decreased $118,000 to $4.5 million, and interest receivable increased $138,000 to $1.9 million from the respective balances as of June 30, 2016. Federal Home Loan Bank stock was
$5.4 million at both September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. The decrease in foreclosed assets held for sale was primarily due to the sale of one residential real estate property and the increase in deferred income tax asset was mostly due to a
decrease in the unrealized gain on sale of available-for-sale securities. The decrease in premises and equipment was primarily due to normal quarterly depreciation, while the increase in interest receivable was due to an increase in the average
balance of loans.    At September 30, 2016, our investment in bank-owned life insurance was $8.6 million, an increase of $67,000 from $8.6 million at June
30, 2016. We invest in bank-owned life insurance to provide us with a funding source for our benefit plan obligations. Bank-owned life insurance also generally provides us noninterest income that is non-taxable. Federal regulations
generally limit our investment in bank-owned life insurance to 25% of our Tier 1 capital plus our allowance for loan losses, which totaled $18.2 million at September 30, 2016. 
 Deposits decreased $10.1 million, or 2.3%, to $423.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $433.7 million at June 30, 2016. Certificates of deposit, excluding
brokered certificates of deposit, decreased $7.2 million, or 3.3%, to $209.2 million, brokered certificates of deposit increased $500,000, or 1.2%, to $42.1 million, savings, NOW, and money market accounts decreased $3.6 million, or 2.3%, to $153.1
million, and noninterest bearing demand accounts increased $162,000, or 0.9%, to $19.2 million. The decrease in deposits was primarily due to withdrawals of $7.2 million in certificates of deposit and $1.7 million in money market accounts from two
public entities. Repurchase agreements increased $99,000, or 2.3%, to $4.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $4.4 million at June 30, 2016. Borrowings, which consisted solely of advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago, increased
$3.5 million, or 5.2%, to $70.5 million at September 30, 2016 from $67.0 million at June 30, 2016.   Advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance
decreased $282,000, or 30.3%, to $650,000 at September 30, 2016 from $932,000 at June 30, 2016. Other liabilities increased $79,000, or 3.1%, to $2.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $2.5 million on June 30, 2016. The decrease in
advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance was attributable to the timing of the payment of real estate taxes and insurance, while the increase in other liabilities was due to a general increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses payable
due to the timing of payments.    Total equity decreased $182,000, or 0.2%, to $83.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $84.0 million at June 30,
2016. Equity decreased due to a decrease of $425,000 in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, the repurchase of 47,500 shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $887,250, and dividends payable of $320,000,
partially offset by net income of $1.3 million. The decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income was primarily due to unrealized depreciation on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes. The Company announced a stock repurchase
plan on February 5, 2016, whereby the Company could repurchase up to 207,703 shares of its common stock, or approximately 5% of the then current outstanding shares. There were 47,500 shares of the Company s common stock repurchased by the
Company during the three months ended September 30, 2016, and there were 153,203 shares yet to be repurchased under the plan as of September 30, 2016. 
  Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
   General.   Net income increased $504,000 to $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $799,000 for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to increases in interest income and noninterest income, and decreases in noninterest expense and the provision for loan losses, partially offset by an increase in interest expense.  
   Net Interest Income.       Net interest income increased by $377,000, or 9.1%, to $4.5 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $4.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to an increase of $510,000 in interest income, partially offset by an increase of $133,000 in interest expense. The increase in
net interest income was primarily the result of an increase in the average balance of interest earning assets. We had a $33.2 million, or 6.2% increase in the average balance of interest earning assets, partially offset by a $26.4 million, or
5.8% increase in the average balance of interest bearing liabilities. Net interest margin also increased by 9  
      38  

Table of Contents  

basis points to 3.16% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 3.07% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, while our interest rate spread increased by 7 basis points to
3.04% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2.97% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.     Interest
Income.       Interest income increased $510,000 or 10.4%, to $5.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 The increase in interest
income was primarily due to a $756,000 increase in interest income on loans, partially offset by a $268,000 decrease in interest income on securities. The increase in interest income on loans resulted from a $67.9 million, or 17.8%, increase in
the average balance of loans to $449.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $381.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, as well as a 6 basis point, or 1.5%, increase in the average yield on loans to 4.16% for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, from 4.10% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Interest on securities decreased $268,000, or 27.2%, primarily as a result of a $36.1 million, or 24.3%, decrease in the average balance of
securities to $112.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $148.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Interest on securities also decreased due to an 11 basis point, or 4.1%, decrease in the average
yield on securities to 2.55% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 2.66% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.      Interest
Expense.       Interest expense increased $133,000, or 17.2%, to $907,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $774,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to increases in the
average balance and average cost of both interest bearing deposits and FHLB advances.    Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits increased by
$121,000, or 21.6%, to $682,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $561,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to a $18.3 million, or 4.7% increase in the average balance of interest
bearing deposits to $406.0 million and the increase in the average cost of interest bearing deposits to 0.67% for the three months ended September 2016, from 0.58% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Interest expense on borrowings, including FHLB advances and repurchase agreements, increased $12,000, or 5.6%, to $225,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 from $213,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was due to an increase in the average balance of borrowings to $77.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $69.0 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. This was partially offset by a 7 basis point decrease in the average cost of such borrowings to 1.17% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.24% for the three months ended September 30,
2015.      Provision for Loan Losses.       We establish provisions for loan losses, which are charged to operations in order to
maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level we consider necessary to absorb probable credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio. We recorded a provision for loan losses of $79,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to a provision for loan losses of $480,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses was $5.4 million, or 1.22% of total loans, at September 30, 2016, compared to $4.7 million, or 1.18% of total loans, at
September 30, 2015 and $5.4 million, or 1.19% of total loans, at June 30, 2016. Non-performing loans increased by $345,000 during the three month period ended September 30, 2016. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, a net
recovery of $15,000 was recorded, while during the three months ended September 30, 2015, a net charge-off of $24,000 was recorded.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth information regarding the allowance for loan losses and nonperforming assets at
the dates indicated:      
     Noninterest Income.       Noninterest income increased $43,000, or 4.0%, to $1.1 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in mortgage banking income, net, an increase in gain on sale of loans, and an increase
in other service charges and fees, partially offset by a decrease in net realized gains on the sale of available-for-sale securities and a decrease in brokerage commissions. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, mortgage banking
income, net increased $90,000 to 130,000, gain on sale of loans increased $51,000 to $85,000, and other service charges and fees increased $10,000 to 60,000, while net realized gains on the sale of available-for-sale securities decreased $32,000 to
$117,000, and brokerage commissions decreased $58,000 to $146,000, from the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in mortgage banking income, net, was a result of a higher valuation of mortgage servicing rights in the three months
ended September 2016 than in the three months ended September 30, 2015, and the increase in gain on sale of loans was a result of a larger number of loans sold in the three months ended September 30, 2016 than in the three months ended September 30,
2015. The increase in other service charges and fees was due to an increase in the number of loan fees and an increase in the fee amount. The decrease in net realized gains on the sale of available-for-sale securities was due to a larger
amount of securities sold at a gain in the three months ended September 30, 2015, than in the three months ended September 30, 2016, and the decrease in brokerage commissions reflects decreased activity due to movement in market interest rates.  
   Noninterest Expense.   Noninterest expense decreased $19,000, or 0.5%, and was $3.5 million for both the three months ended September 30,
2016, and for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The largest components of this decrease were compensation and benefits, which decreased $23,000, or 1.0%, professional services, which decreased $24,000, or 16.0%, advertising, which
decreased $18,000, or 20.7%, and telephone and postage, which decreased $18,000, or 29.0%. Compensation and benefits decreased due to staffing changes including the retirement of our Chief Executive Officer, effective September 30,
2015. The decrease in professional services was due to additional services received in the three months ended September 30, 2015, and the decrease in advertising was due to a reduction in media advertising during the three months ended
September 30, 2016. The decrease in telephone and postage was mostly due to a reduction in telephone expense as a result of a telephone system upgrade. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in equipment expense of $45,000,
or 18.1%. Increases in equipment expense were due to more technology upgrades in the three months ended September 30, 2016 than in the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
   Income Tax Expense   .    We recorded a provision for income tax of $772,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to a provision for income tax of $436,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting effective tax rates of 37.2% and 35.3%, respectively. 
      40  

Table of Contents  

   Asset Quality   
 At September 30, 2016, our non-accrual loans totaled $2.5 million, including $1.7 million in one- to four-family real estate loans, $333,000 in multi-family
loans, $62,000 in commercial real estate loans, $316,000 in home equity lines of credit, and $111,000 in commercial business loans.    At September 30,
2016, we had two consumer loans totaling $11,000 delinquent 90 days or greater and still accruing interest.    At September 30, 2016, loans classified as
substandard equaled $3.7 million. Loans classified as substandard consisted of $2.4 million in one- to four-family real estate loans, $495,000 in multi-family loans, $352,000 in commercial real estate loans, $326,000 in home equity lines of
credit, $130,000 in commercial business loans and $11,000 in consumer loans. No loans were classified as doubtful or loss at September 30, 2016.    At
September 30, 2016, watch assets consisted of $1.1 million in one- to four-family real estate loans, $3.4 million in commercial real estate loans, $2.7 million in commercial business loans, and $71,000 in consumer loans.  
   Troubled Debt Restructurings  . Troubled debt restructurings include loans for which economic concessions have been granted to borrowers with
financial difficulties. We periodically modify loans to extend the term or make other concessions to help borrowers stay current on their loans and to avoid foreclosure. At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, we had $2.4 million and $2.3
million, respectively, of troubled debt restructurings. At September 30, 2016 our troubled debt restructurings consisted of $970,000 in one- to four-family real estate loans, $1.3 million in multi-family real estate loans, $8,000 in commercial
real estate loans, $10,000 in home equity lines of credit, and $111,000 in commercial business loans.    At September 30 2016, we had $224,000 in
foreclosed assets compared to $338,000 as of June 30, 2016. Foreclosed assets at September 30, 2016 and at June 30, 2016, consisted entirely of residential real estate properties.  
  Allowance for Loan Loss Activity     The Company regularly
reviews its allowance for loan losses and makes adjustments to its balance based on management s analysis of the loan portfolio, the amount of non-performing and classified loans, as well as general economic conditions. Although the Company
maintains its allowance for loan losses at a level that it considers sufficient to provide for losses, there can be no assurance that future losses will not exceed internal estimates. In addition, the amount of the allowance for loan losses is
subject to review by regulatory agencies, which can order the establishment of additional loss provisions. The following table summarizes changes in the allowance for loan losses over the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Three months ended  
  September 30,   

2016  

2015  

Balance, beginning of period  
    
 $ 
 5,351 

$ 
 4,211 

Loans charged off:  

Real estate loans:  

One- to four-family  

(23 
 )   
 
   Multi-family  

Commercial  

HELOC  

Construction  

Commercial business  

Consumer  

(4 
 )  

(1 
 )   

Gross charged off loans  

(4 
 )  

(24 
 )   

Recoveries of loans previously charged off:  

Real estate loans:  

One- to four-family  

18 

41  

Table of Contents  

The allowance for loan losses has been calculated based upon an evaluation of pertinent factors underlying the various types
and quality of the Company s loans. Management considers such factors as the repayment status of a loan, the estimated net fair value of the underlying collateral, the borrower s intent and ability to repay the loan, local economic
conditions, and the Company s historical loss ratios. We maintain the allowance for loan losses through the provisions for loan losses that we charge to income. We charge losses on loans against the allowance for loan losses when we believe the
collection of loan principal is unlikely. The allowance for loan losses increased $94,000 to $5.4 million at September 30, 2016, from $5.4 million at June 30, 2016. The decrease was primarily the result of a decrease in outstanding loans, and was
necessary in order to bring the allowance for loan losses to a level that reflects management s estimate of the probable loss in the Company s loan portfolio at September 30, 2016.  
 In its quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of its allowance for loan losses, the Company employs historical data including past due percentages, charge-offs,
and recoveries. The Company s allowance methodology weights the most recent twelve-quarter period s net charge-offs and uses this information as one of the primary factors for evaluation of allowance adequacy. The most recent
four-quarter net charge-offs are given a higher weight of 50%, while quarters 5-8 are given a 30% weight and quarters 9-12 are given only a 20% weight. The average net charge-offs in each period are calculated as net charge-offs by portfolio
type for the period as a percentage of the quarter end balance of respective portfolio type over the same period. The following table sets forth the Company s weighted average historical net charge-offs as of September 30 and June 30,
2016:      
   Additionally, in its quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, the Company evaluates changes in
financial conditions of individual borrowers; changes in local, regional, and national economic conditions; the Company s historical loss experience; and changes in market conditions for property pledged to the Company as collateral. The
Company has identified specific qualitative factors that address these issues and subjectively assigns a percentage to each factor. At September 30, 2016, these qualitative factors included: (1) management s assumptions regarding the
minimal level of risk for a given loan category; (2) changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards, and charge-off and recovery practices not considered elsewhere in estimating credit
 
      42  

Table of Contents  

losses; (3) changes in international, national, regional and local economics and business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of the portfolio, including the conditions of
various market segments; (4) changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio and in the terms of loans; (5) changes in the experience, ability, and depth of the lending officers and other relevant staff; (6) changes in the volume and severity of
past due loans, the volume of non-accrual loans, the volume of troubled debt restructured and other loan modifications, and the volume and severity of adversely classified loans; (7) changes in the quality of the loan review system; (8) changes in
the value of the underlying collateral for collateral-dependent loans; (9) the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in the level of such concentrations; and (10) the effect of other external factors such as competition
and legal and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated credit losses in the existing portfolio. The applied loss factors are re-evaluated quarterly to ensure their relevance in the current environment. 
 The qualitative factors are applied to the allowance for loan losses based upon the following percentages by loan type:  
   
   At September 30, 2016, the amount of our allowance for loan losses attributable to these qualitative factors was approximately
$5.3 million, as compared to $5.1 million at June 30, 2016. The general increase in qualitative factors was attributable primarily to the increase in non-accrual loans.  
 While management believes that our asset quality remains strong, it recognizes that, due to the potential growth in the loan portfolio, the increase in
troubled debt restructurings and the potential changes in market conditions, our level of nonperforming assets and resulting charges-offs may fluctuate. Higher levels of net charge-offs requiring additional provisions for loan losses could
result. Although management uses the best information available, the level of the allowance for loan losses remains an estimate that is subject to significant judgment and short-term change.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources     Liquidity is the ability
to meet current and future financial obligations of a short-term nature. Our primary sources of funds consist of deposit inflows, loan sales and repayments, advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago, and maturities of
securities. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and
competition. Our Asset/Liability Management Committee is responsible for establishing and monitoring our liquidity targets and strategies in order to ensure that sufficient liquidity exists for meeting the borrowing needs and deposit
withdrawals of our customers as well as unanticipated contingencies. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended June 30, 2016, our liquidity ratio averaged 19.1% and 21.4% of our total assets, respectively. We believe
that we had enough sources of liquidity to satisfy our short- and long-term liquidity needs as of September 30, 2016.    We regularly monitor and adjust our
investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment of: (i) expected loan demand; (ii) expected deposit flows; (iii) yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities; and (iv) the objectives of our asset/liability management
program. Excess liquid assets are invested generally in interest-earning deposits and short- and medium-term securities.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

  Our most liquid assets are cash and cash equivalents. The levels of these assets are affected by our
operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $11.6   million. Interest-earning time deposits which can offer additional sources of liquidity,
totaled $252,000 at September 30, 2016.   Our cash flows are derived from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities as reported in
our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows included in our financial statements. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.6 million and $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net
cash provided by investing activities consisted primarily of proceeds from the sales, maturities, pay downs of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by disbursements for loan originations and the purchase of securities. Net cash
provided by investing activities was $11.2 million and $6.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net cash used in financing activities consisted primarily of the activity in deposit
accounts. The net cash used in financing activities was $7.7 million and $7.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 The Company must also maintain adequate levels of liquidity to ensure the availability of funds to satisfy loan commitments. The Company anticipates that
it will have sufficient funds available to meet its current commitments principally through the use of current liquid assets and through its borrowing capacity discussed below. The following table summarizes these commitments at September 30,
2016 and June 30, 2016.      
   At September 30, 2016, certificates of deposit due within one year of September 30, 2016 totaled $141.3 million, or 33.4% of
total deposits. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the certificates of deposit due on or before September 30, 2017. It is our intention as we
continue to grow our commercial real estate portfolio, to emphasize lower cost deposit relationships with these commercial loan customers and thereby replace the higher cost certificates with lower cost deposits. We have the ability to attract
and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered.    Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term function of business management. If
we require funds beyond our ability to generate them internally, borrowing agreements exist with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago, which provides an additional source of funds. Federal Home Loan Bank advances were $70.5 million at
September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, we had the ability to borrow up to an additional $115.8 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago and also had the ability to borrow $32.1 million from the Federal Reserve based on current
collateral pledged.    During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, 47,500 shares were repurchased as part of the stock repurchase program that was
announced by the Company on February 5, 2016, which allowed the Company to repurchase up to 200,703 shares of its common stock, or approximately 5% of the then current outstanding shares. Repurchases are made at management s discretion at
prices management considers to be attractive and in the best interests of both the Company and its stockholders, subject to the availability of stock, general market conditions, the trading price of the stock, alternative uses for capital, and the
Company s financial performance. The repurchase plan may be suspended, terminated, or modified at any time for any reason, including market conditions, the cost of purchasing shares, the availability of alternative investment
opportunities, liquidity, and other factors deemed appropriate. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any particular number of shares. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had repurchased 47,500 shares and the
maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan was 153,203. 
      44  

Table of Contents  

  The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations that substantially amend the capital regulations currently
applicable to us. These regulations implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act.    Effective January
1, 2015 (with some changes transitioned into full effectiveness over two to four years), the Association became subject to new capital requirements adopted by the OCC. These new requirements create a new required ratio for common equity Tier 1
( CETI ) capital, increase the leverage and Tier 1 capital ratios, change the risk weight of certain assets for purposes of the risk-based capital ratios, create an additional capital conservation buffer over the required capital ratios,
and change what qualifies as capital for purposes of meeting these various capital requirements. Beginning in 2016, failure to maintain the required capital conservation buffer will limit the ability of the Association to pay dividends,
repurchase shares, or pay discretionary bonuses. The Company is exempt from consolidated capital requirements as those requirements do not apply to certain small savings and loan holding companies with assets under $1 billion.  
 Under the new capital regulations, the minimum capital ratios are: (1) CETI capital ratio of 4.5% of risk-weighted assets; (2) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%
of risk-weighted assets: (3) a total capital ratio of 8.0% of risk-weighted assets; and (4) a leverage ratio of 4.0%. CETI generally consists of common stock and retained earnings, subject to applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions.
   In addition to the minimum CETI, Tier 1 and total capital ratios, the Association will have to maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of
additional CETI capital greater than 2.5% of risk-weighted assets above the required minimum levels in order to avoid limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses based on percentages of eligible
retained income that could be utilized for such actions. This new capital conservation buffer requirement is being phased in beginning in January 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and increasing each year until fully implemented in January
2019.    The Association is subject to various regulatory capital requirements, including a risk-based capital measure. The risk-based capital
guidelines include both a definition of capital and a framework for calculating risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk categories. The OCC s prompt corrective action standards
changed effective January 1, 2015. Under the new standards, in order to be considered well-capitalized, the Association must have a Tier 1 capital to total assets ratio of 5.0% (unchanged), a common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets ratio
(CETI) of 6.5% (new ratio), a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 8.0% (increased from 6.0%), and a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 10.0% (unchanged). The Association exceeds all these new regulatory capital
requirements. The Association is considered  well capitalized  under regulatory guidelines.      
 
      45  

Table of Contents  

   Average Balances and Yields   
 The following tables set forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs, and certain other information at and for the periods indicated. Yields and
costs are presented on an annualized basis. Tax-equivalent yield adjustments have not been made for tax-exempt securities. All average balances are based on month-end balances, which management deems to be representative of the operations of
the Company. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts and
premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense.      
 
      46  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities.    

(2) 
 Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.    

(3) 
 Net interest-earning assets represents total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.    
      47  

Table of Contents  

   Rate/Volume Analysis   
 The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the periods indicated. The rate
column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The net column
represents the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated to the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume in proportion to the
relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of change in each.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       An internal interest rate risk analysis is
performed at least quarterly to assess the Company s Earnings at Risk, Capital at Risk, and Value at Risk. As of September 30, 2016, there were no material changes in interest rate risk from the analysis disclosed in the Company s
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.     

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures       An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of
the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule
13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2016. Based upon such evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period
covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

   Part II   Other Information       

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       The Association and Company are subject to various legal actions arising in the
normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these legal actions is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Association s or the Company s financial condition or results of operations.  

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors       In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully
consider the factors discussed in  Item1A.- Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results of operations. The
risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations.      

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       The following table provides information
regarding the Company s purchase of its common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.      

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None.  

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures       None.  

Item 5.  
  Other Information       None.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits         

31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

101 
    
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30 and June 30, 2016, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and (vi) the notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

50  

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES    
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

IF BANCORP, INC.   

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Walter H. Hasselbring III   

Walter H. Hasselbring III  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Pamela J. Verkler   

Pamela J. Verkler  

Senior Executive Vice President and   Chief
Financial Officer   (Principal Financial Officer)   
 
      51  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d264240dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, Walter H. Hasselbring III, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of IF Bancorp, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors:        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Walter H. Hasselbring III   

Walter H. Hasselbring III  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d264240dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, Pamela J. Verkler, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of IF Bancorp, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors:        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Pamela J. Verkler   

Pamela J. Verkler  

Senior Executive Vice President and   Chief
Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 d264240dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32   
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 Walter H. Hasselbring III, President and Chief Executive Officer of IF Bancorp, Inc., (the  Company ) and Pamela J. Verkler, Senior
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify in their capacity as an officer of the Company that they have reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the
 Report ) and that to the best of their knowledge:      

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Walter H. Hasselbring III   

Walter H. Hasselbring III  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Pamela J. Verkler   

Pamela J. Verkler  

Senior Executive Vice President and   Chief
Financial Officer   
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by
the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 iroq-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 iroq-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 iroq-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 iroq-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 iroq-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 iroq-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

