<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1358483_0001571049-16-019644_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3229179</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>149873</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>211044</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>618878</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1345917</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>838224</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019644.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108164955
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019644
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Everyday Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001358483
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36371
		FILM NUMBER:		161981832

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 HUDSON STREET
		STREET 2:		16TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		718-797-0722

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 HUDSON STREET
		STREET 2:		16TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WATERFRONT MEDIA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060405

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019644.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 t1600679_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

  or  

For the transition period from               to  

Commission file number 001-36371  

Everyday
Health, Inc.   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (646) 728-9500  

(former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes     x 
     No        

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes  
  x      No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
      x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer  
            (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  
          No  
  x  

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s
common stock, $0.01 par value per share, on November 7, 2016, was 33,786,416.    

EVERYDAY HEALTH, INC.  

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

  FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page No.    
 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
       
     1  
 
       ITEM 1. Financial Statements:   
       
     1  
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
       
      1   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
       
     2  
 
       Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)   
       
     3  
 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
       
     4  
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
       
     5  
 
       ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
     15  
 
       ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
     25  
 
       ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures   
       
     25  
 
       PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
       
     25  
 
       ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings   
       
     25  
 
       ITEM 1A. Risk Factors   
       
     25  
 
       ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
     26  
 
       ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
     27  
 
       ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
     27  
 
       ITEM 5. Other Information   
       
     27  
 
       ITEM 6. Exhibits   
       
      28   
 
       SIGNATURES   
       
      29   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

EVERYDAY HEALTH, INC.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (in thousands, except share and per share
data)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

1  

EVERYDAY HEALTH, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

  (in thousands, except share and per share
data, unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

2  

EVERYDAY HEALTH, INC.  

  Consolidated Statement of Stockholders 
Equity  

  (in thousands, except share data, unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

3  

EVERYDAY HEALTH, INC.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (in thousands, unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

4  

EVERYDAY HEALTH, INC.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)  

  (in thousands, except share and per share
data)  

1. Business  

Everyday Health, Inc. (the  Company )
operates a leading digital marketing and communications platform for healthcare marketers seeking to engage and influence consumers
and healthcare professionals. The Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware in January 2002 as Agora Media Inc., and changed
its name to Waterfront Media Inc. in January 2004. In January 2010, the Company changed its name to Everyday Health, Inc. to better
align its corporate identity with the  Everyday Health  brand. 

2. Significant Accounting Policies  

Principles of Consolidation  

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. The results of operations for companies acquired are included
in the consolidated financial statements from the effective date of the acquisition. All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Interim Financial Statements  

The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) on
the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and, in the opinion of management,
include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature considered necessary to present fairly the Company s financial position,
results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year
ending December 31, 2016 or any other future periods, due to seasonality and other business factors. Certain information and note
disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted under the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). These unaudited interim consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto for
the year ended December 31, 2015, which are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March
11, 2016. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates
on historical experience, current business factors and other available information. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates and assumptions, including those related to revenue recognition and deferred
revenue, allowance for doubtful accounts, internal software development costs and website development costs, valuation of long-lived
assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, certain accrued liabilities, income taxes and stock-based compensation. 

Reclassifications  

Certain reclassifications have been made
to the prior period financial statements to conform to the September 30, 2016 presentation. 

Revenue Recognition and Deferred Revenue  

The Company generates its revenue from (i)
advertising and sponsorships and (ii) premium services, including consumer subscriptions, SaaS-based licensing fees and other licensing
fees. Advertising revenue is recognized in the period in which the advertisement is delivered. Revenue from sponsorships, which
includes time and materials based creative services, is recognized over the period the Company substantially satisfies its contractual
obligations as required under the respective sponsorship agreements. When contractual arrangements contain multiple elements, revenue
is allocated to each element based on its relative fair value determined using prices charged when elements are sold separately.
In instances where individual deliverables are not sold separately, or when third-party evidence is not available, fair value is
determined based on management s best estimate of selling price. 

Subscriptions are generally paid in advance
on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis. Subscription revenue, after deducting refunds and charge-backs, is recognized on a straight-line
basis ratably over the subscription periods. SaaS and other licensing revenue is generally recognized on a straight-line basis
ratably over the life of the contract. 

Deferred revenue relates to: (i) subscription
fees for which amounts have been collected but for which revenue has not been recognized, and (ii) advertising and sponsorship
fees and licensing fees billed in advance of when the revenue is to be earned. 

5  

Cost of Revenues  

Cost of revenues consists principally of
the expenses associated with aggregating the total audience across the Company s websites, including (i) royalty expenses
for licensing content for certain websites and for the portion of advertising revenue the Company pays to the owners of certain
other websites, and (ii) media costs associated with audience aggregation activities. Cost of revenues also includes market research
incentives, direct mail marketing and fulfillment costs, data fees for our SaaS-based platform, as well as out-of-pocket costs
related to creative services and costs associated with subscription fees for premium services, ad serving and other expenses. 

Media costs consist primarily of fees paid
to online publishers, Internet search companies and other media channels for search engine and database marketing, and display
advertising. These media activities are attributable to revenue-generating and audience aggregation events, designed to increase
the audience to the websites the Company operates and grow the Company s registered user base.  

Comprehensive Loss  

The Company has no items of other comprehensive
loss, and accordingly net loss is equal to comprehensive loss for all periods presented. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

Due to their short-term maturities, the
carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts
payable and accrued expenses, approximate fair value. Cash equivalents principally consist of the Company s investment in
U.S. Treasury securities and other highly liquid money market funds. The fair value of these investment funds is based on quoted
market prices, which are Level 1 inputs, pursuant to the fair value accounting standard, which establishes a framework for measuring
fair value and requires disclosures about fair value measurements by establishing a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value. The fair value of the Company s debt approximates the recorded amounts as the interest
rates on the credit facilities are based on market interest rates. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are stated at cost.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, ranging from three to five
years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or
the estimated useful life of the improvement. 

The Company incurs costs to develop software
for internal use. The Company expenses all costs that relate to the planning and post-implementation phases of development as product
development expense. Costs incurred in the application development phase, consisting principally of payroll and related benefits,
are capitalized. Upon completion, the capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful
lives, which is generally three years. 

The Company also incurs costs to develop
its websites and mobile applications. The Company expenses all costs that relate to the planning and post-implementation phases
of development as product development expense. Costs incurred in the application development phase, consisting principally of third-party
consultants and related charges, and the costs of content determined to provide a future economic benefit, are capitalized. Upon
completion, the capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which is generally
three years. 

The Company reviews property and equipment
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable.
There were no indicators of impairment of the Company s property and equipment during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, an impairment charge of $1,416 was recorded related to certain
software development projects which the Company decided not to move forward with. The $1,416 charge is included in product development
expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Segment Information  

The Company and its subsidiaries are organized
in a single operating segment, providing digital health marketing and communications solutions, and the Company also has one reportable
segment. Substantially all of the Company s revenues are derived from U.S. sources. 

Recent Accounting Standards  

In April 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued amended guidance for reporting discontinued operations. Under the new guidance, only
disposals that represent a strategic shift having a material impact on an entity s operations and financial results shall
be reported as discontinued operations, with expanded disclosures. The Company adopted this amended guidance as of January 1, 2016,
noting no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

6  

In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting
standards update amending revenue recognition guidance and requiring more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements
to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. In August
2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of the revenue recognition guidance to reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017. Early adoption is permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is continuing to evaluate
its method of adoption and the impact this accounting standard, and related amendments and interpretations, will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued updated guidance
on stock compensation accounting requiring that a performance target that affects vesting and could be achieved after the requisite
service period should be treated as a performance condition. Historically GAAP did not contain explicit guidance on how to account
for such share-based payments. The Company adopted this amended guidance as of January 1, 2016, noting no material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

In April 2015, the FASB issued updated guidance
on the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. The new guidance requires an entity to present such costs in
the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of debt issuance
costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. The Company adopted the amendment retrospectively effective January 1,
2016. As a result of the retrospective adoption, the Company reclassified the unamortized deferred financing costs previously recorded
in other assets, including $1,998 and $1,888 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, to long-term debt in
the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on the Company s consolidated
statements of operations. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued new authoritative
accounting guidance on customer s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement, which provides guidance to customers
about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license,
the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software
licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license, it should be accounted for as a service contract. The revised
guidance was effective as of January 1, 2016 and is applied prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified
after the effective date. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued updated
guidance on business combinations accounting requiring the acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified
during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. Previously, such adjustments
were required to be retrospectively recorded in prior period financial information. The Company adopted this amended guidance as
of January 1, 2016, noting no material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued updated
guidance on balance sheet classification of deferred taxes, requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any related
valuation allowance, to be classified as non-current on the balance sheet. The classification change for all deferred taxes as
non-current simplifies entities  processes as it eliminates the need to separately identify the net current and net non-current
deferred tax asset or liability in each jurisdiction and allocate valuation allowances. This guidance is effective for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, with earlier application permitted. The Company
elected to early adopt this guidance on a retrospective basis beginning in the quarter ended December 31, 2015. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued updated
guidance on leases which, for operating leases, requires a lessee to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception
of short-term leases) at the commencement date: a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments
arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s
right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with earlier application permitted. The Company is
currently evaluating the effects of the adoption and has not yet determined the impact the revised guidance will have on the consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance
on the accounting for employee share-based payments which requires all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recognized
in the income statement instead of as additional paid-in capital, with prospective application required. The guidance also changes
the classification of such tax benefits or tax deficiencies on the consolidated statement of cash flows from a financing activity
to an operating activity, with prospective application required. Additionally, the guidance changes the classification of employee
taxes paid when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes on the consolidated statement of cash flows from an operating
activity, previously included in the changes in accounts payable, to a financing activity, with retrospective application required.
This amended guidance will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those
annual periods, with earlier adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of the adoption and has not yet
determined the impact the revised guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued updated
guidance related to the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments. This guidance addresses eight specific cash
flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are
presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. For public entities, the update becomes effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the effects of adoption and has not yet determined the impact the revised guidance will have on the consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures.   

7  

3. Acquisitions  

Tea Leaves Health, LLC  

In August 2015, the Company acquired 100%
of the limited liability company membership interests of Tea Leaves Health, LLC ( Tea Leaves ), a provider of a SaaS-based
marketing and analytics platform for hospital systems to identify and engage consumers and physicians. The purchase price was valued
at $29,893, consisting of (i) $15,000 in cash paid at closing; (ii) 327,784 shares of the Company s common stock valued at
$3,893, issued at closing and held in escrow for potential post-closing working capital and/or indemnification claims; and (iii)
$11,000 to be paid within six months of closing in cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and
shares of the Company s common stock, in the Company s sole discretion. As a result of $355 working capital and purchase
price adjustments, the fair value of the total consideration amounts to $29,538. In February 2016, the Company entered into an
amendment to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement between the Company, Tea Leaves and the other parties thereto. The amendment
effected certain modifications to the payment terms of the deferred portion of the guaranteed consideration and the terms of the
potential earn-out payment. With respect to the deferred portion of the guaranteed consideration initially scheduled to be paid
within six months of closing, the payment schedule was amended and $5,000 was paid in cash during the three months ended March
31, 2016 and the remaining $5,828 deferred purchase price and related interest was paid in cash during the three months ended June
30, 2016, satisfying the guaranteed portion of the purchase price obligations in full. 

In addition to the purchase price, the former
members of Tea Leaves are eligible to receive an additional $20,000 based on the achievement of a specified financial target as
of December 31, 2016, which, if earned, will be paid in the first quarter of 2017. If earned, the payment will be settled 50% in
cash and 50% in shares of the Company s common stock (see Note 11). The February 2016 amendment permits the former members
of Tea Leaves to promptly receive $5,000 of the total $20,000 earn-out if the specified financial target is achieved at any time
prior to December 31, 2016, and such amount is not subject to forfeiture. If the $5,000 payment is made prior to December 31, 2016,
the remaining $15,000 of the earn-out remains subject to achievement of the financial target as of December 31, 2016, and will
be paid in the first quarter of 2017, if earned. If the $5,000 payment is not made as the financial target is not met during 2016,
but is met as of December 31, 2016, the full $20,000 earn-out payment will be paid in the first quarter of 2017. The earn-out payment
is contingent upon the continued employment with the Company of certain former members of Tea Leaves, and the Company records such
earn-outs as compensation expense. The Company accrued $3,530 and $10,589 in compensation expense related to the earn-out during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which together with $5,882 accrued during 2015 is reflected in
accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. Of the $10,589 earn-out
accrued during 2016, $7,412 is included in product development expense, $2,118 is included in sales and marketing expense, and
$1,059 is included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. 

The acquisition was accounted for as a business
combination and, accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on the respective fair values. The results of operations of Tea Leaves have been included in the consolidated financial statements
of the Company from August 6, 2015, the closing date of the acquisition. 

The following table summarizes the allocation
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values. 

Goodwill recognized as a result of the Tea
Leaves acquisition is primarily attributable to expected synergies from enabling the Company to offer an integrated suite of software
and media solutions that will allow hospital systems to target both consumers and physicians. All of the goodwill is expected to
be deductible for tax purposes. 

Cambridge BioMarketing Group, LLC  

In March 2015, the Company acquired 100%
of the limited liability company membership interests of Cambridge BioMarketing Group, LLC ( Cambridge ), a provider
of strategic launch and marketing solutions for orphan and rare disease products, for a total purchase price of $32,273, of which
$24,273 was paid in cash at closing. The remaining $8,000 obligation at closing was comprised of convertible notes that could either
convert into shares of the Company s common stock or be paid in cash at the discretion of the Company. The Company paid the
$8,000 obligation in cash in May 2015. As a result of $216 working capital and other purchase price adjustments, the fair value
of the total consideration amounts to $32,057. In addition to the purchase price described above, the former members of Cambridge
were eligible to receive up to an additional $5,000 in cash based on Cambridge s achievement of certain revenue and Adjusted
EBITDA targets for 2015. This earn-out payment was contingent upon the continued employment with the Company of certain former
members of Cambridge at the time the earn-out payment was due. The Company records such earn-outs as compensation expense for the
applicable periods, with all but $87 of the $5,000 having been accrued during 2015. During the three months ended March 31, 2016,
the Company paid $5,000 in cash and recorded the remaining $87 expense related to this earn-out. 

8  

The acquisition was accounted for as a
business combination and, accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on the respective fair values. The results of operations of Cambridge have been included in the consolidated financial
statements of the Company from March 20, 2015, the closing date of the acquisition. 

The following table summarizes the allocation
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values. 

Goodwill recognized as a result of the
Cambridge acquisition is primarily attributable to expected synergies from broadening the Company s strategic marketing and
communications solutions to pharmaceutical brands targeting orphan and rare diseases. All of the goodwill is expected to be deductible
for tax purposes. 

4. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, goodwill decreased by $172 during the subsequent measurement period from purchase price adjustments related to the Tea Leaves
acquisition (see Note 3). 

The carrying value of the Company s
goodwill was $165,099 as of September 30, 2016. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of October 1, and whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Application of the impairment test
requires judgment and results in impairment being recognized if the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. No indicators
of impairment were noted during or since the Company s last evaluation of goodwill at October 1, 2015. Similarly, the Company s
definite-lived intangible assets with a net carrying value of $39,775 at September 30, 2016, consisting principally of trade names
and customer relationships, is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
of the asset may not be recoverable. There were no indicators of impairment of the Company s definite-lived intangible assets
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Definite-lived intangible assets consist
of the following: 

(1)   
      The calculation of the weighted-average remaining useful life is based on weighting the net book value of each asset in its group, and applying the weight to its respective remaining amortization period.   

Amortization expense relating to the definite-lived
intangible assets totaled $1,541 and $1,695 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $4,623 and
$4,623 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and is included in general and administrative expenses
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Future amortization expense of the intangible
assets is estimated to be as follows: 

9  

5. Long-Term Debt  

The Company entered into a credit
facility agreement with a syndicated bank group in March 2014, which replaced its then-existing credit facility. The new
credit facility consisted of a revolver ( Revolver ) with a maximum borrowing limit of $35,000 and a term loan
( Term Loan ) of $40,000. In November 2014, in connection with an acquisition, the credit facility was amended
and restated to, among other things, (i) increase the maximum borrowing limit of the Revolver from $35,000 to $55,000 
(ii) increase the Term Loan from $39,000 outstanding as of such date to $60,000  (iii) extend the maturity date of the
Term Loan and the due date of principal on the Revolver from March 2019 to November 2019  and (iv) effect certain
modifications to the covenants and terms set forth in the credit facility agreement. In March 2015, the amended and restated
credit facility was further amended twice to, among other things, (i) consent to the acquisition of Cambridge; (ii) increase
the Term Loan from $59,250 outstanding as of such date to $67,750  (iii) increase the maximum borrowing limit of the
Revolver from $55,000 to $82,250  and (iv) effect certain modifications to the covenants and terms set forth in the
credit facility agreement. In August 2015, the Company entered into a third amendment to the credit facility to modify a
certain defined term  however, all other material terms and conditions of the credit facility remained unchanged by the
August 2015 amendment. In February 2016 and September 2016, the Company  entered into  further
amendments  to the credit facility (as amended, the  Credit Facility ), which  effected certain
modifications to the financial covenants and terms set forth in the Credit Facility. 

The repayment terms of the Revolver provide
for quarterly interest payments, with the principal being due in full in November 2019. The repayment terms of the Term Loan provide
for quarterly interest and principal payments, with a maturity date of November 2019. On an annual basis, a calculation is performed
to determine excess cash flow, as defined in the Credit Facility agreement, which could result in a mandatory prepayment of excess
cash flow in addition to the aforementioned scheduled Term Loan payments. In April 2016, the Company paid $4,494 as a mandatory
prepayment of excess cash flow, treated as a reduction to the Term Loan principal balance. The interest rate on the Credit Facility
is equal to the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, plus a variable rate ranging from 2.75% to 4.0% depending on the Company s
consolidated leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Facility agreement, and there is a 0.50% commitment fee on the unused portion
of the Revolver. As of September 30, 2016, the interest rate on the Credit Facility was 4.90%. As of September 30, 2016, there
was $56,481 outstanding on the Term Loan and $60,000 outstanding on the Revolver, with $22,250 available to be drawn on the Revolver. 

The Credit Facility contains certain financial
and operational covenants, including requirements to maintain a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum
consolidated leverage ratio, each as defined in the Credit Facility agreement, as well as restrictions on certain types of dispositions,
mergers and acquisitions, indebtedness, investments, liens and capital expenditures, issuance of capital stock and the Company s
ability to pay dividends. The Credit Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s
existing and future assets. The Company was in compliance with the financial and operational covenants of the Credit Facility as
of September 30, 2016. 

During the years ended December 31, 2015
and December 31, 2014, the Company incurred financing costs totaling $792 and $2,899, respectively. During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred financing costs of $220 and $575, respectively in connection with the February 2016
and September 2016 amendments to the Credit Facility. The long-term debt balances as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
in the accompanying balance sheets are presented net of unamortized deferred financing costs of $1,998 and $1,888, respectively. 

6. Common Stock and Preferred Stock  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

In April 2014, in connection with the closing
of the Company s initial public offering ( IPO ), the Company filed an amended and restated certificate of incorporation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware that amended and restated in its entirety the Company s certificate
of incorporation to, among other things, increase the total number of shares of the Company s common stock that the Company
is authorized to issue to 90,000,000, eliminate all references to the various series of preferred stock that were previously authorized
(including certain protective measures held by the various series of preferred stock), and to authorize up to 10,000,000 shares
of undesignated preferred stock that may be issued from time to time with terms to be set by the Company s Board of Directors,
which rights could be senior to those of the Company s common stock. 

7. Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company has granted non-statutory stock
options and restricted stock unit awards to employees, directors and consultants of the Company pursuant to its 2003 Stock Option
Plan, as amended (the  2003 Plan ), and 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ), which became effective
immediately upon the signing of the underwriting agreement related to the IPO in March 2014. Upon the effectiveness of the 2014
Plan, no additional equity awards have been or will be granted under the 2003 Plan. The 2014 Plan provides for the grant of stock
options, restricted stock units, and other awards based on the Company s common stock. 

As of September 30, 2016, 381,893 shares
have been reserved for issuance under the 2014 Plan. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2014
Plan is subject to an automatic increase on January 1 of each year through January 1, 2024, by the lesser of (a) 4% of the total
number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year and (b) a number
of shares determined by the Board of Directors. 

10  

Stock Options  

The following table summarizes stock option
activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Proceeds from the exercise of options and
the total intrinsic value of the options exercised were $390 and $122, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
and $112 and $112, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Proceeds from the exercise of options and the total
intrinsic value of the options exercised were $494 and $146, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $1,881
and $1,388, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The weighted-average fair value per share
at date of grant for options granted was $2.25 and $5.36 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
fair value of options granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recognized in
expense over the vesting period of the options using the graded attribution method. 

The following table presents the weighted-average
assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options granted in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The expected stock price volatilities are
estimated based on historical realized volatilities of comparable publicly traded company stock prices over a period of time commensurate
with the expected term of the option award. The expected life represents the period of time for which the options granted are expected
to be outstanding. The Company used the simplified method for determining expected life for options qualifying for treatment due
to the limited history the Company currently has with option exercise activity. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S.
Treasury yield curve for periods equal to the expected term of the options on the grant date. 

Total stock-based compensation expense related
to stock options was $597 and $1,471 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1,769 and $4,940
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, there was approximately
$1,555 of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 1.02 years. The total fair value of stock options vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was
$3,189 and $5,183, respectively. 

Restricted Stock Unit Awards  

The Company s restricted stock unit
awards ( RSUs ) are agreements to issue shares of the Company s common stock to employees in the future, upon
the satisfaction of certain vesting conditions, which cause them to be subject to risk of forfeiture and restrict the award-holder s
ability to sell or otherwise transfer such RSUs until they vest. Generally, the Company s RSU grants vest over three years
from the grant date, or in certain instances over a shorter period, subject to continued employment on the applicable vesting dates.
The following table summarizes the unvested RSU activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

(1)   
      RSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes the grant of 40,000 units of performance-based RSUs that are dependent upon the Company meeting certain performance criteria. The Company has adjusted stock-based compensation expense recognized to-date to reflect estimated performance related to these awards.   

11  

The total grant-date fair value of RSUs
vested during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $655 and $5,394, respectively. The total grant-date fair value
of RSUs vested during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $0 and $26, respectively. The fair value of RSUs granted
is recognized in expense over the vesting period using the graded attribution method. Total stock-based compensation expense related
to RSUs was $2,120 and $1,343 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $8,576 and $2,867 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, there was approximately
$5,226 of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 1.12 years. 

2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan  

The ESPP, which became effective immediately
upon the signing of the underwriting agreement related to the IPO in March 2014, authorized the issuance of 500,000 shares of the
Company s common stock pursuant to purchase rights granted to employees. The number of shares of common stock reserved for
issuance under the ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year from January 1, 2015 through January 1,
2024 by the least of (a) 1% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar
year, (b) 400,000 shares and (c) a number determined by the Board of Directors that is less than (a) and (b). Unless otherwise
determined by the Board of Directors, common stock will be purchased for participating employees at a price per share equal to
the lower of (a) 85% of the fair market value of a share of the common stock on the first date of an offering, or (b) 85% of the
fair market value of a share of the common stock on the date of purchase. Generally, all regular employees may participate in the
ESPP and may contribute, through payroll deductions, up to 15% of their earnings toward the purchase of common stock under the
ESPP. Under the terms of the ESPP, there are defined limitations as to the amount and value of common stock that can be purchased
by each employee. 

The Company s first offering period
ended in May 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, employees purchased 176,592 shares of common stock pursuant
to the ESPP at a weighted-average exercise price of $5.11. As of September 30, 2016, 555,568 shares of common stock were reserved
for future issuance under the ESPP. The second offering period commenced in May 2016, with the same terms as the first offering
period. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, charges incurred under the ESPP totaled $294 and $158, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, charges incurred under the ESPP totaled $501 and $409, respectively. 

There was $714 of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to purchase rights under the ESPP as of September 30, 2016. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of less than one year. 

8. Net Loss per Common Share  

Basic net loss per common share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. 

Diluted net loss per common share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period, adjusted to reflect potentially
dilutive securities. Potentially dilutive securities consist of incremental shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock
options, restricted stock units, and warrants using the treasury stock method, and employee withholdings to purchase common stock
under the ESPP. Due to the net losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had such potentially
dilutive securities outstanding which were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per common share, as the effects
would have been anti-dilutive. Accordingly, the basic and diluted weighted-average number of common shares outstanding are the
same for the following periods presented: 

12  

The Company has excluded its outstanding
stock options, restricted stock units and warrants, as well as employee withholdings under the ESPP, from the calculation of diluted
net loss per common share during the periods in which such securities were anti-dilutive. The following table presents the total
weighted-average number of such securities during the periods presented: 

9. Income Taxes  

The Company s interim and annual tax
provision is generally comprised of a deferred tax provision pertaining to basis differences in indefinite lived intangible assets
that cannot be offset by current year deferred tax assets, as well as, to a much lesser extent, a current tax provision for federal,
state, local and foreign taxes. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company calculated its full year 2016
estimated income tax provision and recorded the pro-rated tax provision in the quarters, referred to herein as the discrete method.
The Company concluded that it was within the exception under the interim tax accounting guidance, which requires the use of the
estimated Annual Effective Tax Rate ( AETR ) method, because the Company s full year forecast of income before
taxes is at or near breakeven. Further, normal deviations in the projected full year income would result in disproportionate and
material changes to the interim tax provisions under the AETR method. During 2015, the Company recorded the interim tax provision
using the AETR method for the quarters ended March 31, 2015 and June 30, 2015 but determined during the quarter ended September
30, 2015 that the AETR method was no longer yielding a reliable interim tax provision and, accordingly, began using the discrete
method indicated above. 

The Company s deferred tax assets
relate primarily to net operating loss ( NOL ) carryforwards and to a smaller extent stock based compensation and other
items. The Company has provided a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets to the extent the Company has determined that
it is more likely than not that such net deferred tax assets will not be realizable. In determining realizability, the Company
considered various factors including historical profitability and reversing temporary differences, exclusive of indefinite-lived
intangibles. The Company s deferred tax liabilities arose primarily from basis differences in indefinite-lived intangible
assets that cannot be offset by current year deferred tax assets. 

At December 31, 2015, the Company had approximately
$104,042 of NOL carryforwards available to offset future taxable income, which expire from 2024 through 2033. The full utilization
of these losses in the future is dependent upon the Company s ability to generate taxable income and may also be limited
due to ownership changes, as defined under the provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The
Company s NOL carryforwards at December 31, 2015 included $7,517 of income tax deductions related to equity compensation
that are greater than the compensation recognized for financial reporting, which will be reflected as a credit to additional paid-in
capital as realized. 

The Company is subject to taxation in the
U.S. and various federal, state, local and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is not subject to U.S. federal, state or non-U.S.
income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2010. However, to the extent U.S. federal and state NOL carryforwards
are utilized, the use of NOLs could be subject to examination by the tax authorities. The Company believes that it has appropriate
support for the income tax positions taken and to be taken on its tax returns and that its accruals for tax liabilities are adequate
for all open years based on assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. The Company regularly
assesses the adequacy of its income tax contingencies in accordance with the tax accounting guidance. As a result, the Company
may adjust its income tax contingency liabilities for the impact of new facts and developments, such as changes in interpretations
of relevant tax law and assessments from taxing authorities. 

10. Commitments and Contingencies  

The Company is subject to certain claims
that have arisen in the ordinary conduct of business. Based on the advice of counsel and an assessment of the nature and status
of any potential claim, and taking into account any accruals the Company may have established for them, the Company currently believes
that any liabilities ultimately resulting from such claims will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse
effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

11. Subsequent Events  

Merger Agreement   

On October 21, 2016, the Company entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Ziff Davis, LLC ( Parent ), Project
Echo Acquisition Corp., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ( Purchaser ), and, solely for purposes of Section
9.11 thereof, j2 Global, Inc. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Purchaser
commenced a tender offer on November 2, 2016 to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company at a purchase
price of $10.50 per share in cash, without interest, subject to any withholding of taxes required by applicable law (the  Offer ).
The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that, on the first business day after Purchaser accepts for payment and pays
for such number of shares validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Purchaser will merge with and into the Company (the  Merger ),
the separate existence of Purchaser will cease and the Company will continue as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Parent. 

The Board of Directors of the Company unanimously
approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger. 

13  

The Offer is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of a number of conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, including, among other things: (i) that the number of shares
validly tendered and not properly withdrawn in accordance with the terms of the Offer must represent at least one share more than
50% of the sum of (x) the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the expiration of the Offer plus (y) the aggregate
number of shares issuable to holders of the Company s stock options from which the Company has received notices of exercise
prior to the expiration of the Offer (and as to which shares have not yet been issued to such exercising holders of stock options)
plus (z) the aggregate number of shares issuable upon the deemed exercise of any warrants pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and
(ii) the expiration or early termination of any applicable waiting period (and any extension thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended. The obligations of Parent and Purchaser to complete the Offer and the Merger are
not subject to any financing condition. 

Additional information about the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, is set forth in the Form 8-K filed with
the SEC on October 21, 2016 and the Schedule 14D-9 filed with the SEC on November 2, 2016. 

Tea Leaves Purchase Agreement Amendment   

On October 17, 2016, the Company entered
into a second amendment to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement between the Company, Tea Leaves and the other parties thereto
(as amended, the  Purchase Agreement ). This amendment modified the terms of the potential earn-out payment, such that
the entire earn-out payment due to the former members of Tea Leaves, if earned, may be paid in cash at the Company s election.
All other terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement remained unchanged by the amendment. 

14  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows should be read in conjunction with (1) the unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and (2) the audited
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on March 11, 2016.  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as  anticipate, 
 believe,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend, 
 may,   plan,   project,   will,   would  or the negative or plural
of these words or similar expressions or variations. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties,
assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future
results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those identified herein, and those discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in our other SEC filings. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as
predictions of future events. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as
required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date of such statements.  

Overview  

Everyday Health, Inc., or  we 
or  us,  operates a leading digital marketing and communications platform for healthcare marketers seeking to engage
and influence consumers and healthcare professionals. We combine premium health and wellness content with sophisticated proprietary
data and analytics tools to enable healthcare marketers to communicate with our large audience of consumers and healthcare professionals.
During 2015, our customers included five of the top ten global advertisers in 2014, as compiled by Advertising Age, 24 of the top
25 global pharmaceutical companies ranked by 2014 revenue, and more than 350 hospitals across 30 states, including six of the top
ten largest health systems in the U.S. 

We derive a significant majority of our
revenues from the sale of digital advertising and sponsorship solutions that engage consumers and healthcare professionals across
a variety of health categories. In recent years, we have significantly expanded our advertising and sponsorship market opportunity,
diversified our customer base and increased the types of marketing solutions that we offer our customers. We specialize in providing
highly-customized, data-driven solutions that can precisely target niche health audiences, and which are designed to be effective
on a desktop or mobile device. We believe our customers view our data-driven digital marketing solutions as both superior to traditional
media channels, which lack interactivity and the ability to measure and optimize return on investment, or ROI, in real time, and
superior to other online media channels, which lack the data or technology to target the desired audience or measure the effectiveness
of the campaign. 

To a lesser extent, we generate revenues
from the sale of our premium services, which consist primarily of (i) fees from hospitals for licensing our SaaS-based marketing
and analytics platform and (ii) digital subscriptions sold to consumers for access to our consumer diet and fitness properties.
In recent years, we have intentionally decreased our focus on generating revenues from consumer subscriptions and this trend will
continue in 2016. 

Prior to late 2010, our primary focus was
on offering content and tools to consumers and selling marketing solutions targeting only health consumers. In late 2010, we made
a strategic decision to expand our business into the market for providing content and marketing solutions targeting healthcare
professionals through our acquisition of MedPage Holdings, Inc., or MPT. We believe that the entry into the healthcare professional
market provided us with a significant revenue opportunity because pharmaceutical companies spend a larger percentage of their marketing
budgets targeting healthcare professionals as compared to consumers. 

In late 2014, we expanded further into the
healthcare professional sector with the acquisition of DoctorDirectory.com, Inc., or DD, a provider of multi-channel marketing
solutions for pharmaceutical brands seeking to influence healthcare professionals. The acquisition of DD helped deepen our penetration
into the healthcare professional market by significantly increasing our physician audience and enhancing our sophisticated ROI-based
marketing solutions that we offer advertisers seeking to engage with healthcare professionals. 

In March 2015, we expanded our ability to
service pharmaceutical companies through the acquisition of Cambridge BioMarketing Group, LLC, or Cambridge, a provider of strategic
launch and marketing solutions for orphan and rare disease products. Following this acquisition, we believe that our platform can
service our pharmaceutical partners across the entire spectrum of therapeutic areas, including orphan, specialty and mass market
brands, as well as provide solutions throughout the entire lifecycle of pharmaceutical marketing, from the strategic phase of pre-launch,
during the growth years and beyond the loss of patent exclusivity. 

In 2014 and 2015, we made the strategic
decision to leverage our existing assets to generate revenue from new customer bases across the broader healthcare landscape, particularly
payers and providers. Specifically, the goal was to utilize our large, highly-engaged audience, premium content and tools, and
advanced data and analytics capabilities to engage and influence consumers and healthcare professionals on behalf of entities such
as health insurers and hospitals. In August 2015, we acquired Tea Leaves Health, LLC, or Tea Leaves, a provider of a SaaS-based
marketing and analytics platform for hospital systems to identify and engage consumers and physicians. Tea Leaves generates revenues
from multi-year contracts with recurring licensing fees, as well as related custom marketing programs that drive incremental advertising
revenue. We believe there is a significant revenue opportunity in providing hospital systems with marketing solutions to target
both consumers and physicians and to provide measurable ROI for their strategic planning and marketing efforts. 

15  

We expect our advertising and sponsorship
revenues to increase in 2016. We expect our premium services revenue to decrease in 2016, as the increase in hospital SaaS revenue
will be offset by the decline in consumer subscription revenues. 

We also track our revenue performance across
consumer, professional and payer/provider as customers may purchase a suite of  Everyday Health  solutions that incorporate
licensing, media and other creative services. For example, with our hospital customers, we generate SaaS revenue from licensing
our platform and advertising revenue from implementing marketing programs for the same hospitals. In 2015, our direct to consumer
revenue was 63% of total revenue, our direct to professional revenue was 33% of total revenue and our revenue from payers and providers
was 4% of total revenue. We expect our direct to professional revenue and revenue from payers and providers to increase as a percentage
of our total revenues in 2016 and beyond. 

Recent Developments  

Merger Agreement   

On October 21, 2016, we announced that we
had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Ziff Davis, LLC ( Parent ),
Project Echo Acquisition Corp., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ( Purchaser ), and, solely for Section 9.11
thereof, j2 Global, Inc., pursuant to which and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Purchaser
commenced a tender offer on November 2, 2016 (the  Offer ) to purchase all of the outstanding shares of our common
stock at a purchase price of $10.50 per share in cash, without interest, subject to any withholding of taxes required by applicable
law. Following completion of the Offer, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions set forth in the Merger
Agreement, Purchaser will merge with and into us, and we will survive as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the  Merger ). 

For additional information about the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, see  Item 1. Financial Statements
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   Note 11  included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. 

Background Information  

Key Trends Affecting Our Business   

We believe that the following key trends
drive our ability to continue to grow our business: 

Marketers are allocating an increasing proportion of their advertising
budget to online advertising and are seeking solutions that better target their audience and maximize ROI. We believe that the
ability to offer complex data-driven solutions that demonstrate ROI will be a key determinant in our success in attracting marketing
dollars in the coming years. We also believe that the online percentage of the total health-related advertising market is still
relatively small, and that this percentage will increase in the coming years.    

The Internet and mobile devices have become indispensable for both
consumers seeking to take a more active role in managing their diverse health and wellness needs and healthcare professionals striving
to provide better care for their patients and manage their practices more efficiently. We believe that individuals will increasingly
seek out digital content and solutions, and spend more time interacting with these digital channels, to educate themselves, directly
manage and monitor their health and wellness, and make a wide array of other health-related purchase decisions, including purchasing
health insurance.    

The pharmaceutical industry is experiencing a major shift from large
mass-market  blockbuster  drugs to niche or specialty medications that target discrete patient populations. At the
same time, dramatically-reduced sales forces and other restrictions on interacting directly with physicians have made it more difficult
for pharmaceutical companies to efficiently market their products and services. As a result, we believe the need for these companies
to interact with consumers and physicians more directly through digital channels will increase significantly.    

The evolving healthcare environment is forcing many health-related
companies to face new challenges and adopt, in many cases for the first time, strategies targeting consumers and healthcare professionals.
We believe our large and engaged audience, premium brands and rich database of user information afford us a significant opportunity
to grow our revenues as these entities, including health insurance companies, pharmacy benefit management companies and health
information technology vendors, seek new ways to drive down costs, acquire new customers and utilize technology to achieve better
health outcomes.    

Revenues   

Advertising and sponsorship revenues constitute
a significant majority of our total revenues. We also generate revenues from premium services, which consist primarily of digital
subscriptions sold to consumers and fees from hospitals for licensing our SaaS-based marketing and analytics platform. 

Given the size and scope of our content
and audience assets, we offer a variety of advertising and sponsorship solutions that engage consumers and healthcare professionals
across a variety of health categories. Our diverse customer base for these marketing solutions consists primarily of pharmaceutical
companies, manufacturers and retailers of over-the-counter products and consumer-packaged-goods, and, to a lesser extent, healthcare
providers, such as hospital systems, and health insurers. Pharmaceutical companies represent our largest customer group. In addition
to offering a wide range of marketing solutions, we also utilize a variety of revenue models depending on the specific needs and
profile of the customer. For example, we may price our marketing solutions on (i) a fixed fee basis, (ii) a cost-per-impression
(CPM) or cost-per-visitor (CPV) basis, or (iii) the ROI we deliver from a specific campaign. An increasing number of our marketing
programs provide for revenues to us based primarily upon the ROI we deliver, such as the increase in prescription activity for
a pharmaceutical product. 

More specifically, our advertising and sponsorship
solutions include, among others: 

display advertisements on our properties and in our free e-mail newsletters,
which are primarily sold based on a cost-per-impression advertising model;    

interactive brand sponsorships, which consist of our integrated database
marketing programs and sponsorships on our properties, which typically include both components that are sold based on a CPM basis
(in which we are paid based on the number of advertisements we display) and components that are sold based on a CPV basis (in which
we are paid for delivering a visitor to an advertiser s website), and sometimes include a production fee;    

16  

customer acquisition marketing programs, which are sold based on the
number of qualified potential customers that are provided to our advertisers;    

programs that allow marketers the opportunity to target specific audiences
outside of our properties using our audience data and analytics;    

marketing programs that provide for revenues based upon the ROI we
deliver for our customers, primarily pharmaceutical customers; and    

marketing programs that are sold based on a time and materials basis.    

Although we typically do not distinguish
between desktop and mobile channels in the structuring and pricing of our marketing campaigns, mobile channels have become increasingly
important in fulfilling these campaigns as overall mobile traffic has increased. 

Our premium services revenues include revenues
generated from subscriptions sold to individuals who purchase access for a defined period of time to one or more of our properties.
Our subscription services are designed to provide the consumer with the ability to access consumer health content from well-recognized
sources, and to personalize or customize a specific health or wellness program. Over the last several years, we have intentionally
focused more directly on increasing our advertising and sponsorship revenues and less on expanding our consumer subscription revenues.
By virtue of our acquisition of Tea Leaves in August 2015, premium services revenues also include fees generated from the license
of Tea Leaves  SaaS-based marketing and analytics platform to hospital systems. These licensing agreements are typically
multi-year contracts with recurring licensing fees. The related custom marketing programs that are sold to hospital customers that
license our SaaS platform are allocated to advertising and sponsorship revenues. 

The timing of our revenues is affected by
certain seasonal factors. Our advertising and sponsorship revenues are traditionally the lowest in the first quarter of the year,
due primarily to the seasonal spend patterns of our customers, and increases thereafter with the highest advertising and sponsorship
revenues in the fourth quarter of the year. As a result of these trends, our gross margin tends to be lowest in the first quarter
of each calendar year, typically increasing thereafter. We anticipate that, as our revenues increase, our gross profit will continue
to increase while our period-over-period gross margin may not increase commensurately. 

Cost of Revenues, Gross Profit and Gross Margin   

The  Everyday Health  platform provides
digital marketing and communications solutions that engage consumers and healthcare professionals across a variety of health categories.
Cost of revenues consists primarily of the expenses associated with aggregating the total audience across the  Everyday Health 
properties or delivering an audience to fulfill a marketing campaign. These costs include: 

media costs;    

royalty payments to our partners; and    

to a lesser extent, market research incentives, direct mail marketing
and fulfillment costs, data fees for our SaaS-based platform, as well as costs associated with subscription fees for our premium
services, ad serving and other expenses.    

Media costs consist primarily of fees paid
to online publishers, Internet search companies and other media channels where we advertise our properties. These media activities
are directly attributable to generating revenue, increasing the audience to the properties we operate, accumulating qualified leads,
and growing our registered user base. Our partner royalties are generally based on the amount of revenues generated on the particular
property. In some cases, we guarantee the partner a minimum annual payment. 

We carefully monitor our gross profit and
gross margin because they are key indicators of our financial performance and success in aggregating and monetizing our audience
across the  Everyday Health  properties. Gross profit is defined as total revenues minus cost of revenues. Gross margin is
defined as our gross profit as a percentage of our total revenues. While we focus on the growth of both gross profit and gross
margin, we may make investments from time to time that will position us for growth at the expense of gross margin. 

Since our operating decisions are based
on aggregating and monetizing our audience as a whole, we believe that our aggregate gross profit is an important measure of our
overall performance. Additionally, some of the other costs to operate our properties, such as product development expenses, website
hosting and maintenance expenses, are included in operating expenses and not reflected in our cost of revenues. As a result, we
also believe that our Adjusted EBITDA is an important metric for measuring our overall financial performance (for a detailed description
of Adjusted EBITDA, see  Supplemental Financial Information  below). 

Both our revenues and gross profit increased
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the prior year period, as shown in the table below. 

17  

We expect our gross profit to continue to
improve in the near term as we continue to aggregate our audience more efficiently and enhance our monetization capabilities. While
we expect our cost of revenues to continue to increase on an absolute basis in the foreseeable future, we do not believe that any
such increases will negatively impact our gross profit or Adjusted EBITDA since we anticipate that the growth in our total revenues
will continue to exceed the increase in our cost of revenues on a year-over-year basis. 

Operating Expenses   

Sales and Marketing.   Sales
and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including commissions and non-cash stock compensation, for
our sales and account management, research, marketing, data analytics and creative design personnel, as well as compensation expense
related to acquisition earn-outs and retention bonuses, fees for third-party professional marketing and analytical services and
depreciation and amortization expense pertaining to property and equipment. Our sales and marketing departments include data analytics
personnel that analyze traffic and advertising ROI data to determine the effectiveness of advertising and marketing campaigns.
We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase as we increase the number of sales, sales support, marketing and analytical
personnel. 

Product Development.   Product
development expenses consist primarily of costs related to the products and services we provide to our audience, including the
costs associated with the operation and maintenance of our website properties. These costs primarily consist of personnel-related
expenses, including non-cash stock compensation, for our editorial, product management, technology and customer service personnel,
and compensation expense related to acquisition earn-outs. Product development expenses also include fees paid to editorial and
technology consultants; other technology costs incurred for maintenance to our technology platforms and infrastructure; depreciation
and amortization expense pertaining to property and equipment and capitalized technology costs, including website and mobile development
costs and acquired technology assets; and impairments of product development assets when such assets are no longer expected to
provide future benefit. We expect our investment in product development to increase as we continue to increase our editorial, product
development and technology resources, and as we enhance our product offerings by creating and licensing content, tools and applications,
including new offerings for payers and providers. 

General and Administrative.   General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including non-cash stock compensation, for our executive,
finance, legal, human resources and other administrative personnel, as well as compensation expense related to acquisition earn-outs,
accounting and legal professional fees and other general corporate expenses, including insurance, facilities expenses and depreciation
and amortization expense pertaining to property and equipment and amortization of definite-lived intangible assets. We expect our
general and administrative expenses to increase as we continue to expand our business. 

Interest Expense, Net   

These amounts consist principally of interest
expense, partially offset by interest income, as well as amortization expense related to deferred financing costs. Interest expense
is primarily related to our credit facilities. 

Income Taxes   

We are subject to tax at the federal, state
and local level in the U.S. and in one foreign jurisdiction. Earnings from our limited non-U.S. activities are subject to local
country income tax and may also be subject to U.S. income tax. 

As of December 31, 2015, we had approximately
$104.0 million of net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards available to offset future taxable income. The U.S. federal NOL carryforwards
will expire from 2024 through 2033. The full utilization of these NOL carryforwards in the future will be dependent upon our ability
to generate taxable income and could be limited due to ownership changes, as defined under the provisions of Section 382 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Specifically, Section 382 contains rules that limit the ability of a company that undergoes
an ownership change, which is generally any change in ownership of more than 50% of its stock over a three-year period, to use
its previously-recognized NOL carryforwards and specified built-in losses in years after the ownership change. We completed an
analysis in 2015 to determine the impact that past ownership changes may have on our ability to use our NOL carryforwards and
have determined that, through 2015, other than $0.5 million of potential limitation, there is no Section 382 limitation
on our $104.0 million NOL carryforwards as there has not been a change in ownership of more than 50% over the three-year
period through 2015. Our NOLs may also be limited under similar provisions of state law. The NOL carryforwards at December 31,
2015 include approximately $7.5 million in income tax deductions related to equity compensation, which will be reflected as a
credit to additional paid-in-capital as these NOLs are utilized. 

Results of Operations  

The following table sets forth our consolidated
statement of operations data for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparisons of the results are not necessarily indicative
of our results for future periods. 

18  

Comparison of Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

Revenues   

Our total revenues increased 9.4% to
$59.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $54.3 million during the three months ended September 30,
2015. The $5.1 million increase in total revenues consisted of a $5.8 million increase in advertising and sponsorship revenues,
partially offset by a $0.8 million decrease in premium services revenues. One advertiser accounted for approximately 10% of total
revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016. No advertiser accounted for 10% or more of total revenues for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. 

Advertising and sponsorship revenues
increased 11.8% to $55.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $49.6 million during the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The $5.8 million increase in advertising and sponsorship revenues was primarily driven by an increase in revenue
from our pharmaceutical customers, including ROI-based campaigns targeting healthcare professionals. 

Premium services revenues decreased
16.2% to $3.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $4.7 million during the three months ended September
30, 2015. The $0.8 million decrease in premium services revenues was primarily attributable to $1.4 million lower subscription
fee revenues due to the wind-down of certain of our subscription websites in the latter half of 2015 and first half of 2016 and
$0.8 million lower revenue as a result of the termination of a partner licensing agreement in the fourth quarter of 2015. The
decrease was partially offset by a $1.6 million increase in SaaS-based licensing revenue from our payer and provider customers
resulting from growth of the Tea Leaves business which we acquired in the third quarter of 2015. 

Our total revenues increased 14.6% to
$172.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $150.3 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The $21.9 million increase in total revenues consisted of a $24.1 million increase in advertising and sponsorship revenues,
partially offset by a $2.1 million decrease in premium services revenues. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
no advertiser accounted for 10% or more of total revenues. 

Advertising and sponsorship revenues
increased 17.7% to $160.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $136.2 million during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The $24.1 million increase in advertising and sponsorship revenues was primarily attributable to an increase
in revenue from our pharmaceutical customers, including programs for orphan and rare and specialty brands and ROI-based campaigns
targeting healthcare professionals. Direct mail marketing revenue from the Tea Leaves acquisition in the third quarter of 2015
also contributed to this increase. 

Premium services revenues decreased
15.2% to $12.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $14.1 million during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The $2.1 million decrease in premium services revenues was primarily attributable to $4.3 million lower subscription
fee revenues due to the wind-down of certain of our subscription websites in the latter half of 2015 and first half of 2016 and
$2.3 million lower revenue as a result of the termination of a partner licensing agreement in the fourth quarter of 2015. The
decrease was partially offset by a $4.8 million increase in SaaS-based licensing revenue from our payer and provider customers
resulting from growth of the Tea Leaves business which we acquired in the third quarter of 2015. 

Costs and Expenses   

Cost of Revenues.   Cost
of revenues increased 1.3% to $15.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $15.6 million during the three
months ended September 30, 2015. The $0.2 million increase in cost of revenues was primarily attributable to increased expenses
of $1.1 million for direct mail marketing and data fees for our SaaS-based platform related to the 2015 Tea Leaves acquisition, and a $1.1 million increase in revenue share and other costs related to a new partnership agreement beginning
in the fourth quarter of 2015. The increase is partially offset by a decrease in media spend from decreased marketing activities
and a $0.9 million decrease in royalties to our portfolio partners resulting primarily from the wind-down of certain of our subscription
websites in the latter half of 2015 and first half of 2016. Cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues decreased by 2.1%
to 26.7% during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 28.8% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Cost of revenues increased 18.3% to
$51.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $43.6 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The $8.0 million increase in cost of revenues was primarily attributable to increased expenses of $3.3 million for
direct mail marketing and data fees for our SaaS-based platform, and $3.8 million of reimbursable out-of-pocket costs related
to the 2015 Cambridge acquisition. The increase in cost of revenues also reflects a $4.1 million increase in revenue share
and other costs related to a new partnership agreement beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015 for television and digital
video advertising. The increase is partially offset by a $2.1 million decrease in royalties to our portfolio partners
resulting primarily from the wind-down of certain of our subscription websites in the latter half of 2015 and first half of
2016, as well as a decrease in media expense from decreased marketing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues increased by 1.0% to
30.0% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 29.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Sales and Marketing.  Sales and
marketing expenses increased 10.1% to $20.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $18.5 million during
the three months ended September 30, 2015. This $1.9 million increase was primarily attributable to higher levels of compensation
expense, driven by increased staffing for the sales operations and account management teams and higher commissions consistent
with increased advertising and sponsorship revenues in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was partially offset by $0.8 million lower accrued earn-out expense related to the Cambridge
acquisition in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as the earn-out period ended in December 2015. As a result of these factors,
sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of total revenues increased slightly to 34.4% during the three months ended September
30, 2016, as compared to 34.1% during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

19  

Sales and marketing expenses increased
18.3% to $61.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $52.3 million during the nine months ended September
30, 2015. This $9.6 million increase was primarily attributable to higher levels of compensation expense, driven by increased
staffing for the sales operations and account management teams and higher commissions consistent with increased advertising and
sponsorship revenues in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which includes
the additional sales and marketing personnel acquired through the Cambridge acquisition in the latter part of the first quarter
of 2015. These increases were offset by $1.3 million lower net accrued earn-out expense related to the Cambridge and Tea Leaves
acquisitions in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As a result of
these factors, sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of total revenues increased to 35.9% during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to 34.8% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Product Development.  Product
development expenses increased 6.0% to $15.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $14.2 million during
the three months ended September 30, 2015. This $0.9 million increase was primarily due to accrued earn-out expense totaling $2.5
million related to the Tea Leaves acquisition, and increased depreciation expense on product development related assets, partially
offset by a $1.4 million asset impairment charge recorded during the third quarter of 2015 related to certain software development
projects which the Company decided not to move forward with, compared to no similar asset impairment recorded during the three
months ended September 30, 2016. Product development expenses as a percentage of total revenues decreased to 25.3% during the
three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 26.1% during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Product development expenses increased
17.9% to $45.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $39.0 million during the nine months ended September
30, 2015. This $7.0 million increase was primarily due to accrued earn-out expense totaling $7.4 million related to the Tea Leaves
acquisition, and increased depreciation expense on product development related assets, partially offset by a $1.4 million asset
impairment charge recorded during the third quarter of 2015 related to certain software development projects which the Company
decided not to move forward with, compared to no similar asset impairment recorded during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. Product development expenses as a percentage of total revenues increased to 26.7% during the nine months ended September
30, 2016, as compared to 25.9% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

General and Administrative.  General
and administrative expenses increased 17.1% to $11.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $10.0 million
during the three months ended September 30, 2015. This $1.7 million increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation
expense related to increased staffing, higher accrued earn-out expense related to the Tea Leaves acquisition, and legal fees related
to the Offer and  Merger Agreement. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues increased
to 19.7% during the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 18.4% during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

General and administrative expenses
increased 23.5% to $36.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $29.9 million during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. This $7.0 million increase was primarily due to increases in cash compensation expense related to increased
staffing, non-cash compensation expense related to certain stock awards, higher accrued earn-out expense related to the Tea Leaves
acquisition and legal fees related to the Offer and Merger Agreement. The increase is partially offset by $1.2
million lower executive transition charges in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015 .  General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues increased to 21.4% during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 19.9% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest Expense, Net.  Interest
expense, net, increased 15.3% to $1.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.4 million during
the three months ended September 30, 2015. The $0.2 million increase in interest expense was primarily due to the higher weighted-average
outstanding borrowings under our credit facilities and a higher interest rate during the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Interest expense, net, increased 29.1%
to $4.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3.8 million during the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The $1.1 million increase in interest expense was primarily due to the higher weighted-average outstanding borrowings
under our credit facilities and a higher interest rate during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, and $0.3 million of interest expense in 2016 related to the deferred purchase price obligations for
the acquisition of Tea Leaves. 

Provision for Income Taxes.  The
provision for income taxes was $0.5 million and $7.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and $1.8 million and $0.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The income tax provisions
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 are primarily comprised of deferred tax provision
pertaining to basis differences in indefinite lived intangible assets, and to a lesser extent, current tax provision for federal,
state, local and foreign taxes. To determine such tax provisions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded
the pro-rated tax provision based upon the full year 2016 estimated income tax provision, referred to herein as the discrete method.
We determined that this was within the exception under the interim tax accounting guidance, which requires the use of the estimated
Annual Effective Tax Rate, or AETR, method, because our full year forecast of income before taxes is at or near breakeven. Further,
normal deviations in the projected full year income would result in disproportionate and material changes to the interim tax provisions
under the AETR method. During 2015, we recorded interim tax benefits using the AETR method for the quarters ending March 31, 2015
and June 30, 2015 based on pretax losses for the respective periods, but determined during the quarter ended September 30, 2015
that the AETR method was no longer yielding a reliable interim tax provision. Accordingly, we began using the discrete method
indicated above during the quarter ended September 30, 2015, which resulted in the reversal during such quarter of $6.5 million
of tax benefit recorded during the first half of 2016. 

20  

Supplemental Financial Information  

The following discussion provides information
regarding Adjusted EBITDA, a performance measure that is not determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles,
or GAAP, as well as information regarding certain non-cash operating expenses that are reflected in the Adjusted EBITDA calculation.
We use Adjusted EBITDA in conjunction with GAAP operating performance measures as part of our overall assessment of our performance,
for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business
strategies and to communicate with our Board of Directors concerning our financial performance. 

We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income
(loss) plus: interest expense, net; income tax provision (benefit); depreciation and amortization expense; stock-based compensation
expense; compensation expense related to acquisition earn-out and retention bonus arrangements; write-offs of unamortized deferred
financing and other debt extinguishment costs; executive transition and reduction in force charges; contract settlement charges 
asset impairment charges; and merger-related legal costs. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors and other
users of our financial statements in evaluating our operating performance because it provides them with an additional tool to
compare business performance across companies and across periods. Furthermore, we believe that: 

Adjusted EBITDA provides investors and other users of our financial
information consistency and comparability with our past financial performance, helps indicate underlying trends in our business,
facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations and comparisons with our peer companies, many of which use similar non-GAAP
financial measures to supplement their GAAP results; and    

It is useful to exclude certain non-cash charges, such as depreciation
and amortization and stock-based compensation and non-core operational charges, such as asset impairment and other charges and
write-off of debt extinguishment costs, from Adjusted EBITDA because the amount of such expenses in any specific period may not
be directly correlated to the underlying performance of our business operations and these expenses can vary significantly between
periods.    

We do not place undue reliance on Adjusted
EBITDA as our only measure of operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a substitute for other measures
of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP. There are limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures, including
that other companies may calculate these measures differently than we do, that they do not reflect our capital expenditures or
future requirements for capital expenditures and that they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital. 

As Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure,
the following table presents a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA. 

21  

The following table summarizes our depreciation
and amortization and stock compensation expenses included in the Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation table above and details the breakdown
of such expenses in the respective statements of operations line-items. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Working Capital   

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash
and cash equivalents of $22.1 million and working capital of $37.0 million. 

Sources of Liquidity and Long-Term Debt   

Our primary sources of cash have historically
been proceeds from the issuance of convertible redeemable preferred stock, bank borrowings and our IPO. Since the beginning of
2003, we have issued convertible redeemable preferred stock for aggregate net proceeds of $82.0 million, which were converted
to common stock upon the IPO on April 2, 2014. Our IPO resulted in net proceeds of $70.6 million after deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions and other offering costs. As of September 30, 2016, we had $116.5 million of borrowings outstanding
under our credit facility. 

Under the Credit Facility, with Silicon
Valley Bank and certain other lenders, we maintain a revolver, with a maximum borrowing limit of $82.3 million, and also have
a term loan. As of September 30, 2016, there was $56.5 million outstanding on the term loan and $60.0 million outstanding on the
revolver, with $22.3 million available to be drawn on the revolver. The repayment terms for any balance outstanding on the revolver
provide for quarterly interest payments, with the principal being due in full in November 2019. The repayment terms for the term
loan provide for quarterly interest and principal payments, with a maturity date of November 2019. On an annual basis, a calculation
is performed to determine excess cash flow, as defined in the Credit Facility agreement, which could result in a mandatory prepayment
of excess cash flow in addition to the aforementioned scheduled term loan payments. The interest rate on the revolver and the
term loan is equal to the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, plus a variable rate ranging from 2.75% to 4.0% depending
on our consolidated leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Facility agreement, and we are charged a commitment fee of 0.50%
on the unused portion of the revolver. As of September 30, 2016, the interest rate on our Credit Facility was 4.90%. The Credit
Facility contains certain financial and operational covenants with which we must comply, whether or not there are any borrowings
outstanding. Such covenants include requirements to maintain a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum
consolidated leverage ratio, each as defined in the Credit Facility, as well as restrictions on certain types of dispositions,
mergers and acquisitions, indebtedness, investments, liens and capital expenditures, issuance of capital stock and our ability
to pay dividends and make other distributions. We were in compliance with the financial and operational covenants of the Credit
Facility as of September 30, 2016. The Credit Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of
our existing and future assets. 

Effective January 1, 2016, we adopted
new accounting guidance that requires us to present unamortized deferred financing costs as a direct reduction of the carrying
amount of long-term debt in the balance sheet. The long-term debt balances as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets are presented net of unamortized deferred financing costs of $2.0 million and $1.9 million,
respectively. 

Operating and Capital Expenditure Requirements   

Our principal uses of cash historically
have been to fund operating losses, finance business acquisitions and capital expenditures relating to purchases of property and
equipment to support our infrastructure and capitalized product development costs. We currently expect that our existing cash
and cash equivalents, together with anticipated cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to fund our anticipated cash needs
for at least the next twelve months. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our marketing solutions,
including the impact of changes in advertiser spending behavior, and by other factors outside of our control, including general
economic conditions, as well as the other risks to our business discussed in  Item 1A Risk Factors  in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Our cash requirements going forward may require us to raise additional
funds through borrowing or the issuance of additional equity or equity-linked securities. Any increase in the amount of our borrowings
will result in an increase in our interest expense. Future issuance of equity or equity-linked securities will result in dilution
to the holders of our common stock. In addition, if the banking system or the financial markets are volatile, our ability to raise
additional debt or equity capital could be adversely affected. Additional financing may not be available on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. 

22  

Components of Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Operating Activities   

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $18.2 million, consisting of a net loss of $30.8 million, adjusted for
non-cash expenses of $29.9 million, including depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation expense, provision
for deferred income taxes and amortization of deferred financing costs. Additionally, changes in operating assets and liabilities
provided $19.1 million of cash, which was primarily due to a decrease in accounts receivable of $23.2 million from higher collections,
partially offset by a $3.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets and a decrease of $1.2 million in deferred
revenue. Additionally, the $11.3 million of incremental acquisition earn-out and retention bonuses accrued for the period was
offset by the payment of a $5.0 million Cambridge earn-out and a decrease of $6.0 million related primarily to the timing of vendor
payments. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was $19.3 million, consisting of a net loss of $19.1 million, adjusted for
non-cash expenses of $25.8 million, including depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation expense and the
asset impairment charge recognized in the third quarter of 2015. Additionally, changes in operating assets and liabilities provided
$12.6 million of cash, which was primarily due to a decrease in accounts receivable of $9.7 million from higher collections, an
increase in deferred revenue of $2.3 million and an increase in other current liabilities of $1.9 million, partially offset by
a $1.9 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses due to the timing of vendor payments. 

Investing Activities   

Our primary investing activities have
historically consisted of additions to property and equipment, including computer hardware and software, leasehold improvements
and capitalized product development costs. Additionally, our investing activities included payments made to acquire businesses. 

We used $28.7 million of net cash in
investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, consisting of $17.5 million for additions to property and
equipment, $11.1 million for the purchase price payments primarily relating to the Tea Leaves acquisition and $0.7 million for
the purchase of a perpetual license, partially offset by $0.6 million provided by security deposits and other assets. Net cash
used in investing activities was $28.8 million lower than in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

We used $57.5 million of net cash in
investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, consisting of $10.3 million for additions to property and
equipment and $47.3 million for purchase price payments relating to the Cambridge and Tea Leaves acquisitions. 

Financing Activities   

Our financing activities have historically
consisted primarily of borrowings and repayments under our revolver and term loan credit facilities, and payment of related financing
costs, and proceeds from the exercise of stock options. In addition to such activities, upon closing our IPO in April 2014, we
received proceeds from our IPO, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and related offering costs. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $2.4 million. This primarily related to $15.0 million of additional borrowings
under our revolver credit facility, offset by $9.6 million in repayments of principal on our term loan facility, including a $4.5
million mandatory prepayment of excess cash flow, as defined in the credit facility agreement, $2.1 million of tax withholding
payments related to the net share settlements of RSUs, $0.6 million in capital lease payments and $0.6 million of financing costs
paid in connection with amendments to our credit facility. Net cash provided by financing activities was $20.1 million lower than
in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2015, net cash provided by financing activities was $22.5 million. This primarily related to $15.0 million in net borrowings
on the revolver portion of our credit facility, and $8.5 million of borrowings on the term loan portion of the facility offset
by $1.6 million in principal payments. Additionally, we received $1.9 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options,
which was partially offset by $0.7 million of financing costs paid in connection with amendments to our credit facility and $0.5
million in capital lease payments. 

23  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not engage in transactions that generate
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance
or special purpose entities, as part of our ongoing business. Accordingly, our operating results, financial condition and cash
flows are not subject to off-balance sheet risks. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Our consolidated financial statements are
prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. These
estimates and assumptions are often based on judgments that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances at the time made,
but all such estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Actual results may differ from those estimates
and assumptions and it is possible that other professionals, applying their own judgment to the same facts and circumstances, could
develop and support alternative estimates and assumptions that would result in material changes to our operating results and financial
condition. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and
various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. 

We believe the judgments and estimates involved
in revenue recognition and deferred revenue, capitalized software and website development cost, goodwill, other long-lived assets
and stock-based compensation have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, and consider these to
be our critical accounting policies and estimates. 

There have been no material changes to our
critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates described in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2016. 

24  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

We are exposed to market risk related to
changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and inflation. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative,
hedging or trading purposes, although in the future we may enter into interest rate or exchange rate hedging arrangements to manage
the risks described below. 

Interest Rate Risk.  Our interest
income is primarily generated from interest earned on highly liquid, short-term money market funds. Our exposure to market risks
related to interest expense is limited to borrowings under our credit facility. Based on the $116.5 million of borrowings
outstanding under our credit facility as of September 30, 2016 and the interest rates in effect at that date, our annual interest
expense, including the 0.50% commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolver, would amount to $5.9 million. A hypothetical
interest rate increase of 1% on our credit facility would increase annual interest expense by $1.2 million. We do not enter
into interest rate swaps, caps or collars or other hedging instruments. 

Foreign Currency Risk.  Substantially
all of our revenues and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars and, therefore, our exposure to market risks related to fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates is not material. 

Inflation Risk.  We do not believe
that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Nonetheless, if our costs
were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price
increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our management, with the participation of
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its
principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange
Act that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

We are not currently subject to any material
litigation or other legal proceeding. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

Please refer to Item 1A Risk Factors
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2016, for a description
of certain significant risks and uncertainties to which our business, operations and financial condition are subject. 

25  

Set forth below are risks facing our business
in addition to the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The announcement and pendency of our merger with a subsidiary
of Ziff Davis, LLC could adversely affect our business and result in the loss of employees, customers, partners and other parties.   

On October 21, 2016, we announced that
we had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Ziff Davis, LLC
( Parent ), Project Echo Acquisition Corp., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ( Purchaser ),
and, solely for Section 9.11 thereof, j2 Global, Inc. ( j2 ), pursuant to which and upon the terms and subject to
the conditions thereof, Purchaser commenced a tender offer on November 2, 2016 (the  Offer ) to purchase all of
the outstanding shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $10.50 per share in cash, without interest, subject to any
withholding of taxes required by applicable law. Following completion of the Offer, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of certain conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Purchaser will merge with and into us, and we will survive as a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the  Merger ). 

Uncertainty about the effect of the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, on our employees, customers, partners
and other parties with which we do business may adversely affect our business. Our employees may experience uncertainty about their
roles or seniority following the transaction. There can be no assurance that our employees, including key personnel, can be retained
to the same extent that we have previously been able to attract and retain employees. Any loss or distraction of such employees
could adversely affect our business and operations. 

Further, parties with which we do business
may experience uncertainty associated with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including with respect to current
or future business relationships with us. Uncertainty may cause clients to delay or defer certain business decisions or might decide
to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationship with us, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

The failure to complete the Merger could adversely affect
our business and our stock price.   

Completion of the Merger with Purchaser
is subject to several conditions beyond our control that may prevent, delay, or otherwise adversely affect its completion, including,
among other things: (i) at least one share more than 50% of the shares of our common stock having been validly tendered and not
properly withdrawn in accordance with the terms of the Offer, and (ii) the waiting period (or any extension thereof) under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Act of 1976, as amended has expired or terminated. Some of the conditions to consummation
of the Offer and the Merger are not within our control or the control of Parent, Purchaser or j2 and none of us can predict when
or if these conditions will be satisfied. If any of these conditions are not satisfied or waived, it is possible that the Merger
will not be consummated in the expected time frame or that the Merger Agreement may be terminated. If the proposed Merger or a
similar transaction is not completed, the market price of our common stock will drop to the extent that the current market price
of our common stock reflects an assumption that such a transaction will be completed. In addition, under circumstances defined
in the Merger Agreement, we may be required to pay a termination fee of $15.2 million, which may also deter other potential acquirers
from publicly making a competing offer for us that might be more advantageous to our stockholders and could inhibit our ability
to engage in certain other transactions for 12 months from the date of the Merger Agreement in certain circumstances. Further,
a failed transaction may result in negative publicity and a negative impression of us in the investment community. Finally, any
disruption to our business resulting from the announcement and pendency of the Merger and from intensifying competition from our
competitors, including any adverse changes in our relationships with our employees, clients, partners and other parties with which
we do business, could continue or accelerate in the event of a failed transaction. There can be no assurance that our business,
these relationships or our financial condition will not be adversely affected, as compared to the condition prior to the announcement
of the Merger, if the Merger is not consummated. 

While the Merger is pending, we are subject to business
uncertainties and contractual restrictions that could harm our operations and the future of our business.   

The Merger Agreement includes restrictions
on the conduct of our business prior to the completion of the Merger, generally requiring us to conduct our businesses in the ordinary
course, consistent with past practice, and subjecting us to a variety of specified limitations absent Parent s prior written
consent. We may find that these and other contractual arrangements in the Merger Agreement may delay or prevent us from or limit
our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, industry developments and future business opportunities that may arise
during such period, even if our management and board of directors think they may be advisable. 

In addition, we have diverted, and
will continue to divert, significant management resources toward the completion of the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, and we have incurred and will continue to incur, significant costs, fees, expenses and charges related to
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, which may materially and
adversely affect our business results and financial condition. These uncertainties and restrictions could materially and
adversely impact our revenues, earnings and cash flows and other business results and financial condition, as well as the
market price of our common stock and our perceived acquisition value, regardless of whether the Merger is completed. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds  

(a)    Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities    

None. 

(b)    Use of Proceeds    

None. 

26  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

None. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

27  

Item 6. Exhibits  

Exhibit 
         Number  
       
      Description of Document   

2.1  
       
      Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 21, 2016, by and among the Registrant, Ziff Davis, LLC, Project Echo Acquisition Corp. and j2 Global, Inc.  (1)    

3.1  
       
      Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  (2)    

3.2  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws.  (3)     

10.1  
       
      Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2016, by and among the Registrant, Silicon Valley Bank, as Administrative Agent, certain of the Registrant s wholly-owned subsidiaries and the other lenders party thereto.   

31.1  
       
      Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2  
       
      Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  (4)    

32.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  (4)    

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

(4)   These certifications are being furnished solely to accompany this quarterly report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and
are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not to be incorporated by reference
into any filing of the registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language
in such filing.   

28  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

EVERYDAY HEALTH, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ Benjamin Wolin   

Benjamin Wolin   

Chief Executive Officer and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)    

By:  
      /s/ Brian Cooper   

Brian Cooper   

Executive Vice President   Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

Date: November 8, 2016 

29  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 t1600679_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

FIFTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED
CREDIT AGREEMENT   

This Fifth Amendment
to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (this    Amendment   ) dated as of September 30, 2016, is by and
among  EVERYDAY HEALTH, INC. , a Delaware corporation (   EDH   )  EVERYDAY HEALTH MEDIA, LLC ,
a Delaware limited liability company (   EDH Media   ) ,   MEDPAGE TODAY, L.L.C. , a New Jersey
limited liability company (   MedPage    and together with EDH, EDH Media, and MedPage, individually and
collectively, jointly and severally, the    Borrower   ) ,   DOCTORDIRECTORY.COM, LLC , a Delaware
limited liability company (   DoctorDirectory   ),  CAMBRIDGE BIOMARKETING GROUP, LLC , a Delaware
limited liability company (   Cambridge   ),  TEA LEAVES HEALTH, LLC , a Georgia limited liability
company (   Tea Leaves   , and together with DoctorDirectory and Cambridge, individually and collectively,
jointly and severally, the    Guarantor   ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities
party to this Amendment as a  Lender  hereunder (each a    Lender    and, collectively, the
   Lenders     ),  SILICON VALLEY BANK  (   SVB   ), as administrative agent
and collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacities, the    Administrative Agent   ),   SVB  ,
as the Issuing Lender (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below), and   SVB   ,  as the Swingline Lender
(as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below). 

WITNESSETH:   

WHEREAS , the
parties hereto are party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 2014, as amended by that
certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Consent dated as of March 19, 2015, by that certain Second
Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 31, 2015, by that certain Third Amendment to Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 21, 2015, and by that certain Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
dated as of February 26, 2016 (as the same may be further amended, modified, supplemented or restated and in effect from time
to time, the    Credit Agreement   ); and 

WHEREAS , the
Borrower has requested, and the Borrower, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent have agreed to modify and amend certain
terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.             Capitalized
Terms . All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning herein as in the Credit Agreement. 

2.             Amendment
to Section 7.1 of the Credit Agreement . 

3.             Conditions
Precedent to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall not be effective until each of the following conditions precedent have been
fulfilled to the satisfaction of and in form and substance satisfactory to, as applicable, the Administrative Agent (such date,
the    Fifth Amendment Effective Date   ): 

(a)           This
Amendment and each other Loan Document required to be executed in connection herewith shall have been duly executed and delivered
by the respective parties hereto. The Administrative Agent shall have received a fully executed copy hereof and thereof. 

(b)           The
Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent all fees required to be paid under the Loan Documents. The Administrative
Agent shall disburse such fees to the parties entitled to such fees promptly after receipt thereof. 

(c)           All
necessary consents and approvals to this Amendment shall have been obtained by the Loan Parties. 

(d)           After
giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(e)           After
giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties herein and in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents
shall be (i) to the extent qualified by materiality, true and correct in all respects, and (ii) to the extent not qualified by
materiality, true and correct in all material respects, in each case on and as of the date hereof, as though made on such date
(except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations
and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 

4.             Representations
and Warranties . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as follows: 

(a)           This
Amendment is, and each other Loan Document to which it is or will be a party, when executed and delivered by each Loan Party that
is a party thereto, will be the legally valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in
accordance with its respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors  rights generally and equitable principals (whether enforcement is sought
by proceedings in equity or at law). 

(b)        Its
representations and warranties set forth in this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment and after giving
effect hereto, and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party are (i) to the extent qualified by materiality, true and correct
in all respects and (ii) to the extent not qualified by materiality, true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on
and as of the date hereof, as though made on such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely
to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects
as of such earlier date). 

(c)           The
execution and delivery by each Loan Party of this Amendment, the performance by such Loan Party of its obligations hereunder and
the performance of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, (i) have been duly authorized by all
necessary organizational action on the part of such Loan Party and (ii) will not (A) violate any provisions of the certificate
of incorporation or formation or organization or by-laws or limited liability company agreement or limited partnership agreement
of such Loan Party or (B) constitute a violation by such Loan Party of any applicable material Requirement of Law. 

5.            Each
Loan Party acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have acted in good faith and have conducted in a commercially
reasonable manner their relationships with each Loan Party in connection with this Amendment and in connection with the other Loan
Documents. Each Loan Party understands and acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are entering into this Amendment
in reliance upon, and in partial consideration for, the above representations, warranties, and acknowledgements, and agrees that
such reliance is reasonable and appropriate. 

6.             Payment
of Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent all reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses of
every kind in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and any documents and instruments
relating hereto or thereto (which costs include, without limitation, the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of any attorneys
retained by the Administrative Agent). 

7.             Choice
of Law .  THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED
AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  Each party hereto submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the State and Federal courts in the Southern District of the State of New York; provided, however, that nothing in the Credit
Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, or this Amendment, shall be deemed to operate to preclude the Administrative Agent or
any Lender from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other jurisdiction to realize on the Collateral or any other
security for the Obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of such Agent or such Lender.  TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HERETO WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF
OR BASED UPON THIS AMENDMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF DUTY
AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP,
THAT EACH HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AMENDMENT, AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THIS WAIVER
IN ITS RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH PARTY HERETO FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL
COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.  

8.             Counterpart
Execution . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts,
each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
but one and the same Amendment. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telefacsimile or by e-mail transmission
of an Adobe file format document (also known as a PDF file) shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart
of this Amendment. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telefacsimile or by e-mail transmission of
an Adobe file format document (also known as a PDF file) also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Amendment
but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of
this Amendment. 

9.             Effect
on Loan Documents . 

(a)          The
amendments and consent set forth herein shall be limited precisely as written and shall not be deemed (a) to be a forbearance,
waiver, or modification of any other term or condition of the Credit Agreement or of any Loan Documents or to prejudice any right
or remedy which the Administrative Agent may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Loan Documents;
(b) to be a consent to any future consent or modification, forbearance, or waiver to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document,
or to any waiver of any of the provisions thereof; or (c) to limit or impair the Administrative Agent s right to demand strict
performance of all terms and covenants as of any date. Each Loan Party hereby ratifies and reaffirms its obligations under the
Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and agrees that none of the consents or modifications to the
Credit Agreement set forth in this Amendment shall impair such Loan Party s obligations under the Loan Documents or the Administrative
Agent s rights under the Loan Documents. Each Loan Party hereby further ratifies and reaffirms the validity and enforceability
of all of the Liens heretofore granted, pursuant to and in connection with the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or any other
Loan Document to the Administrative Agent on behalf and for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as collateral security for the
obligations under the Loan Documents, in accordance with their respective terms, and acknowledges that all of such Liens, and all
collateral heretofore pledged as security for such obligations, continues to be and remain collateral for such obligations from
and after the date hereof. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document is still
in full force and effect and acknowledges as of the date hereof that such Loan Party has no defenses to enforcement of the Loan
Documents. Each Loan Party waives any and all defenses to enforcement of the Credit Agreement as amended hereby and each other
Loan Documents that might otherwise be available as a result of this Amendment of the Credit Agreement. To the extent any terms
or provisions of this Amendment conflict with those of the Credit Agreement or other Loan Documents, the terms and provisions of
this Amendment shall control. 

(b)          To
the extent that any terms and conditions in any of the Loan Documents shall contradict or be in conflict with any terms or conditions
of the Credit Agreement, after giving effect to this Amendment, such terms and conditions are hereby deemed modified or amended
accordingly to reflect the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement as modified or amended hereby. 

(c)          This
Amendment is a Loan Document. 

10.           Entire
Agreement . This Amendment constitutes the entire agreement between the Loan Parties and the Lenders pertaining to the subject
matter contained herein and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, offers and negotiations, oral or written, with respect
hereto and no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any judicial or arbitration proceeding, if any, involving this
Amendment. All of the terms and provisions of this Amendment are hereby incorporated by reference into the Credit Agreement, as
applicable, as if such terms and provisions were set forth in full therein, as applicable. All references in the Credit Agreement
to  this Agreement ,  hereto ,  hereof ,  hereunder  or words of like import shall
mean the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 

11.           Release .
Each of the Borrower and each Guarantor may have certain Claims against the Released Parties, as those terms are defined below,
regarding or relating to the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Lead Arranger,
the Co-Lead Arranger, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender, the Borrower and the Guarantors desire to resolve each and every
one of such Claims in conjunction with the execution of this Amendment and thus each of the Borrower and each Guarantor makes the
releases contained in this Section 11. In consideration of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders entering into this Amendment,
each of the Borrower and each Guarantor hereby fully and unconditionally releases and forever discharges each of the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and their respective directors, officers, employees, subsidiaries,
branches, affiliates, attorneys, agents, representatives, successors and assigns and all persons, firms, corporations and organizations
acting on any of their behalves (collectively, the   Released Parties  ), of and from any and all claims, allegations,
causes of action, costs or demands and liabilities, of whatever kind or nature, from the beginning of the world to the date on
which this Amendment is executed, whether known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, asserted or unasserted,
foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, suspected or unsuspected, anticipated or unanticipated, which the Borrower or any
Guarantor has, had, claims to have had or hereafter claims to have against the Released Parties by reason of any act or omission
on the part of the Released Parties, or any of them, occurring prior to the date on which this Amendment is executed, including
all such loss or damage of any kind heretofore sustained or that may arise as a consequence of the dealings among the parties up
to and including the date on which this Amendment is executed, including the administration or enforcement of the Loans, the Obligations,
the Credit Agreement or any of the Loan Documents (collectively, all of the foregoing, the   Claims  ). Each of
the Borrower and each Guarantor represents and warrants that it has no knowledge of any claim by it against the Released Parties
or of any facts or acts of omissions of the Released Parties which on the date hereof would be the basis of a claim by the Borrower
or any Guarantor against the Released Parties which is not released hereby. Each of the Borrower and each Guarantor represents
and warrants that the foregoing constitutes a full and complete release of all Claims. 

12.           Severability .
The provisions of this Amendment are severable, and if any clause or provision shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole
or in part in any jurisdiction, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall affect only such clause or provision, or part thereof,
in such jurisdiction and shall not in any manner affect such clause or provision in any other jurisdiction, or any other clause
or provision in this Amendment in any jurisdiction. 

In
Witness Whereof ,  the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and
duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

BORROWER:    

EVERYDAY HEALTH, INC.    

By:  
     /s/ Alan Shapiro  

Name:  
     Alan Shapiro  

Title:  
     EVP   General Counsel  

EVERYDAY HEALTH MEDIA, LLC    

By:  
     /s/ Alan Shapiro  

Name:  
     Alan Shapiro  

Title:  
     EVP   General Counsel  

MEDPAGE TODAY, L.L.C.    

By:  
     /s/ Alan Shapiro  

Name:  
     Alan Shapiro  

Title:  
     President  

Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement 

GUARANTOR:    

DOCTORDIRECTORY.COM, LLC    

By:  
     /s/ Alan Shapiro  

Name:  
     Alan Shapiro  

Title:  
     President  

CAMBRIDGE BIOMARKETING GROUP, LLC    

By:  
     /s/ Alan Shapiro  

Name:  
     Alan Shapiro  

Title:  
     President  

TEA LEAVES HEALTH, LLC    

By:  
     /s/ Alan Shapiro  

Name:  
     Alan Shapiro  

Title:  
     President  

Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement 

SILICON VALLEY BANK,    

as Administrative Agent, as a Lender, as Issuing Lender and as Swingline Lender   

By:  
     /s/ Mickey Swift  

Name:  
     Mickey Swift  

Title:  
     Vice President  

Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement 

COMERICA BANK,    

as a Lender   

By:  
     /s/ John Benetti  

Name:  
     John Benetti  

Title:   
     SVP  

Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement 

SUNTRUST BANK,    

as a Lender   

By:  
      /s/ Cynthia W. Burton   

Name:  
      Cynthia W. Burton   

Title:  
      Director   

Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement 

CIT FINANCE LLC,    

as a Lender   

By:  
      /s/ Kevin Cullen   

Name:  
      Kevin Cullen   

Title:  
      Managing Director   

Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement 

STIFEL BANK   TRUST,    

as a Lender   

By:  
      /s/ Matthew L. Diehl   

Name:  
      Matthew L. Diehl   

Title:  
      Senior
    Vice President   

Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 t1600679_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE  
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I, Benjamin Wolin, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Everyday Health, Inc.;  

2.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
    statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
    covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge,
    the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
    the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
    report;   

4.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)    designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)  
      designed such internal
    control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      disclosed in this report
    any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The registrant s
    other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
    to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
    the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      all significant deficiencies
    and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
    to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting.   

Date: November 8, 2016  

/S/
    BENJAMIN WOLIN   

Benjamin
    Wolin    
       Chief Executive Officer      

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 t1600679_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Brian Cooper, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Everyday Health, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 8, 2016 

/S/ BRIAN COOPER   

Brian Cooper   
   Chief Financial Officer     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 t1600679_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Everyday Health, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Benjamin Wolin, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ), and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best
of my knowledge, based upon a review of the Report: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

/S/ BENJAMIN WOLIN  

Benjamin Wolin   

Chief Executive Officer    

November 8, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 t1600679_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Everyday Health, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Brian Cooper, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ), and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best
of my knowledge, based upon a review of the Report: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

/S/ BRIAN COOPER  

Brian Cooper   

Chief Financial Officer    

November 8, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 evdy-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 evdy-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 evdy-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 evdy-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 evdy-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 evdy-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

