<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1428040_0001193125-16-765682_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2749715</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106194</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>140508</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>631380</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1150022</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>537165</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765682.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110143354
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765682
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Polaris Futures Fund L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001428040
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				208528957
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53115
		FILM NUMBER:		161987427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MORGAN STANLEY MANAGED FUTURES
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-672-4468

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O MORGAN STANLEY MANAGED FUTURES
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Managed Futures Profile HV, L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Morgan Stanley Managed Futures HV, L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080225

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765682.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d194634d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      (X)
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR (    ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period from                to
                  Commission File Number  000-53115   
  POLARIS FUTURES FUND L.P.       
     (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)      

Delaware  

20-8528957  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)   
    c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
  522 Fifth Avenue      New
York, New York 10036           
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  
  (855) 672-4468       
     (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
  Yes  X  No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  Yes  X  No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer        
   
    Accelerated filer          
    
    Non-accelerated filer  X    
   
  Smaller reporting company        
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).     Yes         No  X    
 As of October 31, 2016, 25,931.962 Limited Partnership Class A Units were outstanding, 3,358.119 Limited Partnership Class B Units were
outstanding, 1,404.826 Limited Partnership Class C Units were outstanding, 0.000 Limited Partnership Class D Units were outstanding, and 407.560 Limited Partnership Class Z Units were outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   POLARIS FUTURES FUND L.P.   
  FORM 10-Q   
    INDEX       
 
      2  

Table of Contents  

   PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
  Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Financial Condition   
  (Unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
    Schedule of Investments   
  September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Schedule of Investments   
  December 31, 2015       
   See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
    Statements of Income and Expenses   
  (Unaudited)       
   *  Represents the change in net asset value per Unit during the period.  
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
    Statements of Changes in Partners  Capital   
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  (Unaudited)       
   See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

   Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
    Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
    Organization:      
 Polaris Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) was formed on February 22, 2007, under the Delaware Revised Uniform
Limited Partnership Act, as a multi-advisor commodity pool created to profit from the speculative trading of domestic commodities and foreign commodity futures contracts, forward contracts, foreign exchange commitments, options on physical
commodities and futures contracts, spot (cash) commodities and currencies, exchange of futures contracts for physicals transactions, exchange of physicals for futures contracts transactions, and any rights pertaining thereto (collectively,
 Futures Interests ) (refer to Note 4,  Financial Instruments of the Trading Companies ) through the Partnership s investments in its affiliated trading companies (each, a  Trading Company  or collectively, the
 Trading Companies ).    The Partnership invests substantially all of its assets in multiple affiliated Trading
Companies, each of which allocates substantially all of its assets to the trading program of an unaffiliated commodity trading advisor (each, a  Trading Advisor  or collectively, the  Trading Advisors ), each of which is
registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) and makes investment decisions for each respective Trading Company. The General Partner (as defined below) may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s
assets in United States ( U.S. ) Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates.  
 The Partnership commenced trading operations on August 1, 2007, in accordance with the terms of its limited partnership
agreement, as amended from time to time (the  Limited Partnership Agreement ).    Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, serves as the Partnership s general partner and commodity pool operator and as each Trading Company s trading manager and commodity pool operator (the  General Partner ,  Ceres  or
the  Trading Manager , as the context requires). Ceres is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Holdings LLC ( MSSBH ). MSSBH is wholly-owned indirectly by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC is
doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ( Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ) and serves as the placement agent ( Placement Agent ) to the Partnership. Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ) acts as each
Trading Company s clearing commodity broker. Each Trading Company s over-the-counter foreign exchange spot, option and forward contract counterparty is MS Co., to the extent that a Trading Company trades such contracts. Morgan Stanley
Wealth Management is a principal subsidiary of MSSBH. MS Co. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. The Partnership and the Trading Companies also deposit a portion of their cash in non-trading accounts at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
 As of September 30, 2016, all trading decisions are made for the Partnership by Aspect Capital Limited ( Aspect )
and Boronia Capital Pty. Ltd. ( Boronia ), each of which is a Trading Advisor.    As of September 30, 2016, the
Trading Companies consisted of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Aspect I, LLC ( Aspect I, LLC ) and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Boronia I, LLC ( Boronia I, LLC ).  
 Effective June 30, 2016, the General Partner terminated the advisory agreement, dated as of April 30, 2007, among Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney Altis I, LLC ( Altis I, LLC ), the General Partner and Altis Partners (Jersey) Limited ( Altis ), pursuant to which Altis traded a portion of the Partnership s assets. Consequently, Altis ceased all
futures interest trading on behalf of Altis I, LLC (and, indirectly, the Partnership). References herein to the Trading Advisor or the Trading Advisors may also include, as relevant, Altis. References herein to the Trading Company or the
Trading Companies may also include, as relevant, Altis I, LLC.    Effective as of the close of business on January 31, 2016,
Ceres terminated the advisory agreement among the General Partner, Blenheim Capital Management, L.L.C. ( Blenheim ) and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney BHM, I LLC ( BHM I, LLC ), pursuant to which Blenheim traded a portion of BHM I,
LLC s (and, indirectly, the Partnership s) assets in Futures Interests. Consequently, Blenheim ceased all Futures Interest trading on behalf of BHM I, LLC (and, indirectly, the Partnership). References herein to the Trading Advisor or the
Trading Advisors may also include, as relevant, Blenheim. References herein to the Trading Company or the Trading Companies may also include, as relevant, BHM I, LLC.  
 Ceres may reallocate the Partnership s assets to the different Trading Companies at its sole discretion.  
 Units of limited partnership interest ( Units ) of the Partnership are offered in two classes in a private placement
pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). Depending on the aggregate amount invested in the Partnership, limited partners receive class A or D Units in the Partnership (each, a
 Class  and collectively, the  Classes ). Certain limited partners who are not subject to the ongoing placement agent fee are deemed to hold Class Z Units. Ceres received Class Z Units with respect to its investment in the
Partnership. Class B and Class C Units are no longer being offered to new investors, but continue to be offered to existing Class B and Class C investors.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Ceres is not required to maintain any investment in the Partnership, and may
withdraw any portion of its interest in the Partnership at any time, as permitted by the Limited Partnership Agreement. In addition, Class Z Units are only being offered to certain individuals affiliated with Morgan Stanley at Ceres  sole
discretion. Class Z Unit holders are not subject to paying the ongoing placement agent fee.    In July 2015, the General
Partner delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the  Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator
furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The General Partner pays or reimburses the
Partnership and the Trading Companies, from the Administrative Fee it receives, the ordinary administrative expenses of the Partnership and the Trading Companies. This includes the expenses related to the engagement of the Administrator. Therefore,
the engagement of the Administrator did not impact the Partnership s break-even point.      

2.  
    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:      
 The accompanying financial statements and accompanying notes are unaudited but, in the opinion of the General Partner, include
all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Partnership s financial condition at September 30, 2016, the results of its operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and changes in partners  capital for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements present the results of interim periods and do not include all of the disclosures normally provided in annual
financial statements. These financial statements should be read together with the financial statements and notes included in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K (the  Form 10-K ) filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ) for the year ended December 31, 2015. The December 31, 2015 information has been derived from the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Due to the nature of commodity trading, the results of operations for the interim periods presented should not be considered
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year.    The financial statements of the Partnership have been
prepared using the  Fund of Funds  approach and accordingly the Partnership s pro rata share of all revenue and expenses of the Trading Companies is reflected as net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments in the Affiliated
Trading Companies in the Statements of Income and Expenses. Contributions to and withdrawals from the Trading Companies are recorded on the effective date. The Partnership records a realized gain or loss on its investments in the Trading Companies
as the difference between the redemption proceeds and the related cost of such investment. In determining the cost of such investments, the Partnership uses the first-in first-out method. The Partnership maintains sufficient cash balances on hand to
satisfy ongoing operating expenses. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Partnership s total cash balance was $1,868 and $0, respectively.  
  Use of Estimates . The preparation of financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates, and the differences could be material.  
  Profit Allocation.  The General Partner and each limited partner of the Partnership share in the profits and losses of
the Partnership in proportion to the amount of Partnership interest owned by each, except that no limited partner is liable for obligations of the Partnership in excess of its capital contributions and profits, if any, net of distributions or
redemptions and losses, if any.     Statement of Cash Flows.  The Partnership is not required to provide a Statement of
Cash Flows.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Partnership s Investments.  The Partnership s investments in
the Trading Companies are stated at fair value, which are based on (1) the Partnership s net contribution to each Trading Company and (2) the Partnership s allocated share of the undistributed profits and losses, including realized
gains/losses and the change in net unrealized gains/losses, of each Trading Company. Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820,   Fair Value Measurement,   as amended, permits, as a practical expedient, the Partnership
to measure the fair value of its investments in the Trading Companies on the basis of the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) if the net asset value per share of such investments is calculated in a manner consistent with the measurement
principles of ASC Topic 946   Financial Services   Investment Companies   as of the Partnership s reporting date. The net assets of each Trading Company are equal to the total assets of the Trading Company (including, but
not limited to, all cash and cash equivalents, accrued interest, and the fair value of all open Futures Interests and other assets) less all liabilities of the Trading Company (including, but not limited to, brokerage commissions that would be
payable upon the closing of open Futures Interests, management fees, incentive fees, and other expenses), determined in accordance with GAAP.  
  Trading Companies  Investments.  All commodity interests of the Trading Companies, including derivative financial
instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The commodity interests are recorded on the trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 5,  Fair Value Measurements ) at
the measurement date. Investments in commodity interests denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are
determined using the first-in, first-out method. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in the trading account in the Trading Companies  Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses
and net change in unrealized gains or losses are included in the Trading Companies  Statements of Income and Expenses.  
  Income Taxes.  Income taxes have not been listed as each partner is individually liable for the taxes, if any, on its
share of the Partnership s income and expenses. The General Partner concluded that no provision for income tax is required in the Partnership s financial statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax
returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2012 through 2015 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. The General Partner does not believe that there are any uncertain tax
positions that require recognition of a tax liability.     Investment Company Status.  Effective January 1, 2014, the
Partnership adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2013-08,   Financial Services   Investment Companies (Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements   and based on the General
Partner s assessment, the Partnership has been deemed to be an investment company since inception. Accordingly, the Partnership follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Topic 946 and reflects its investments at fair
value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and Expenses.  
  Net Income (Loss) per Unit.  Net income (loss) per Unit is calculated in accordance with ASC 946,   Financial
Services   Investment Companies.   See Note 3,  Financial Highlights.      Fair Value of Financial
Instruments . The carrying value of the assets and liabilities presented in the Statements of Financial Condition that qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 825,   Financial
Instruments,   approximates the fair value due to the short term nature of such balances.     Recent Accounting
Pronouncement . In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   The amendments in this update address certain aspects of recognition, measurement,
presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments for all entities that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities. One of the amendments in this update eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and
significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet or a description of changes in the methods and significant assumptions. Additionally,
the update eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities. Investment companies are specifically exempted from ASU 2016-01 s equity
investment accounting provisions and will continue to follow the industry specific guidance for investment accounting under Topic 946. For public business entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and
interim periods therein. For other entities, it is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The General Partner is currently evaluating the impact this
guidance will have on the Partnership s financial statements and related disclosures.    There have been no material
changes with respect to the Partnership s critical accounting policies as reported in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

3.  
    Financial Highlights:      
 Financial highlights for the limited partner Classes as a whole for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
were as follows:      
 
      11  

Table of Contents  

Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
   Net investment loss per Unit is calculated by dividing the expenses net of interest income by the average
number of Units outstanding during the period. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Unit with the other per unit information.     

** 
   Annualized.         

*** 
   Due to rounding.     
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the period.
Additionally, these ratios are calculated for each Class of Units using share of income, expenses and average Partners  Capital of the Partnership and excludes the income and expenses of the Trading Companies.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

4.  
    Financial Instruments of the Trading Companies:      
 The Trading Advisors trade Futures Interests on behalf of the Trading Companies. Futures and forwards represent contracts for
delayed delivery of an instrument at a specified date and price. Futures Interests are open commitments until the settlement date, at which time they are realized. They are valued at fair value, generally on a daily basis, and the unrealized gains
and losses on open contracts (the difference between contract trade price and market price) are reported in the Trading Companies  Statements of Financial Condition as net unrealized gain on open futures contracts, net unrealized gain on open
forward contracts, net unrealized loss on open futures contracts, and net unrealized loss on open forward contracts, as applicable. The resulting net change in unrealized gains and losses is reflected in net change in unrealized gains (losses) on
open contracts in the Trading Companies  Statements of Income and Expenses. Risk arises from changes in the value of these contracts and the potential inability of counterparties to perform under the terms of the contracts. There are numerous
factors which may significantly influence the fair value of these contracts, including interest rate volatility.    The fair
value of an exchange-traded contract is based on the settlement price quoted by the exchange on the day with respect to which fair value is being determined. If an exchange-traded contract could not have been liquidated on such day due to the
operation of daily limits or other rules of the exchange, the settlement price will be equal to the settlement price on the first subsequent day on which the contract could be liquidated. The Trading Companies  contracts are accounted for on a
trade-date basis.    The Trading Companies do not isolate that portion of the results of operations arising from the effect
of changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations from changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the Trading Companies  Statements of Income and Expenses.  
 The futures, forwards and options traded by the Trading Advisors on behalf of the Trading Companies and the U.S. Treasury
bills held by the Trading Companies involve varying degrees of related market risk. Market risk is often dependent upon changes in the level or volatility of interest rates, exchange rates and prices of financial instruments and commodities, factors
that result in frequent changes in the fair value of the Trading Companies  open positions, and consequently in their earnings, whether realized or unrealized, and cash flow.  
 Gains and losses on open positions of exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forwards, and exchange-traded futures-styled
option contracts are settled daily through variation margin. Gains and losses on non-exchange-traded forward currency contracts are settled upon termination of the contract. Gains and losses on off-exchange-traded forward currency option contracts
are settled on an agreed-upon settlement date. However, the Trading Companies are required to meet margin requirements equal to the net unrealized loss on open forward currency contracts in the Trading Companies  accounts with the counterparty.
   The Trading Companies may buy or write put and call options through listed exchanges and the over-the-counter market. The
buyer of an option has the right to purchase (in the case of a call option) or sell (in the case of a put option) a specified quantity of specific Futures Interests on the underlying asset at a specified price prior to or on a specified expiration
date. The writer of an option is exposed to the risk of loss if the fair value of the Futures Interests on the underlying asset declines (in the case of a put option) or increases (in the case of a call option). The writer of an option can never
profit by more than the premium paid by the buyer but can potentially lose an unlimited amount.    Premiums
received/premiums paid from writing/purchasing options are recorded as liabilities/assets in the Trading Companies  Statements of Financial Condition. The difference between the fair value of an option and the premiums received/premiums paid is
treated as an unrealized gain or loss within the Trading Companies  Statements of Income and Expenses.      

5.  
    Fair Value Measurements:      
  Trading Companies  Fair Value Measurements.  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Trading Companies  Investments.  The fair value of exchange-traded
futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various futures exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair value of foreign
currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of non-exchange-traded foreign
currency option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates and option implied volatilities quoted as of approximately
3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting
period.    The Trading Companies consider prices for exchange-traded commodity futures, forward, swap and option contracts
to be based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations are not readily
available are priced by broker quotes or pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2).  
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Trading
Companies  investments were classified as either Level 1 or Level 2 and the Trading Companies did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the General Partner s
assumption and internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of the reporting period. During the reporting periods, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

6.  
    Trading Advisors to the Trading Companies:      
 At September 30, 2016, the Partnership owned approximately 87.3% of Aspect I, LLC and 26.6% of Boronia I, LLC. At
December 31, 2015, the Partnership owned approximately 2.3% of BHM I, LLC, 88.4% of Altis I, LLC, 88.5% of Aspect I, LLC and 23.5% of Boronia I, LLC.  
 The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Trading Companies.  
 The tables below represent summarized results of operations for the Trading Companies that the Partnership invests in for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      

15  

Table of Contents  

Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Summarized information reflecting the Partnership s investment in, and
the Partnership s pro rata share of the results of operations of the Trading Companies is shown in the following tables.      

16  

Table of Contents  

Polaris Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

7.  
    Subsequent Events:      
 The General Partner evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The
General Partner has assessed the subsequent events through the date of issuance and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to, or disclosure in, the financial statements.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. Its only assets are its investment in the Affiliated Trading
Companies, expense reimbursement and cash at bank. The Trading Companies do not engage in sales of goods or services. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in commodity futures trading, relatively small price movements may result in
substantial losses to the Partnership, through its investments in the Affiliated Trading Companies. While substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such illiquidity occurred in the third quarter of 2016.  
 The Partnership s capital consists of the capital contributions of the partners as increased or decreased by income
(loss) from its investment in the Affiliated Trading Companies, expenses and subscriptions and redemptions of Units and distributions of profits, if any.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Partnership capital decreased 33.0% from $50,480,154 to $33,807,653. This
decrease was attributable to redemptions of 6,100.928 Limited Partners Class A Units totaling $5,948,019, 2,230.999 Limited Partners Class B Units totaling $2,305,944, 4,183.051 Limited Partners Class C Units totaling $4,509,328, and redemptions of
225.640 General Partner Class Z Units totaling $272,937, coupled with a net loss of $3,636,273. Future redemptions can impact the amount of funds available for investments in subsequent periods.  
  Critical Accounting Policies   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting period. The General Partner
believes that the estimates utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Partnership s significant accounting policies are described in detail in Note 2,  Basis of
Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  of the Financial Statements.    The Partnership and the
Trading Companies record all investments at fair value in their financial statements, with changes in fair value reported as a component of net realized gains (losses) on investments in the Affiliated Trading Companies and net change in unrealized
gains (losses) on investments in the Affiliated Trading Companies in the Statements of Income and Expenses.    The General
Partner estimates that at any given time approximately 29.7% and 42.7% of the Partnership s contracts, held indirectly through its investment in the Affiliated Trading Companies, are traded over-the-counter.  
  Results of Operations   
  General . The Partnership s results depend on the Trading Advisors and the ability of each Trading Advisor s
trading program to take advantage of price movements in the futures, forward and options markets. The following presents a summary of the Partnership s operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and a general discussion
of its trading activities during each period. It is important to note, however, that the Trading Advisors trade in various markets at different times and that prior activity in a particular market does not mean that such market will be actively
traded by the Trading Advisors or will be profitable in the future. Consequently, the results of operations of the Partnership are difficult to discuss other than in the context of the Trading Advisors  trading activities on behalf of the
Partnership during the period in question. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.    As of September 30, 2016
and June 30, 2016, the allocations between the Trading Companies were as follows:      
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

  The Partnership s results of operations set forth in the financial
statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require the use of certain accounting policies that affect the amounts reported in these financial statements, including the following: the contracts that the Trading Companies trade are
accounted for on a trade-date basis and marked to market on a daily basis. The difference between their original contract value and fair value is recorded on the Trading Companies  Statements of Income and Expenses as  Net change in
unrealized gains (losses) on open contracts,  and recorded as  Net realized gains (losses) on closed contracts  when open positions are closed out. The sum of these amounts constitutes the Trading Companies  trading results. The
fair value of a futures contract is the settlement price on the exchange on which that futures contract is traded on a particular day. The value of a foreign currency forward contract is based on the spot rate as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.),
the close of the business day.    The General Partner believes that, based on the nature of the operations of the
Partnership, no assumptions relating to the application of critical accounting policies other than those presently used could reasonably affect reported amounts.  
 During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the net asset value per Unit for Class A decreased 6.9% from $984.55 to
$917.00, as compared to an increase of 6.5% in the third quarter of 2015. During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the net asset value per Unit for Class B decreased 6.7% from $1,029.43 to $960.03, as compared to an increase of 6.7% in
the third quarter of 2015. During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the net asset value per Unit for Class C decreased 6.6% from $1,076.37 to $1,005.09, as compared to an increase of 6.8% in the third quarter of 2015. During the
Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the net asset value per Unit for Class D decreased 6.6% from $1,100.53 to $1,028.31, as compared to an increase of 6.9% in the third quarter of 2015. During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the
net asset value per Unit for Class Z decreased 6.4% from $1,176.70 to $1,101.58, as compared to an increase of 7.1% in the third quarter of 2015. The Partnership, through its investment in the Affiliated Trading Companies, experienced a net trading
loss before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2016 of $2,367,167. Losses were primarily attributable to the Trading Companies  trading of commodity futures in global interest rates, currencies, energies, global stock indices, and metals
sectors. A portion of these losses was offset by gains recorded in the agriculturals sector. The Partnership, through its investment in the Affiliated Trading Companies , experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the third
quarter of 2015 of $4,004,879. Gains were primarily attributable to the Trading Companies  trading of commodity futures in energies, global interest rates, global stock indices, metals, agriculturals and currencies sectors.  
 The most significant losses were incurred within the global interest rate sector during the third quarter from long U.S. fixed
income futures positions as prices decreased amid speculation the U.S. Federal Reserve ( Fed ) would raise interest rates in the near future. Within the currency sector, losses were experienced during July from short positions in the
Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the Canadian currency varied throughout the month amid speculation on how crude oil prices, U.S. monetary policy, and repercussions of Britain s referendum could impact the
Canadian economy. During August losses were recorded from long positions in the Australian dollar versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the Australian dollar weakened following an interest rate cut by the Reserve Bank of Australia.
Additional losses in this sector were incurred during September from short positions in the euro and Swiss franc versus the U.S. dollar. Within the energy complex, losses were recorded during August and September from short positions in crude oil
and its related products as prices increased after reports surfaced and were confirmed that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) would curtail oil production. Losses within the global stock index sector were
recorded during August and September from long positions in U.S., European, and Asian stock indices as prices fluctuated amid speculation surrounding global central bank activity and its consequential effects on the marketplace. Losses within the
metals complex were experienced in August from long positions in precious metals futures as prices moved lower due to weakening investor demand. Additional losses were recorded within the metals during September from short copper futures positions.
The Partnership s losses for the quarter were offset by gains achieved within the agricultural markets during August from short positions in wheat and corn futures as prices moved lower as positive weather conditions in the world s grain
growing regions added to a global supply glut. Additional gains were achieved in the agriculturals during September from long positions in sugar futures as prices moved higher due to unfavorable growing conditions threatening crop yields in Brazil
and India, the world s largest sugar cane growers.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net asset
value per Unit for Class A decreased 9.1% from $1,008.85 to $917.00, as compared to a decrease of 8.2% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net asset value per Unit for
Class B decreased 8.8% from $1,052.20 to $960.03, as compared to a decrease of 7.9% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net asset value per Unit for Class C decreased
8.4% from $1,097.42 to $1,005.09, as compared to a decrease of 7.5% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net asset value per Unit for Class D decreased 8.2% from
$1,120.64 to $1,028.31, as compared to a decrease of 7.4% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net asset value per Unit for Class Z decreased 7.7% from $1,193.70 to
$1,101.58, as compared to a decrease of 6.8% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Partnership, through its investment in the Affiliated Trading Companies, experienced a net trading loss before fees and expenses in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 of $2,665,593. Losses were primarily attributable to the Trading Companies  trading of metals, energies, agriculturals, and global stock indices sectors. A portion of these losses was offset by gains recorded in the global
interest rates and currencies sectors. The Partnership, through its investment in the Affiliated Trading Companies, experienced a net trading loss before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $3,889,215. Losses were
primarily attributable to the Trading Companies trading of commodity futures in global stock indices, metals, agriculturals and energies sectors and were partially offset by gains in currencies and global interest rates.  
 The most significant losses were incurred within the metals complex during January from short precious metals positions as
prices increased as uncertainty in Chinese financial markets, plunging oil prices, and signs of softening U.S. economic growth all bolstered the safe haven appeal of the metals. Additional losses were recorded during February and March from short
base metals futures positions as prices rose due to a decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar and optimism that demand would improve after the Chinese government signaled increased support for economic stimulus. During May and August, further
losses were incurred in this sector from long positions in precious metals futures positions as prices declined due to weakening investor demand. Additional losses were recorded in metals during June and September from short industrial metals
positions as prices rose after Chinese reports fueled speculation that demand would increasing. In the energy complex, losses were experienced during March from short natural gas futures positions as prices rose due to larger-than-expected inventory
draws and an improved demand outlook amid cooler temperatures forecasted in the U.S. Additional losses were recorded in this sector during April and May from short positions in crude oil and its related products as prices rose as U.S. crude
production declined, easing a global supply glut. Further losses were recorded during August and September from short positions crude oil and its related products as prices increased after reports surfaced and were confirmed that the Organization of
the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) would curtail oil production. Within the agricultural sector, losses were experienced during January from long cocoa futures positions after better-than-expected supplies from West Africa,
prospects of waning chocolate demand, and a broader commodity market sell-off sent cocoa futures prices lower. Further losses in this sector were incurred during March from short coffee futures positions. Within the global stock index sector, losses
were incurred from April through June from long and short global equity index futures positions as prices whipsawed amid speculation on government stimulus, corporate earnings, and implications of the U.K. leaving the European Union. Losses in this
sector were further recorded during August and September from long positions in U.S., European, and Asian stock indices as prices fluctuated amid continued speculation surrounding global central bank activity and its consequential effects on the
marketplace. A portion of the Partnership s losses for the first nine months of the year was offset by gains achieved within the global interest rates sector during January and February from long U.S. and European bond futures positions as
prices increased following dovish comments released by the respective central banks and a flight-to-quality due to global growth concerns. During June, additional gains were achieved within this sector from long positions in European and U.S. fixed
income futures as prices advanced as uncertainty surrounding the economic and political fallout following the U.K. s vote to leave the European Union increased demand for the relative  safety  of government debt. Within the currency
sector, gains were recorded during January from short positions in the British pound versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the pound fell amid concerns regarding the health of the U.K. economy and resulting implications for future rate
increases. Additional gains were achieved in this sector during June from long positions in the New Zealand dollar versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the New Zealand dollar increased following a decision by Reserve Bank of New Zealand
to hold off on cutting interest rates.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk        Introduction   
 All of the Partnership s assets are subject to the risk of trading loss through its investments in the Trading Companies,
each of which invests substantially all of its assets in the trading program of an unaffiliated Trading Advisor. The market-sensitive instruments held by the Trading Companies are acquired for speculative trading purposes, and substantially all of
the respective Trading Companies  assets are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market-sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental, to the Trading Companies  main line of business.  
 The futures, forwards and options traded by the Trading Companies and U.S. Treasury bills held by the Trading Companies
involve varying degrees of related market risk. Market risk is often dependent upon changes in the level or volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, and prices of financial instruments and commodities. These factors result in frequent changes
in the fair value of the Trading Companies  open positions, and consequently in their earnings, whether realized or unrealized, and cash flow. Gains and losses on open positions of exchange-traded futures, exchange-traded forward, and
exchange-traded futures-styled option contracts and forward currency option contracts are settled daily through variation margin. Gains and losses on off-exchange-traded forward currency contracts and forward currency option contracts are settled
upon termination of the contract.    The total market risk of the respective Trading Companies may increase or decrease as
it is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the diversification among the Trading Companies  open positions, the volatility present within the markets, and the liquidity of the markets.  
 The face value of the market sector instruments held by the Trading Companies is typically many times the applicable margin
requirements. Margin requirements generally range between 2% and 15% of contract face value. Additionally, the use of leverage causes the face value of the market sector instruments held by the Trading Companies typically to be many times the total
capitalization of the Trading Companies.    The Partnership s and the Trading Companies  past performance are no
guarantee of their future results. Any attempt to numerically quantify the Trading Companies  market risk is limited by the uncertainty of their speculative trading. The Trading Companies  speculative trading and use of leverage may cause
future losses and volatility (i.e.,  risk of ruin ) that far exceed the Trading Companies  experiences to date as discussed under the  Trading Companies  Value at Risk in Different Market Sectors  section and
significantly exceed the Value at Risk tables disclosed below.    Limited partners will not be liable for losses exceeding
the current net asset value of their investment.     Quantifying the Trading Companies  Trading Value at Risk   
 The following quantitative disclosures regarding the Trading Companies  market risk exposures contain
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the safe harbor from civil liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )). All quantitative disclosures in this section are deemed to be forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor, except for statements of historical fact.  
 The Trading Companies account for open positions on the basis of fair value accounting principles. Any loss in the market
value of the Trading Companies  open positions is directly reflected in the Trading Companies  earnings and cash flow.  
 The Trading Companies  risk exposure in the market sectors traded by the Trading Advisors is estimated below in terms of
Value at Risk. Please note that the Value at Risk model is used to quantify market risk for historic reporting purposes only and is not utilized by either Ceres or the Trading Advisors in their daily risk management activities.  
 Value at Risk is a measure of the maximum amount which each Trading Company could reasonably be expected to lose in a given
market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of each Trading Company s speculative trading and the recurrence of market movements far exceeding expectations in the markets traded by the Trading Companies could result in actual trading or
non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk of each Trading Company s experience to date (i.e.,  risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future projections, the
inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Trading Companies  losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk or by the Trading Companies 
attempts to manage their respective market risk.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Exchange maintenance margin requirements have been used by the Trading Companies
as the measure of their respective Value at Risk. Maintenance margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95% - 99% of any
one-day interval. Maintenance margin has been used rather than the more generally available initial margin, because initial margin includes a credit risk component, which is not relevant to Value at Risk.  
  The Trading Companies  Value at Risk in Different Market Sectors   
 As of September 30, 2016, Aspect I, LLC s total capitalization was $24,822,679. The Partnership owned approximately 87.3%
of Aspect I, LLC. As of September 30, 2016, Aspect I, LLC s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Aspect for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Average of daily Values at Risk.     
 As of December 31, 2015, Aspect I, LLC s total capitalization was $19,472,503. The Partnership owned approximately 88.5%
of Aspect I, LLC. As of December 31, 2015, Aspect I, LLC s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Aspect for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Average of daily Values at Risk.     
 As of September 30, 2016, Boronia I, LLC s total capitalization was $52,828,850. The Partnership owned approximately
26.6% of Boronia I, LLC. As of September 30, 2016, Boronia I, LLC s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Boronia for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Average of daily Values at Risk.     
      22  

Table of Contents  

  As of December 31, 2015, Boronia I, LLC s total capitalization was
$74,259,634. The Partnership owned approximately 23.5% of Boronia I, LLC. As of December 31, 2015, Boronia I, LLC s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Boronia for trading) was as
follows:      

* 
   Average of daily Values at Risk.     
 As of December 31, 2015, BHM I, LLC s total capitalization was $78,671,908. The Partnership owned approximately 2.3% of
BHM I, LLC. As of December 31, 2015, BHM I, LLC s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to BHM for trading) was as follows:  
   
   * Average of daily Values at Risk.  
 As of December 31, 2015, Altis I, LLC s total capitalization was $17,284,540. The Partnership owned approximately 88.4%
of Altis I, LLC. As of December 31, 2015, Altis I, LLC s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Altis for Trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Average of daily Values at Risk.     
      23  

Table of Contents  

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the General Partner, Ceres  President (Ceres  principal executive
officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Ceres  principal financial officer) have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016. The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information the Partnership is required to disclose in the reports that the Partnership
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the applicable rules and forms. Based on this evaluation, the President and Chief Financial Officer of Ceres have concluded
that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Partnership were effective at September 30, 2016.     Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting     There have been no changes during the period covered by this quarterly report in the Partnership s
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting.
    Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls   
 Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide reasonable (not absolute) assurance that its
objectives will be met. Furthermore, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

   PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       This section describes the major pending legal
proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership
or the General Partner.    On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware
corporation to a Delaware limited liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ).  
 MS Co. is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic
reports with the SEC as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or
regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain
descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and investigations. As a result, we refer you to the  Legal Proceedings  section of Morgan Stanley s SEC  10-K  filings for 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012,
and 2011. In addition, MS Co. annually prepares an Audited Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition ( Audited Financial Statement ) that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at  www.morganstanley.com . We
refer you to the  Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies   Contingencies   Legal  section in MS Co. s 2015 Audited Financial Statement.  
 In addition to the matters described in those filings, in the normal course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co.
has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, arising in connection with its activities as a global diversified financial services institution. Certain of the
legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. is also involved, from time to time, in investigations and proceedings by
governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, fines or penalties. The number of these investigations and proceedings has increased in recent years with regard to many
financial services institutions, including Morgan Stanley and MS Co.    MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability
company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York 10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association.  
   Regulatory and Governmental Matters         
 MS Co. has received subpoenas and requests for information from certain federal and state regulatory and governmental
entities, including among others various members of the RMBS Working Group of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force, such as the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and several state Attorney General s Offices, concerning
the origination, financing, purchase, securitization and servicing of subprime and non-subprime residential mortgages and related matters such as residential mortgage backed securities ( RMBS ), collateralized debt obligations
( CDOs ), structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ) and credit default swaps backed by or referencing mortgage pass-through certificates. These matters, some of which are in advanced stages, include, but are not limited to,
investigations related to MS Co. s due diligence on the loans that it purchased for securitization, MS Co. s communications with ratings agencies, MS Co. s disclosures to investors, and MS Co. s handling of
servicing and foreclosure related issues.    On February 25, 2015, MS Co. reached an agreement in principle with
the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California, Civil Division (collectively, the  Civil Division ) to pay $2.6 billion to resolve certain
claims that the Civil Division indicated it intended to bring against MS Co. That settlement was finalized on February 10, 2016.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an
action against MS Co. and certain affiliates in California state court styled  California v. Morgan Stanley, et al. , on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees  Retirement System and the California
Teachers  Retirement System. The complaint alleges that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding RMBS and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV, and asserts violations of the California False Claims Act and other state laws and seeks
treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On July 20, 2016, MS Co. filed a demurrer, which was granted on September 30, 2016. On October 21, 2016, the California Attorney General filed an amended
complaint.    In October 2014, the Illinois Attorney General s Office ( ILAG ) sent a letter to
MS Co. alleging that MS Co. knowingly made misrepresentations related to RMBS purchased by certain pension funds affiliated with the State of Illinois and demanding that MS Co. pay ILAG approximately $88 million. MS Co. and ILAG
reached an agreement to resolve the matter on February 10, 2016.    On January 13, 2015, the New York Attorney
General s Office ( NYAG ), which is also a member of the RMBS Working Group, indicated that it intended to file a lawsuit related to approximately 30 subprime securitizations sponsored by MS Co. NYAG indicated that the lawsuit
would allege that MS Co. misrepresented or omitted material information related to the due diligence, underwriting and valuation of the loans in the securitizations and the properties securing them and indicated that its lawsuit would be brought
under the Martin Act. MS Co. and NYAG reached an agreement to resolve the matter on February 10, 2016.    On
June 5, 2012, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an Order Instituting Proceedings Pursuant to Sections 6(c) and 6(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, Making Findings and Imposing Remedial Sanctions by The Commodity
Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) to resolve allegations related to the failure of a salesperson to comply with exchange rules that prohibit off-exchange futures transactions unless there is an Exchange for Related Position ( EFRP ).
Specifically, the CFTC found that from April 2008 through October 2009, MS Co. violated Section 4c(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the  CEA ) and CFTC Regulation 1.38 by executing, processing and reporting
numerous off-exchange futures trades to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ) and Chicago Board of Trade ( CBOT ) as EFRPs in violation of CME and CBOT rules because those trades lacked the corresponding and related cash, OTC
swap, OTC option, or other OTC derivative position. In addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 166.3 by failing to supervise the handling of the trades at issue and failing to have adequate policies and procedures designed
to detect and deter the violations of the CEA and CFTC Regulations. Without admitting or denying the underlying allegations and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to entry of findings and the
imposition of a cease and desist order, a fine of $5,000,000, and undertakings related to public statements, cooperation and payment of the fine. MS Co. entered into corresponding and related settlements with the CME and CBOT in which the CME
found that MS Co. violated CME Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $750,000 and CBOT found that MS Co. violated CBOT Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $1,000,000.  
 On July 23, 2014, the SEC approved a settlement by MS Co. and certain affiliates to resolve an investigation related
to certain subprime RMBS transactions sponsored and underwritten by those entities in 2007. Pursuant to the settlement, MS Co. and certain affiliates were charged with violating Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), agreed to pay disgorgement and penalties in an amount of $275 million and neither admitted nor denied the SEC s findings.  
 On April 21, 2015, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ( CBOE ) and the CBOE Futures Exchange, LLC
( CFE ) filed statements of charges against MS Co. in connection with trading by one of MS Co. s former traders of EEM options contracts that allegedly disrupted the final settlement price of the November 2012 VXEM
futures. CBOE alleged that MS Co. violated CBOE Rules 4.1, 4.2 and 4.7, Sections 9(a) and 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. CFE alleged that MS Co. violated CFE Rules 608, 609 and 620. The matters
were resolved on June 28, 2016 without any findings of fraud.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  On June 18, 2015, MS Co. entered into a settlement with the SEC and paid
a fine of $500,000 as part of the MCDC Initiative to resolve allegations that MS Co. failed to form a reasonable basis through adequate due diligence for believing the truthfulness of the assertions by issuers and/or obligors regarding their
compliance with previous continuing disclosure undertakings pursuant to Rule 15c2-12 in connection with offerings in which MS Co. acted as senior or sole underwriter. 
 On August 6, 2015, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an order by the CFTC to resolve allegations that
MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 22.9(a) by failing to hold sufficient US Dollars in cleared swap segregated accounts in the United States to meet all US Dollar obligations to cleared swaps customers. Specifically, the CFTC found that while
MS Co. at all times held sufficient funds in segregation to cover its obligations to its customers, on certain days during 2013 and 2014, it held currencies, such as euros, instead of US dollars, to meet its US dollar obligations. In addition,
the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 166.3 by failing to have in place adequate procedures to ensure that it complied with CFTC Regulation 22.9(a). Without admitting or denying the findings or conclusions and without
adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to the entry of findings, the imposition of a cease and desist order, a civil monetary penalty of $300,000, and undertakings related to public statements, cooperation, and
payment of the monetary penalty.      Civil Litigation    
 On December 23, 2009, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle filed a complaint against MS Co. and another defendant in
the Superior Court of the State of Washington, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  The amended complaint, filed on September 28, 2010, alleges that defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was
approximately $233 million. The complaint raises claims under the Washington State Securities Act and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates By orders dated June 23, 2011 and July 18, 2011,
the court denied defendants  omnibus motion to dismiss plaintiff s amended complaint and on August 15, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s individual motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On March 7, 2013, the court
granted defendants  motion to strike plaintiff s demand for a jury trial. The defendants  joint motions for partial summary judgment were denied on November 9, 2015. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the
mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $43 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this
action up to the difference between the $43 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs.
MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants
in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. et al.  An amended complaint, filed on June 10, 2010, alleges that defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by
MS Co. was approximately $276 million. The complaint raises claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On August 11, 2011,
plaintiff s federal securities law claims were dismissed with prejudice. On February 9, 2012, defendants  demurrers with respect to all other claims were overruled. On December 20, 2013, plaintiff s negligent
misrepresentation claims were dismissed with prejudice. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in these cases was approximately $52 million, and the certificates had incurred
actual losses of approximately $2 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss for this action up to the difference between the $55 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any
losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for
interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank ( CDIB ) filed
a complaint against MS Co., styled  China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated et al ., which is pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County ( Supreme Court of NY ).
The complaint relates to a $275 million credit default swap referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserts claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that
MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co. knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the credit default swap with CDIB. The complaint seeks compensatory damages
related to the approximately $228 million that CDIB alleges it has already lost under the credit default swap, rescission of CDIB s obligation to pay an additional $12 million, punitive damages, equitable relief, fees and
costs. On February 28, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss of up to approximately $240 million plus pre- and
post-judgment interest, fees and costs.    On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint
against MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al.  A corrected amended complaint was filed on April 8, 2011,
which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans and asserts claims under
Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately $203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such
certificates. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the corrected amended complaint on May 27, 2011, which was denied on September 19, 2012. On December 13, 2013, the court entered an order dismissing all claims related to one of
the securitizations at issue. After that dismissal, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $78 million. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of
the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $48 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this
action up to the difference between the $48 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs.
MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the
Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleges that defendants made untrue statements
and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff
by MS Co. was approximately $385 million. The amended complaint raises claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s
purchase of such certificates. On May 26, 2011, defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The defendants  motions to dismiss the amended complaint were granted in part and denied in
part on September 30, 2013. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at issue. After these
voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $332 million. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through
certificates at issue in this action was approximately $52 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference
between the $52 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may
be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. 
      28  

Table of Contents  

  On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in  Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et
al. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to
plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff currently at
issue in this action was approximately $644 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and seeks, among
other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 10, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. MS Co. perfected its appeal from that decision on June 12, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $252 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $85 million. Based on
currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $252 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a
judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses.  
 On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in  IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  filed a
complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $132 million. The complaint alleges causes of action
against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and
denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was
approximately $116 million. On August 26, 2015, MS Co. perfected its appeal from the court s October 29, 2014 decision. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department affirmed the trial court s
decision denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $26 million, and the
certificates had incurred actual losses of $58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $26 million unpaid balance of these certificates
(plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an
offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.      Settled Civil Litigation    
 On August 25, 2008, MS Co. and two ratings agencies were named as defendants in a purported class action related to
securities issued by a structured investment vehicle called Cheyne Finance PLC and Cheyne Finance LLC (together, the  Cheyne SIV ). The case was styled  Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, et al. v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al. 
The complaint alleged, among other things, that the ratings assigned to the securities issued by the Cheyne SIV were false and misleading, including because the ratings did not accurately reflect the risks associated with the subprime RMBS held by
the Cheyne SIV. The plaintiffs asserted allegations of aiding and abetting fraud and negligent misrepresentation relating to approximately $852 million of securities issued by the Cheyne SIV. On April 24, 2013, the parties reached an agreement
to settle the case, and on April 26, 2013, the court dismissed the action with prejudice.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

  On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, et al . An amended complaint filed on June 10,
2010 alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount
of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $704 million. The complaint raised claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and sought, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s
purchase of such certificates. On January 26, 2015, as a result of a settlement with certain other defendants, the plaintiff requested and the court subsequently entered a dismissal with prejudice of certain of the plaintiff s claims,
including all remaining claims against MS Co.    On July 9, 2010 and February 11, 2011, Cambridge Place
Investment Management Inc. filed two separate complaints against MS Co. and/or its affiliates and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, both styled  Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. v. Morgan
Stanley   Co., Inc., et al.  The complaints asserted claims on behalf of certain clients of plaintiff s affiliates and allege that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale of a number of mortgage
pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. and/or its affiliates or sold to plaintiff s affiliates  clients by MS Co.
and/or its affiliates in the two matters was approximately $263 million. On February 11, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.  
 On October 25, 2010, MS Co., certain affiliates and Pinnacle Performance Limited, a special purpose vehicle
( SPV ), were named as defendants in a purported class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ( SDNY ), styled  Ge Dandong, et al. v. Pinnacle Performance Ltd., et al.  On
January 31, 2014, the plaintiffs in the action, which related to securities issued by the SPV in Singapore, filed a second amended complaint, which asserted common law claims of fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding
and abetting fraudulent inducement, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. On July 17, 2014, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, which received final court approval on July 2, 2015.  
 On July 5, 2011, Allstate Insurance Company and certain of its affiliated entities filed a complaint against MS Co.
in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Allstate Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al . An amended complaint was filed on September 9, 2011, and alleges that the defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the
sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued and/or sold to the plaintiffs by MS Co. was
approximately $104 million. The complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation and seeks, among other things, compensatory and/or recessionary damages associated
with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On January 16, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
 On July 18, 2011, the Western and Southern Life Insurance Company and certain affiliated companies filed a complaint
against MS Co. and other defendants in the Court of Common Pleas in Ohio, styled  Western and Southern Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., et al . An amended complaint was filed on April 2, 2012 and
alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of the certificates
allegedly sold to plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $153 million. On June 8, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

  On September 2, 2011, the Federal Housing Finance Agency ( FHFA ),
as conservator for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, filed 17 complaints against numerous financial services companies, including MS Co. and certain affiliates. A complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates and other defendants was filed
in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Federal Housing Finance Agency, as Conservator v. Morgan Stanley et al . The complaint alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac of residential mortgage pass-through certificates with an original unpaid balance of approximately $11 billion. The complaint raised claims under federal and state securities laws and common law and seeks, among other things, rescission
and compensatory and punitive damages. On February 7, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.  
 On April 25, 2012, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and certain affiliates filed a complaint against MS Co. and
certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012, and alleges that the defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten, and/or sold by
MS Co. was approximately $758 million. The amended complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, and aiding and abetting fraud and seeks, among other things, rescission, compensatory, and/or rescissionary damages, as
well as punitive damages, associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On April 11, 2014, the parties entered into a settlement agreement.  
 On April 25, 2012, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain affiliates filed a complaint against
MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, styled  The Prudential Insurance Company of America, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  On October 16, 2012, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. The
amended complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans.
The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. was approximately $1.073 billion. The amended complaint raises claims under the New Jersey Uniform Securities Law, as well as common law claims of
negligent misrepresentation, fraud, fraudulent inducement, equitable fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, and violations of the New Jersey RICO statute, and includes a claim for treble damages. On January 8, 2016, the parties reached an agreement
to settle the litigation.     In re Morgan Stanley Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates Litigation , which had been
pending in the SDNY, was a putative class action involving allegations that, among other things, the registration statements and offering documents related to the offerings of certain mortgage pass-through certificates in 2006 and 2007 contained
false and misleading information concerning the pools of residential loans that backed these securitizations. On December 18, 2014, the parties  agreement to settle the litigation received final court approval, and on December 19,
2014, the court entered an order dismissing the action.   On November 4, 2011, the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation ( FDIC ), as receiver for Franklin Bank S.S.B, filed two complaints against MS Co. in the District Court of the State of Texas. Each was styled  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Franklin Bank, S.S.B
v. Morgan Stanley   Company LLC F/K/A Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc.  and alleged that MS Co. made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly underwritten and sold to plaintiff by MS Co. in these cases was approximately $67 million and $35 million, respectively. On July 2,
2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.    On February 14, 2013, Bank Hapoalim B.M. filed a
complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Bank Hapoalim B.M. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff
of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately
$141 million. On July 28, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, and on August 12, 2015, the plaintiff filed a stipulation of discontinuance with prejudice.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  On September 23, 2013, the plaintiff in  National Credit Union
Administration Board v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the SDNY. The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements of material fact or omitted to state
material facts in the sale to the plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates issued by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by
MS Co. to plaintiffs in the matter was approximately $417 million. The complaint alleged violations of federal and various state securities laws and sought, among other things, rescissionary and compensatory damages. On November 23,
2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the matter.    On September 16, 2014, the Virginia Attorney
General s Office filed a civil lawsuit, styled  Commonwealth of Virginia ex rel. Integra REC LLC v. Barclays Capital Inc., et al. , against MS Co. and several other defendants in the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond related to
RMBS. The lawsuit alleged that MS Co. and the other defendants knowingly made misrepresentations and omissions related to the loans backing RMBS purchased by the Virginia Retirement System. The complaint asserts claims under the Virginia Fraud
Against Taxpayers Act, as well as common law claims of actual and constructive fraud, and seeks, among other things, treble damages and civil penalties. On January 6, 2016, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. An order
dismissing the action with prejudice was entered on January 28, 2016.    Additional lawsuits containing claims similar
to those described above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General
Partner believes do not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connection with such actions.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors.       There have been no material changes to the risk factors
set forth under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and under Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Partnership s Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016.      

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       Units of
the Partnership are sold to persons and entities who are accredited investors as the term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.  
 The aggregate proceeds of securities sold in all share Classes to the limited partners from inception through September 30,
2016 was $342,587,325. Since inception, the Partnership has received $2,317,000 in consideration from the sale of Units to the General Partner.  
 Proceeds of the net offering were used for the trading of commodity interests, including futures, option, forward and swap
contracts.    The following charts set forth the purchases of limited partner Units by the Partnership.  

33  

Table of Contents  

* 
   Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem their Units as of the end of each month on three business
days  notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner can compel redemption, although to date the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Units by the Partnership reflected in the chart above
were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners.         

** 
   Redemptions of Units are effected as of the last day of each month at the net asset value per Unit as of that
day.          Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities    None.    
    Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures    Not applicable.    
    Item 5.  Other Information    None.    
      34  

Table of Contents  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits         

31.01 
    
 Certification of President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.02 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.01 
    
 Certification of President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.02 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.  

101.INS* 
    
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Document  

101.PRE* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document  

101.DEF* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document  
    Notes to Exhibits List       

* 
   Submitted electronically herewith.     
      35  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

POLARIS FUTURES FUND L.P.     

By:  
   
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 (General Partner)   

By:  
   
   /s/ Patrick T. Egan   

Patrick T. Egan 
 President and Director   

Date: November 10, 2016   

By:  
   
   /s/ Steven Ross   

Steven Ross   

Chief Financial Officer and Director   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

Date: November 10, 2016   
     
      36  

<EX-31.01>
 2
 d194634dex3101.htm
 EX-31.01

EX-31.01 

Exhibit 31.01   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I,
Patrick T. Egan, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Polaris Futures Fund L.P.;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 d194634dex3102.htm
 EX-31.02

EX-31.02 

Exhibit 31.02   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Steven
Ross, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Polaris Futures Fund L.P.;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
   Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 d194634dex3201.htm
 EX-32.01

EX-32.01 

Exhibit 32.01   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Polaris Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as
adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   

Date: November 10, 2016   

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 d194634dex3202.htm
 EX-32.02

EX-32.02 

Exhibit 32.02       
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Polaris Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven Ross, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350,
as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
   Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   

Date: November 10, 2016   

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ck0001428040-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ck0001428040-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ck0001428040-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ck0001428040-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0001428040-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ck0001428040-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

