<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_880771_0000880771-16-000208_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5115352</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>244867</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>233371</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1644086</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1698231</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>956939</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000880771-16-000208.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109163207
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000880771-16-000208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCICLONE PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000880771
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				943116852
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19825
		FILM NUMBER:		161984668

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		950 TOWER LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404-2125
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-358-3456

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		950 TOWER LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			FOSTER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94404-2125

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000880771-16-000208.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 scln-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

20160930_10Q Q3

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.  20549 

_____________________________________________ 

FORM 10-Q 

_________________________________________ 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September   30,   2016 

OR 

For the transition peri  od from ____________to _____________ 

Commission file number:  0-19825 

_____________________________________________ 

SCICLONE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

________________  _____________________________ 

(650) 358-3456 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

_____________________________________________ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.             Yes                     No             

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).         Yes           No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller Reporting Company  

Indicate by check   mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).         Yes           No       

As of   November     2  ,    2016  ,    51,053,583   shares   of the registrant s Common Stock, $0.001 par value, were issued and outstanding. 

SCICLONE     PHARMACEUTICALS  , INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE NO.  

PART I.  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September   30,   2016   and   December 31, 2015      

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of   Income   for the three-   and   nine  -  month periods ended   September   30,   2016   and    2015      

4 

Condensed Consolidated Sta  tements of Comprehensive Income     for the three-   and   nine  -  month periods ended   September   30,   2016   and   2015   

5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the   nine  -month periods ended   September   30,   2016   and   2015      

6 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

7 

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

21 

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

34 

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures   

34 

PART II.  

OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings   

35 

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors   

36 

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

58 

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

58 

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures   

58 

Item 5.  

Other Information   

58 

Item 6.  

Exhibits   

59 

Signature   

60 

2   

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL     INFORMATION 

Item 1.     Financial   Statements   (Unaudited) 

SCICLONE     PHARMACEUTICALS  , INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3   

Table of Contents  

SCICLONE     PHARMACEUTICALS  , INC. 

CONDE  NSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS   OF   INCOME 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4   

Table of Contents  

SCICLONE     PHARMACEUTICALS  , INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5   

Table of Contents  

SCICLONE     PHARMACEUTICALS  , INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands)    

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6   

Table of Contents  

SCICLONE     PHARMACEUTICALS  , INC. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Con  solidated Financial Statements  

Note 1       Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( SciClone  or the  Company ) have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) consistent with those applied in, and should be read in conjunction with, the audited consolidated financial   statements   and the notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The Company prepared the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements following the requirements of the SEC for interim reporting. As permitted under those rules, certain footnotes or other information that are normally required by GAAP can be condensed or omitted.  

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  

The interim financial information reflects all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented and are not necessarily indicative of results for subsequent interim periods or for the full year. The unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2015 is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 

Customer Concentration  

In China, pharmaceutical products are imported and distributed through a tiered method of distribution. For the Company s proprietary product ZADAXIN     , the Company manufactures its product using its US and European contract manufacturers, and it generates its product sales revenue through sales of ZADAXIN products to Sinopharm Holding Lingyun Biopharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co. Limited ( Sinopharm ). Sinopharm acts as an importer, and also as the top  tier  of the distribution system ( Tier 1 ) in China. The Company s ZADAXIN sales occur when the importer purchases product from the Company, without any right of return except for replacement of product in the events of damaged product or quality control issues. As the Company bears risk of loss until delivery has occurred, revenue is not recognized until the shipment reaches its destination. After the Company s sale of ZADAXIN to the importer, Sinopharm clears products through China import customs, sells directly to large hospitals and holds additional product it has purchased in inventory for sale to the next tier in the distribution system. The second-tier ( Tier 2 ) distributors are responsible for the further sale and distribution of the products they purchase from the importer, either through sales of product directly to the retail level (hospitals and pharmacies), or to third-tier ( Tier 3 ) local or regional distributors who, in turn, sell products to hospitals and pharmacies. The Company s other product sales revenues result from the sale of the Company s in-licensed products to importing agents and distributors. 

Promotion services revenues result from fees received for exclusively promoting products for certain pharmaceutical partners. These importing agents, distributors and partners are the Company s customers. 

Sinopharm contributed   9  2  %   and   98  %   of the Company s total net revenue for the three-month periods ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015, respectively, which revenues related to the Company s China segment.   Sinopharm contributed   92%   of the Company s total net revenue for   both   the   nine  -month periods ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015,   which revenues related to  

7   

Table of Contents  

the Company s China segment.   There were no other customers that exceeded 10% of the Company s total net revenue in the periods presented. 

Total   ZADAXIN p  roduct   sales were     $3  7  .  8   million or   9  3  %   of total net revenues,   and   were   $39  .  2   million or   91  %   of total net revenues  , for the three months ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015, respectively  . Total   ZADAXIN p  roduct sales   were   $10  7  .  9   million or   93  %   of total net revenues,   and   were     $105  .  9   million or   9  3  %   of total net revenues  , for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   As of   September   30,   2016, approximately   $  3  4  .  8   million, or   92  %  , of the   Company's     accounts receivable was attributable to   one   customer, Sinopharm, in China. The Company generally does not require collateral from its customers. The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses and such actual losses may vary significantly from its estimates. 

Per the Company s previous contractual arrangement with Sinopharm through December 31, 2015, and a renewed contractual arrangement with Sinopharm (the Company s sole distributor for ZADAXIN in China) which took effect January 1, 2016, the Company s sales of ZADAXIN to Sinopharm   were   denominated in US dollars   through June 30, 2016  . However, the established importer price   was   adjusted quarterly based upon exchange rate fluctuations between the US dollar and   Chinese Yuan Renminbi ( RMB )  .   Effective July 1, 2016, the Company s sales of ZADAXIN to Sinopharm are   and will be   denominated in RMB.     A significant portion of the Company s other revenues and expenses are   also   denominated in RMB and a significant portion of the Company s assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB and   all   are exposed to foreign exchange risk.   In   the   recent   year and   months, the RMB has experienced de  valuation. Such devaluation   negatively affect  s   the US dollar value   of revenues   while   it   positively affects the US dollar value of China operating expenses  .    RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. In China, foreign exchange transactions are required by law to be transacted only by authorized financial institutions at the exchange rates quoted by   the   People s Bank of China. Remittances in currencies other than RMB by the Company in China require certain supporting documentation in order to   process   the remittance. 

Accounts Receivable    

Receivable Reserve.     The Company records a receivable reserve based on a specific review of its overdue invoices. The Company s estimate for a reserve is determined after considering its existing contractual payment terms, payment patterns of its customers and individual customer circumstances, the age of any outstanding receivables and its current customer relationships. Accounts receivable are written off at the point when they are considered uncollectible.  

As of December 31, 2015, the Company had a receivable reserve of   $0.5   million   related to accounts receivable   from   one   customer that was more than   one   year past due. During 2014, the Company s subsidiary, SciClone Pharmaceuticals International China Holding Ltd ( SPIL China ) executed an agreement with this customer providing for settlement of the   receivable balance, which at the time was   $1.9   million, of which   $1.0   million was paid in 2014. SPIL China collected   $0.4   million under this agreement in May 2015 and this gain on recovery was recorded as a   $0.4   million reduction to general and administr  ative expense for the     nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2015.   In March 2016, SPIL China collected the remaining   $0.5   million from this customer and this gain on recovery was recorded as a   reduction   to general and administrative expense   for the   first quarter of   2016. The Company recognized   $0.5   million of bad debt expense in general and administrative expense during the first quarter of 2015 related to past due receivables from another customer, due to uncertainty regarding the collectability of the customer s outstanding receivable balance. The Company wrote-off the   $0.5   million of past due accounts receivable from this customer during the fourth quarter of 2015 as uncollectible. As of   September   30,   2016, the Company had a receivable reserve of   $0.1   million.  

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been rendered or delivery has occurred, the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  

Product Revenue  .   The Company recognizes product revenue from selling manufactured ZADAXIN product at the time of delivery. Sales of ZADAXIN to Sinopharm are recognized upon arrival of a shipment to its destination, which marks the  

8   

Table of Contents  

point when title and risk of loss to product are transferred. The Company also earns product revenue from purchasing medical products from pharmaceutical companies and selling them directly to importers or distributors. The Company recognizes revenue related to these products based on the  sell-in  method, when the medical products have been delivered to the importers or distributors. Payments by the importing agents and distributors are not contingent upon sale to the end user by the importing agents or distributors. 

Effective January 1, 2016, the Company s new contractual arrangement with its China importer and distributor for ZADAXIN, Sinopharm, is resulting in the later recognition (relative to practices prevailing under the old contractual arrangement through December 31, 2015) of a portion of the Company s revenue   due from   Sinopharm related to situations where the provincial tender price is greater relative to a reference (baseline) tender price. The tender price is the ultimate retail end price approved by provincial authorities. There is a price mechanism in the new contractual arrangement whereby the customer is invoiced at a lower base price relative to that prevailing in the previous agreement. The lower base price (as well as estimated price compensation payable due to the distributor for situations where the provincial tender price is lower than the reference (baseline) tender price) is recorded as revenue at   the time the sale is completed   upon arrival   at destination  . To date, there are no situations where a provincial tender price is less than the reference (baseline) tender price. The distributor is invoiced for the portion of the price that results from situations where the provincial tender price is greater than the reference (baseline) tender price at a later time, and such amount is recognized as revenue after the amo  unt has been agreed with   the distributor.   It   is expected that the price compensation due to the Company   related to sales in a quarter   under the price adjustment mechanism for provinces with tender prices above the ref  erence (baseline) tender price will   be recognized   on   a rolling two-to-three   quarter   delayed   basis relative to   the originating sales   quarter.    

Promotion Services Revenue  .   The Company recognizes promotion services revenue after designated medical products are delivered to the distributors as specified in a promotion services contract, which marks the period when marketing and promotion services have been rendered and the revenue recognition criteria are met.  

Revenue Reserve.   The Company generally maintains a revenue reserve for product returns based on estimates of the amount of product to be returned by its customers which are based on historical patterns, analysis of market demand and/or a percentage of sales based on industry trends, and management s evaluation of specific factors that may increase the risk of product returns. Importing agents or distributors do not have contractual rights of return except under limited terms regarding product quality. However, the Company is expected to replace products that have expired or are deemed to be damaged or defective when delivered   upon arrival at destination  . The calculation of the revenue reserve requires estimates and involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment. As a result of the uncertainties involved in estimating the revenue reserve, there is a possibility that materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions.  

As of   September   30,   2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s revenue reserves were     $0.  1   million.  

Investments 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s   investment     portfolio   included an   available-for-sale   investment in   the   common stock of a third party   (Note 10) categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. This investment security was acquired in early September 2016  . The Company records unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale investments in other comprehensive income   (loss)  . Realized gains and losses and declines in value judged to be other-than temporary on available-for-sale investments are included in earnings.  

Available-for sale investments are evaluated for impairment each reporting period. An investment is considered impaired if the fair value of the investment is less than its cost. If after consideration of all available evidence to evaluate the realizable value of its investment, impairment is determined to be other-than-temporary, then an impairment loss is recognized in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

9   

Table of Contents  

Inventories  

Inventories consist of raw materials, work in progress and finished products. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value), with cost determined on a first-in, first-out basis, and include amounts related to materials, labor and overhead. The Company periodically reviews the inventory in order to identify excess and obsolete items, including pharmaceutical products approaching their expiration dates. If obsolete or excess items are observed and there are no alternate uses for the inventory, the Company will record a write-down to net realizable value. For the three-   and   nine  -  month periods ended   September   30,   2016  , the Company recorded inventory write-downs   to cost of product sales   of approximately   $0   and   $34,000  , respectively,   related to ZADAXIN inventory expected to expire.     For the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September   30,   2015, the Company   recorded   no   write-downs related to inventory.    

Loans Receivable 

Loans receivable are due from a   single   third party (see Note 4). Loans are initially recorded, and continue to be carried, at unpaid principal balances under  other assets  on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. Carried balances are subsequently adjusted for payments of principal or adjustments to the allowance for loan losses to account for any impairment. Interest income is recognized over the term of the loans and is calculated using the simple-interest method, as the loans do not have associated premium or discount. If the loans were to experience impairment, interest income would not be recognized unless the likelihood of further loss was remote. 

Although the measurement basis is unpaid principal (as adjusted for subsequent payments or impairment), not fair value, the loans receivable would qualify as Level 3 measurements under the fair value hierarchy (Note 2) due to the presence of significant unobservable inputs related to the counterparty, which is a private entity.  

Management considers impairment to exist when, based on current information or factors (such as payment history, value of collateral, and assessment of the counterparty s current creditworthiness), it is probable that principal and interest payments will not be collected according to the contractual agreements. Management considers a loan payment delinquent when not received by the due date. As of   September   30,   2016 and December 31, 2015, management concluded the loans receivable were not impaired, and there was   no   allowance for loan losses. 

Net Income     Per Share 

Basic net income     per share has been   computed by dividing net income     by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for   the period. Diluted net income   per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common equivalent shares outstanding for   the period. Diluted net income   per share includes any dilutive impact from outstanding stock options, stock awards and the employee stock purchase plan using the treasury stock method.  

The following is a reconciliation of the numerator and denominators of t  he basic and diluted net income     per share computations   (in thousands, except per share amounts):    

10   

Table of Contents  

For the three months ended   September   30,   2016   and 2015  , outstanding stock options and awards for   2,394,941     and   1,514,534     shares   were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share because the effect from the assumed exercise or issuance of these options and awards calculated under the treasury stock method would have been   anti-dilutive. In addition, for     the three months ended   September   30,   2016   and 2015  , outstanding stock options and awards for   275,0  00     and   312,500     shares  , respectively,   subject to performance conditions were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share because the performance criteria had not been met. 

For the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, outstanding stock options and awards for   2,151,751   and   1,043  ,  815   shares, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share because the effect from the assumed exercise or issuance of these options and awards calculated under the treasury stock method would have been anti-dilutive. In addition, for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, outstanding stock options and awards for   275  ,0  00   and   325,137   shares, respectively, subject to performance conditions were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share because the performance criteria had not been met.  

Error Corrections 

The Company revised its condensed consolidated statement of income for the   nine     months ended   September   30,   2015 by reducing   general and administrative   expense and increasing sales and marketing expense by   $0.  7   million for costs incurred related to marketing events.  

The Company provided   $1.  3   million of additional income tax expense, and recorded a corresponding accrual in accrued and other current liabilities, during   the     nine   months ended   September   30,   2016 to correct an error.   The error corrected reflected the recognition of a previously unrecognized liability for an uncertain tax position related to the potential nondeductibility, under   the People s Republic of China (   PRC   )   tax regulations, of certain marketing costs related to the Company s China operations. The adjustment related to tax years 2013 to 2015 and reflected the estimated tax exposure for each year as well as accrued interest thereon; such tax and interest amounts were   $0.4   million,   $0.5   million, and   $0.4   million for the full years 2013, 2014, and 2015, respectively. The Company s management evaluated the effects of the error on each prior annual and interim period, as well as the total error accumulated at the end of each respective prior period, and concluded under both approaches that the effects of the error were not material to previously issued annual or interim financial statements. The Company s management also evaluated the total amount of the error correction in relation to projected results for full year 2016 and concluded the impact is not expected to be material to the projected annual results. Accordingly, the total adjustment was recorded out-of-period   in the first   nine months   of 2016.   Management also concluded that the relevant amounts were not material to current liabilities or stockholders  equity in any prior period or the current period.      

New Accounting Standards Updates 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update   ( ASU )   2014-09,   "Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (Topic 606)  "  , which contains new accounting literature relating to how and when a company recognizes revenue. Under ASU 2014-09, a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company s fiscal year beginning January 1, 2018, which reflects a one year deferral approved by the FASB in July 2015, with early application permitted provided that the effective date is not earlier than the original effective date. The Company is in the process of determining what impact, if any, the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. The standard permits the use of either the full retrospective or modified retrospective transition method. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, "  Income Taxes (Topic 740):     Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes .   This ASU amends existing guidance to require that deferred income tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet, and eliminates the prior guidance which required an entity to separate deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount in a classified balance sheet. The amendments in this ASU  

11   

Table of Contents  

are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual period. Additionally, the new guidance may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company has not yet selected an adoption method. The impact of adopting this guidance is not expected to be material to the consolidated financial statements given the Company s deferred tax amounts. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,    Financial Instruments (Topic 825): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities   . The amended guidance (i) requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; (ii) eliminates the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is currently required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at fair value; (iii) requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments and (iv) requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (that is, securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, or calendar 2018 for the Company. The amended guidance should be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is evaluating the impact of adoption of this update on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,    Leases   (Topic 842)   . Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability and a lease asset for all leases, including operating leases, with a te  rm greater than 12 months on the   balance sheet. The update also expands the required quantitative and qualitative disclosures surrounding leases. This update is effective for the Company from calendar 2019 and from the first interim period of calendar 2019, with earlier appli  cation permitted. The Company   is evaluating   the impact of the adoption of this update on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,    Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,    which outlines new provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for share-based payments and their presentation in the financial statements. The   Company currently plans to implement this ASU as required in the first quarter of   calendar   2017. The Company   does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,    Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Statements.    This ASU requires a financial asset (or group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial asset(s) to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected on the financial asset. The standard is effective for the Company from calendar 2020, with early adoption permitted for calendar 2019. The Company   has yet to commence an evaluation of   the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB   issued ASU   2016-15,      Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payment  s (Topic 230)  ."     Current GAAP is unclear or does not include specific guidance on how to classify certain transactions in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how eight particular transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU No. 2016-15 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted, provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period. Entities will be required to apply the guidance retrospectively. If it is impracticable to apply the guidance retrospectively for an issue, the amendments related to that issue would be applied prospectively. As   the     likelihood of the Company experiencing one or more of the eight  

12   

Table of Contents  

particular specified transactions is low  , ASU   2016-15 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements  . 

Note 2       Fair Value Measurements 

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Fair value measurements are based on a three-tier hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value.   The three levels of input   are: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.   

The following table  s     represent   the Company s fair value hierarchy for its financial assets (cash equivalents   and investments  ) measured at fair value on a recurring basis   (  in thousands  ): 

13   

Table of Contents  

Note 3       Inventories 

Inventories     consisted of the following   (in thousands)  : 

Included in the Company s inventory a  s of   September   30,   2016   and   December 31, 2015     was     $3  .  0   million and   $  3.3 million  , respectively,     in   inventory held at distributors related t  o    non-ZADAXIN products  . 

Note 4       Loans Receivable 

As part of the Company s May 2013 license and supply agreement with Zensun (Shanghai) Science   Technology Co. Ltd ( Zensun ), the Company previously agreed to loan up to $12 million to Zensun. The entry into the license and supply agreement in the second quarter of 2013, pursuant to which the Company licensed the exclusive rights to promote, market, distribute, and sell Neucardin  TM  , a chronic heart failure product under development by Zensun (such rights licensed for the People s Republ  ic of China, Hong Kong and Macao  ) is more fully described in the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter of 2013.  

Pursuant to its agreement to loan funds, the Company loaned   $12   million to Zensun. The extension of credit and funding to Zensun was accomplished through two of the Company's subsidiaries, SPIL China and SciClone Pharmaceuticals (China) Ltd. ( SciClone China ). 

With respect to lender SciClone China, Zensun can   make   RMB-denominated borrowings for up to RMB 1,550,000 using an entrustment mechanism with a bank as an intermediary. In the third quarter of 2014, SciClone China entered into an entrusted loan agreement for RMB 1,550,000 (approximately US$  232  ,000 as of   September   30,   2016  ) with Zensun, using a major Chinese bank as the lending agent. SciClone China is the principal and ultimately bears the credit risk, not the bank. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 7.5% per annum and Zensun is subject to obligations of the borrower as specified in the loan agreements. The loan term is sixty-six months. All outstanding principal and interest balances must be repaid by the maturity date, with prepayments permitted without penalty upon prior notice. 

With respect to lender SPIL China, Zensun   could   request US-dollar denominated borrowings up to $11.75 million. As of   September   30,   2016, borrowings totaling   $11.7  5 million had been requested by Zensun and paid by SPIL China with   $4.5 million lent in the second half of 2014 and   $  7  .25 million lent in the   second   quarter of   2015  . These borrowings bear interest at a fixed rate of 7.5% per annum payable annually in arrears at each interest payment date as defined in the   overall loan   agreement. These borrowings mature on September 26, 2017, with an option   (granted at loan origination)   electable by the borrower to extend for two additional years provided certain conditions are met.   As of September 30, 2016, the borrower had notified the Company of its intent to exercise its option to extend the borrowings for two additional years.   All outstanding balances must be repaid by the maturity date, with prepayments permitted without penalty upon prior notice. 

The proceeds of the two separate but related loans are to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes by Zensun. To secure the loans, Zensun pledged its entire equity interest in its subsidiary, Shanghai Dongxin Biochemical Technology Co. Ltd. (whose assets include real property) to SPIL China. 

Management, on the basis of (i) a creditworthiness evaluation using recent Zensun financial information, (ii) consideration of evidence of the market value of the pledged security indicating such market value exceeded the outstanding loan principal, and (iii) consideration of Zensun s compliance with the terms of the loans and timely payments of interest,  

14   

Table of Contents  

concluded there were no indications of loan impai  rment as of     September   30,   2016 or December 31, 2015; accordingly, there is no allowance for losses. 

The two loans are included in  other assets  on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   September   30,   2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Interest income on the loans amounted to $0.  2   million for   both   the three months ended   September   30,   2016     and 2015. Interest income on the loans amounted to   $0.  7   million and $0.  5   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,   and   is included in interest and investment income in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement  s of   income  . 

Note 5       Goodwill 

The follow  ing table represents the change   in goodwill for the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2016    (  in thousands  ): 

Note 6       Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 

Accrued   and other current   liabilities consisted of the following     (in thousands):           

Note 7   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income   (Loss) 

Changes in the composition of accumulated other comprehensive income   (loss) f  or the three   and   nine     months ended   September   30,   2016   and   2015   are as follows (  in thousands  ):  

15   

Table of Contents  

Note 8   Stockholders  Equity 

Stock-based Compensation  

The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation expenses included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of   income    (  in thousands  ):  

Stock Options 

During   the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, the Company granted options to purchase a total of 1,390,000 shares of common stock and options to purchase   1,630,359   shares of common stock were exercised. As of   September   30, 2016, there was approximately $  7  .  4   million of unrecognized compensation expense, net of forfeitures, related to non-vested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining period of approximately   2.  5  0   years. 

Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) 

During the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016,   315  ,000 RSUs were granted at a grant date fair value per share of $  10  .  01   and   150,500   RSUs vested. As of   September   30, 2016, there was approximately $  4  .  3   million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of forfeitures, related to non-vested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining period of approximately   1.48   years.    

Repurchase of Common Stock 

The Company repurchased and retired   1,526,306   shares at a cost of   $12.8   million during the   nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2015 under its share repurchase program that expired December 31, 2015.  

Note 9          Commitments   and Contingencies 

Legal Matters 

The Company is a party to various legal proceedings and   was   subject to government investigations, as noted in this section below. All legal proceedings and any government investigations are subject to inherent uncertainties, unfavorable rulings or other adverse events which could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include substantial monetary damages or awards, injunctions or other remedies, and if any of these were to occur, the possibility exists for a material adverse impact on the Company s business, results of operations, financial position, and overall trends. The Company might also conclude that settling one or more such matters is in the best interests of its stockholders and its business, and any such settlement could include substantial payments.  

As previously disclosed, since 2010 the SEC and the US Department of Justice ( DOJ ) had each been conducting formal investigations of the Company regarding a range of matters, including the possibility of violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ), primarily related to certain historical sales and marketing activities with respect to the Company s  

16   

Table of Contents  

China operations. In response to these matters, the Company s Board appointed a Special Committee of independent directors (the  Special Committee ) to oversee its response to the government inquiry. Based on an initial review, the Special Committee decided to undertake an independent investigation as to matters reflected in and arising from the SEC and DOJ investigations in order to evaluate whether any violation of the FCPA or other laws occurred.  

The Company previously recorded a charge to operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2013 in the amount of   $  2.0     million for the accrual of an estimated loss associated with the SEC and DOJ investigations based on the available information at the time. In the second quarter of 2015, the Company recorded an additional charge to operating expenses of   $10.8   million based on an agreement in principle reached with the SEC which had not yet been finalized   at that time  , bringing the accrued liability to   $12.8   million. 

On October 7, 2015, the Company deposited   $12.8   million in an interest-bearing escrow account that it established related to the agreement in principle regarding a proposed settlement of FCPA-related matters with the staff of the SEC, creating a cash restriction at the time of deposit. On February 4, 2016, the Company announced that it entered into a settlement agreement with the SEC fully resolving the SEC s investigation into possible violations of the FCPA. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, in February 2016 the Company paid to the SEC a total of   $12.8   million which was released from its escrow account, including disgorgement, pre-judgment interest and a penalty as final settlement. This payment   was   in line with the charges the Company previously recorded and disclosed as summarized above. As part of the agreement the Company neither admitted nor denied engagement in any wrongdoing and the Company agreed to give status reports to the SEC for the next three years on its continued remediation and implementation of anti-corruption compliance measures. The DOJ has also completed its related investigation and has declined to pursue any action.  

NovaMed   Pharmaceuticals (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. ( NovaMed Shanghai )   was a party to a Distribution and Supply Agreement with MEDA Pharma GmbH   Co. KG ( MEDA ). Following the Company s acquisition of NovaMed   Shanghai  , MEDA claimed it had a right to terminate the agreement under a change of control provision.   NovaMed Shanghai   does not believe that MEDA had a right of termination under the agreement.   NovaMed Shanghai   filed an application for binding arbitration with the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ( CIETAC ) on July 26, 2012. On April 2, 2014, CIETAC issued the final Award of the Arbitral Tribunal. The Arbitral Tribunal found that MEDA did have a right to terminate the agreement upon a change of control, but that MEDA must make reasonable reimbursement to NovaMed   Shanghai   before any product rights are returned to MEDA.   The amount that must be paid includes   $333,333     as  unjust enrichment  plus an amount for reasonable compensation for such services provided by   NovaMed Shanghai   to MEDA. The amount of such payment for services was not determined by the Arbitral Tribunal, but was left to be determined by NovaMed   Shanghai  . On April 30, 2014,   NovaMed Shanghai   informed MEDA that its determination of reasonable compensation for its services was     $  3,314,629  , including the $333,333   for unjust enrichment.       MEDA made a counter offer and the parties were attempting to resolve the matter without an additional arbitration proceeding. In December 2014,   NovaMed Shanghai   filed a  Request for Second Arbitration  with CIETAC in order to enforce its right to compensation. The arbitration case is pending with CIETAC  .     On April 20, 2016, the Second Arbitral Tribunal ordered the bifurcation of the proceedings. The first stage of the proceedings will deal with the question whether NovaMed Shanghai in principle has claims against MEDA. A   first oral hearing took   place on July   6 and 7, 2016. The parties were originally   invited to comment on the issues raised at the first hearing until October 14, 2016.   Due to ongoing settlement negotiations between the parties this deadline has been extended to December 23, 2016.   If one party feels the need to then respond to the other party's submission, the Second Arbitral Tribunal will at its discretion grant such opportunity to file an additional submission until   February 6, 2017  .    The parties are further expected to file cost submissions by February 13, 2017.   In parallel, the parties are in settlement discussions. The date for the next hearing has not yet been scheduled.   The amount of any final payment to   NovaMed Shanghai   remains uncertain, and as such the Company has not recognized it as a gain contingency  . 

17   

Table of Contents  

Purchase Obligations 

Under agreements with certain of the Company s pharmaceutical partners, the Company is committed to certain annual minimum product purchases where the contract is subject to termination if the an  nual minimum order is not met.   As of   September   30,   2016  , the Company did not have any material unmet purchase obligations. 

Note 10     Investments in Third Party 

On September 9, 2016, the Company and Soligenix, Inc. (trading under ticker  SNGX  D    on the OTCQB over-the-counter market) entered into an exclusive license agreement (the  License Agreement ), including a common stock purchase agreement, pursuant to which Soligenix granted rights to the Company to develop, promote, market, distribute and sell an oral mucositis-targeted drug candidate ( SGX942 ) in the People s Republic of China, including Hong Kong and Macau, as well as Taiwan, South Korea and Vietnam (the  Territory ). Under the terms of the License Agreement, the Company will be responsible for all aspects of development, product registration, and commercialization in the Territory, having access to data generated by Soligenix. In exchange for exclusive rights, beyond an upfront payment, the Company will pay to Soligenix royalties on net sales, and Soligenix will supply commercial drug product to the Company on a cost-plus basis, while maintaining worldwide manufacturing rights. This exclusive agreement builds on an existing collaboration between the two companies established in 2013, in which the Company provided its complete oral mucositis clinical and regulatory data library to Soligenix in exchange for certain, previously undisclosed, commercialization rights to the oral mucositis drug candidat  e in the Greater China market.   As the Company obtained rights for Greater China (mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau) in the earlier 2013 exchange, the September 2016 agreement in substance represented the acquisition of additional rights for Taiwan, South Korea, and Vietnam. 

As part of   the License Agreement, the Company entered into a c  ommon stock purchase agreement   with Soligenix pursuant to which the Company bought 3,529,412 shares of Soligenix common stock  .    These common shares are unregistered but the Company has demand registration rights and can compel a registration of the securities in a reasonably short time in the event the Company plans to sell the shares.   The total cash consideration of   $3,000,000   paid to Soligenix at the time of the transaction reflected the purchase price of the common stock and the   consideration for expanded territorial rights in South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam. 

As   of the transaction date, the common stock was recorded at an initial cost of   $2.7 million   representing public  ly available quoted prices. As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the Soligenix common stock investment was $2.7 million and unrealized gains (losses) on the investment were zero. The Company is holding the Soligenix shares in    t  h  e   context of a business relationship, and as such has class  if  ied them as available-  f  or  -sale. The common stock inves  t  ment will be adjusted to f  a  i  r value at each reporting date with unrealized gains   (losses) reported as a componen  t of other comprehensive income (loss).   The residual cash consideration   of $0.3 million related to the expanded territorial rights was recorded as research and development expense for the three  -   and nine  -  month periods ended September   30, 2016  . 

Note 1  1     In-License Costs 

For the three- and   nine  -month periods ended   September   30, 2016, the Company recognized   $0.3   million   and   $2.  3   million of research and development ( R D ) expenses for upfront and   milestone payments related to   in-license agreement  s  . For the three-and   nine  -month periods ended   September   30, 2015, the Company recognized   $0 and   $5.5 million  , respectively,   in R D expenses related to   upfront and milestone payments for   its in-license agreements, primarily with Theravance Biopharma, Inc.  

Note 1  2     Income Taxes 

The provision   for income taxes primarily relates to taxable income of the Company   s China operations. The provision   for income tax was $  1  .  1   million and $0.  6   million for the three-month periods ended   September     30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The   lower   tax for the three-month period ended   September   30, 2015   primarily   related to the restructuring of the Company s China business. The provision for income tax was   $2  .6 mi  llion and $0.6 million   for the   nine   month periods ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the   nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2016, the Company s tax provision included  

18   

Table of Contents  

$1.3   million of additional tax expense representing the correction of an error related to a previously unrecognized liability for an uncertain tax position in China (refer also to Note 1,    Error Corrections   )  . In addition, the tax provision for the   nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2015 was lower, compared to the   nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2016, due   to lower tax related to restructuring the Company s China business. The Company s statutory tax rate in China was   25%   in 2016 and 2015.  

T  he Company has concluded that its offshore undistributed accumulated earnings as of December 31, 2015 were indefinitely reinvested, and has therefore provided no taxes thereon  . T  he Company concluded that a portion of its earnings expected to be generated by foreign subsidiaries in 2016 will be repatriated to the parent company in order to address the parent company s liquidity needs.   A dividend distribution was already made to the parent company in early 2016 and further distrib  utions may be made. The   actual   r  epatr  i  ation year-to  -  date a  nd any further   anticipated     repatriations  , however,   are   not expected to result in any additional US federal or state tax liability for 2016 as ongoing tax-deductible corporate expenses   already incurred and   expected to be incurred by the parent company more than offset the amount of the   taxable income represented by the   dividend distribution  s  . These   actual amounts and   expectations have been reflected in the Company s estimated annual effective tax rate for 2016. 

Note 1  3     Segment Information and Geographic Data 

The Company reports segment information based on the internal reporting used by management for evaluating segment performance based on management s estimates of the appropriate allocation of resources to segments. 

The Company operates and manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. Accordingly, the Company determined its operating segments and reporting units, which are generally based on the nature and location of its customers, to be 1) China, and 2) Rest of the World, including the US and Hong Kong. 

The Company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on revenues and operating income (loss). Revenues for geographic segments are generally based on the location of customers. Operating income (loss) for each segment includes revenues, related cost of sales and operating expenses directly attributable to the segment. Operating income (loss) for each segment excludes non-operating income and expense. Summary information by operating segment for the three  - and   nine  -month periods ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015 is as follows (  in thousands  ):  

19   

Table of Contents  

Long-lived assets as of   September   30,   2016 and December 31, 2015 by operating segment are as follows (  in thousands  ): 

20   

Table of Contents  

Item 2.            Management s   Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our business, industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by us. Words such as   "may," "will," "would," "could," "should," "might," "believes," "estimates," "projects," "potential," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "intends," "continues," "forecast," "designed," "goal,"  approximately  or the negative of those words   or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, including those statements we make regarding our future financial results.   These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and actual outcomes may differ materially.  

These include risks and uncertainties relating to: 

our substantial dependence on sales of ZADAXIN      in China;     

government regulatory action affecting our Company or our drug products or our competitors' drug products in China, the US and other foreign countries, including the effect of government initiatives in China, particularly the Chinese government s increasing regulation of the pharmaceutical industry through anti-corruption activities;     

Chinese government regulatory actions intended to reduce pharmaceutical prices such as the reduction in the governmentally permitted maximum listed price for our products and increased oversight of the health care market and pharmaceutical industry;     

prospects for ZADAXIN and our plans for its enhancement and commercialization as well as our expectations regarding other products;      

future size of the hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) and hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) and other markets, particularly in China;     

anticipated product sales of current or anticipated products;      

the sufficiency of our resources to complete clinical trials and other new product development initiatives; government regulatory actions that may affect product reimbursement, product pricing or otherwise affect the scope of our sales and marketing; the timing and outcome of clinical trials;     

t  he dependence of our current and future revenue and prospects on third-party license, promotion or distribution agreements, including the need to renew such agreements, enter into similar agreements, or end arrangements that SciClone does not believe are beneficial;     

the effects of the resolution of the SEC and DOJ investigations and our ability to continue to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and carry out the continued reporting responsibilities agreed to with the SEC;     

our ability to implement and maintain controls over our financial reporting;      

operating an international business, particularly in China including pricing regulations, slow payment cycles and currency exchange fluctuations;      

uncertainty in the prospects for unapproved products, including uncertainties as to pricing and competition and risks relating to the clinical trial process and related regulatory approval process and the process of initiating trials at, and enrolling patients at, clinical sites;      

research and development and other expense levels;      

the ability of our suppliers to continue financially viable production of our products;      

the allocation of financial resources to certain trials and programs, and the outcome and expenses related to litigation; and     

21   

Table of Contents  

other factors discussed in this Report under Part I, Item 2  Management   s   Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and Part II, Item 1A  Risk Factors .     

These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors including, but not limited to, those described under the caption  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. 

Overview    

SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: SCLN) is a United States ( US )-headquartered, China-focused, specialty pharmaceutical company with a substantial commercial business and a product portfolio of therapies for oncology, infectious diseases and cardiovascular disorders. We are focused on continuing to grow our revenue and profitability. Our business and corporate strategy is focused primarily on the People s Republic of China ( China  or  PRC ) where we have built a solid reputation and established a strong brand through many years of experience marketing our lead product, ZADAXIN       (thymalfasin). In addition, we have an established business model with large pharmaceutical partners to promote and sell products and we are focused on establishing profitability in all of these collaborations. We believe our sales and marketing strengths position us to benefit from the long-term expansion of the pharmaceutical market in China. According to Globe Newswire, the Chinese pharmaceutical market currently ranks second among the global pharmaceutical markets, and had an estimated worth of $105 billion in 2014. It is forecasted to increase significantly to $200 billion by 2020. We seek to expand our presence in China and increase revenues by growing sales and profits of our current product portfolio, launching new products from our development pipeline, adding new, profitable product services agreements and leveraging our strong cash position to in-license additional products. 

We operate in two segments which are generally based on the nature and location of our customers: 1) China and 2) the Rest of the World, which includes our US and Hong Kong operations. 

We have two categories of revenues:  product sales revenues  and  promotion services revenues.  Our product sales revenues result from our proprietary and in-licensed products, including our lead product, ZADAXIN; DC Bead     ,     a product for the embolization of malignant hypervascularized tumors, for which we initiated sales and recorded product revenue beginning in the third quarter of 2015, and   products from Pfizer International Trading (Shanghai) Ltd. ( Pfizer ). Through June 30, 2015, our product sales revenues also included Aggrastat     , an intervention cardiology product launched in China in 2009, in-licensed from Cardiome Pharma Corp ( Cardiome ).   In August 2015, we and Cardiome mutually agreed to end our collaboration for Aggrastat, thereby terminating our exclusive distribution rights in China, and returning all rights to the product to Cardiome. We rec  orded Aggrastat revenues of $1.8   million   for the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2015  ,    none thereafter,   and we do not expect to generate any further Aggrastat revenues. We do not anticipate that the termination of this agreement will adversely affect our profitability. 

ZADAXIN has the highest margins in our portfolio as it is a premium product sold exclusively by SciClone. In addition, we anticipate that new marketed products, when and if introduced, can increase the future revenues and profitability of our pharmaceutical business in China over the coming years. Our  promotion services revenues  result from fees we receive for exclusively promoting products in China for Baxter International, Inc. ( Baxter ). We recognize promotion services revenues as a percentage of our collaborator s product sales revenue for these exclusively promoted products. Over time, as additional proprietary or in-licensed products come to the market, we aim to shift our product mix towards those products providing higher margins for us. 

ZADAXIN is approved in over 30 countries and may be used for the treatment of HBV, HCV, and certain cancers, and as an immune system enhancer according to the local regulatory approvals we have in these countries. In China, thymalfasin is included in the treatment guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health ( MOH ) for liver cancer, as well as guidelines for treatment of chronic HBV (issued by both the Chinese Medical Association and the Asian-Pacific Association for the Study of  

22   

Table of Contents  

the Liver) and invasive fungal infections of critically ill patients (issued by the Chinese Medical Association). Our sales force is focused on increasing sales to the country s largest hospitals (class 3A with over 500 beds) as well as mid-size hospitals (class 2A). These hospitals serve Tier 1   and Tier 2 cities located mostly in the eastern part of China, which are the largest and generally have the most affluent populations. We are widening our market strategies by piloting e-commerce approaches to reach customers  .     We are also seeking to expand   the indications for which ZADAXIN could be used, including sepsis  , and on September 26, 2016, we announced the first patient has been treated in   the investigat  or-  initiated   clinical trial in sepsis using   ZADAXIN   in China  .    

We initiated sales and recorded our first product revenue from DC Bead in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. The China Food and Drug Administration had approved the registration of   DC Bead   for the embolization of malignant hypervascularized tumors in August 2014. DC Bead may be used to treat liver cancer, a large and growing indication in China, and we believe our oncology sales team and academic marketing liaisons have established high quality relationships with medical professionals and institutions that specialize in cancer treatment, which we believe will be a valuable asset as we continue commercial sales of DC Bead. BioCompatibles UK Ltd. ( BTG ) and SciClone previously entered into an agreement granting SciClone exclusive licensing and distribution rights to DC Bead in China. Under the agreement, we are purchasing DC Bead product from BTG. 

We are also pursuing the registration of Loramyc     , a mucoadhesive tablet formulation of miconazole lauriad to treat oropharyngeal candidiasis. 

Our agreement with Baxter is for a 5-year term, through December 2017, and our agreement with Pfizer is for a 5-year term, through June 2019. We are pursuing additional agreements to generate additional revenue. We continue to seek in-licensing arrangements for well-differentiated products at various stages of development that, if not yet approved, have a defined regulatory approval pathway in China. Our objective is to in-license products that provide us with higher margins, augmenting our product sales revenue and profitability, and we continue to explore opportunities to optimize our promotion services revenues.  

On September 26, 2016, we   also   announced the first patient has been treated in the Phase 1   proof-of-concept   trial of PT-112, a multi-targeted platinum-pyrophosphate anticancer agent being developed for patients with advanced solid tumors  ,   in Taiwan  . PT-112 is a key early-stage asset supporting our strategy to expand our oncology portf  olio and drive long-term growth. We obtained  , in 2015,   exclusive development and commercialization rights to PT-112 from Phosplatin Therapeutics for Greater China   (mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau)   and Vietnam, along with option rights in South Korea and Taiwan. 

On   September   12,   2016, we and S  oligenix, Inc. announced that   we   entered into an exclusive license agreement granting rights to SciClone to develop, promote, market , distribute and sell SGX942 (dusquetide), a novel, first-in-class therapy being developed for the treatment of oral mucositis in pat  i  ents with head and neck cancer. The licensing agreement includes the People s Republic of China, including Hong Kong and Macau, as well as Taiwan, South Korea and Vietnam   (the  Territory )  . This   exclusive agreement builds on an   existing collaboration, in w  hich   we provided our   comp  l  ete oral mucositis cli  ni  c  al and regulatory data library to Soligenix in exchange for certain, previously un  d  is  cl  osed, commercialization righ  t  s to SGX942 in the Greater China market.   The Phase 2 preliminary results reported by Soligenix, Inc. showed a significant reduction in the duration of severe oral mucositis in patients receiving chemoradiation therapy for treatment of their head and neck cancer.    

Under the terms of the agreement, we transferred cash consideration of $3 million to Soligenix for 3,529,412 shares of Soligenix common stock and expanded rights for SGX942 in Taiwan, South Korea, and Vietnam, as we had previously obtained rights for Greater China in the 2013 exchange. In addition, we will be responsible for all aspects of development, product registration and commercialization in the Territory, having access to data generated by Soligenix. In the future, we will pay to Soligenix royalties on net sales, and Soligenix will supply commercial drug product to us on a cost-plus basis, while maintaining worldwide manufacturing rights. 

23   

Table of Contents  

In May 2015, Theravance Biopharma, Inc. ( Theravance Biopharma ) granted SciClone exclusive development and commercialization rights to VIBATIV       (telavancin) in China, as well as the Hong Kong SAR, the Macao SAR, Taiwan and Vietnam, in exchange for upfront and regulatory milestone payments totaling $6 million. SciClone will be responsible for all aspects of development and commercialization in the partnered regions, including pre- and post-launch activities and product registration. SciClone will initially develop VIBATIV for hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia and ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia, and additional indications may include complicated skin and skin structure infections and potentially bacteremia. Theravance Biopharma will sell to SciClone all clinical and commercial product required to develop and commercialize VIBATIV in China and our other licensed territories.  

In December 2014, we entered into a strategic partnership with The Medicines Company for two cardiovascular products in China. The partnership includes an agreement granting us a license and the exclusive rights in China to promote two products including 1) Angiomax       (bivalirudin) for Injection, an anticoagulant indicated in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with provisional use of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor (GPI) and in patients with, or at risk of, heparin-induced thrombocytopenia and thrombosis syndrome undergoing PCI for which a Phase 3 registration trial was completed in China and is currently under review by the China Food and Drug Administration for marketing approval, and 2) Cleviprex       (clevidipine) Injectable Emulsion, a third-generation dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker indicated for the reduction of blood pressure when oral therapy is not feasible or desirable for which a clinical trial application (CTA) for China was filed in 2013. We received CTA approval from the   China Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA )   in early 2016 and are preparing a clinical study  .     As   Chiesi USA, Inc. and its parent company, Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A.,   ( Chiesi ) acquired the rights to Cleviprex in June 2016   from the Medicines Company  , SciClone will now be working together with Chiesi and The Medicines Company to progress the Cleviprex clinical study going forward. Under the terms of the agreement, which apply to Chiesi for Cleviprex, we will be responsible for all aspects of commercialization, including pre-and post-launch activities, for both products   (Cleviprex and Angiomax)   in the China   market (excluding Hong Kong and Macao).   We have also agreed to participate in the China registration process for both products. Financial terms of the agreement, in addition to net sales royalties payable to The Medicines Company, include the following additional payments to The Medicines Company   and Chiesi  : an upfront payment made in the fourth quarter of 2014; a project support services fee; and regulatory/commercial success milestone payments of up to an aggregate of $50.5 million.    

O  u  r   license agreement with Taiwan Liposome Company ( TLC )   grants   us a license and   the exclusive rights in China   to promote, market, distribute and sell ProFlow       for the treatment of peripheral arterial disease ( PAD ) and other indications. In November 2014, TLC was notified by the CFDA that ProFlow did not receive clinical trial approval  .    TLC   appealed   the decision   and the CFDA has not rendered a final decision  .   

In May 2013, we entered into a framework agreement with Zensun (Shanghai) Science   Technology Co., Ltd. ( Zensun ) for the exclusive promotion, marketing, distribution and sale of Neucardin  TM   in China, Hong Kong and Macao. Neucardin is a novel, first-in-class therapeutic for the treatment of patients with intermediate to advanced heart failure, for which a New Drug Application ( NDA ) was submitted to and accepted for review by the CFDA in 2012. In December 2013, the CFDA informed Zensun that its Phase 2 data is insufficient, and has asked Zensun to submit a new NDA once the ongoing Phase 3 study reached its endpoints. As part of our agreement with Zensun, we agreed to loan up to $12 million to Zensun, of which $12 million had been loaned as of   September   30,   2016 (refer to Note 4 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements appearing under Part I, Item 1 for further information regarding the Zensun loans).  

Recent governmental policy changes in China have eliminated national regulation of the maximum retail drug prices for most drugs effective as of June 1, 2015. Decisions by provincial authorities appear to be emerging as the primary governmental mechanism for price controls. As an example, the Zhejiang provincial authority announced a price limitation for sales of ZADAXIN in the province in April 2015 that became effective in May 2015. We were able to mitigate the impact of this price limitation by shifting an equitable portion of the burden of the price reduction to our distributor in our sales channel; accordingly, the impact of the price reduction for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $2.8 million. The impact of the 2015 tender price reduction in Zhejiang province does not require providing for estimated price compensation payable under our new contractual arrangement with Sinopharm, which took effect January 1, 2016, as the lower tender price is reflected in a  

24   

Table of Contents  

lower base invoice price to our customer under the new contractual arrangement. We anticipate that provincial pricing decisions will continue to be a significant factor in the China pharmaceutical market for the foreseeable future. The impact of such decisions on our future results is unpredictable, but we expect that pricing pressures on revenue in 2016 will be offset at least in significant part through sharing of the burden with our China distributor and potentially through volume increases. However, in the future, prices could be reduced to levels significantly below those that would prevail in an unregulated market, which may limit the growth of our revenues or cause them to decline.    

In addition,   our new contractual arrangement with Sinopharm Holding Lingyun Biopharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co. Ltd (Sinopharm), our China distributor for ZADAXIN, which commenced January 1, 2016 is resulting in the later recognition (relative to practices prevailing through December 31, 2015 under the expired prior contractual arrangement) of a portion of our revenue invoiced to Sinopharm in situations where the provincial tender price (ultimate retail end price approved by provincial authorities) is greater relative to a reference (baseline) tender price. This is due to a price adjustment mechanism in the new contractual arrangement whereby the customer is invoiced at a lower base price relative to that prevailing in the previous agreement. The lower base price (as well as estimated price compensation payable due to the distributor for situations where the provincial tender price is lower than the referenced (baseline) tender price) is recorded as revenue at   the time the sale is completed   upon arrival   at destination  . Currently, there are no provinces with lower-than-reference tender prices leading   to price compensation payable.   The distributor is then invoiced for the portion of the price that may result from situations where the provincial tender price is greater than the reference (baseline) tender price at a later time, and such amount will be recognized as revenue after the amount has been agreed   upon with   the distributor. Although we do not expect this new arrangement to have a significant impact on annual revenue or the amount recognized on an annual   basis, it   has and may continue to impact our current and future quarterly revenue amounts and   timing. For example, we   expect that the price compensation receivable due to us from the distributor for higher tender price provinces   for a   quarter   will be re  co  gnized on a two-to-three   quarter delayed basis   relative to the originating sales   quarter     going forward. 

As previously disclosed, since 2010 the US Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and the US Department of Justice ( DOJ ) had each been conducting formal investigations of us regarding a range of matters, including the possibility of violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ). On February 4, 2016, we announced that we entered into a settlement agreement with the SEC fully resolving the SEC s investigation into possible violations of the FCPA. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, in February 2016 we paid a total of $12.8 million, including disgorgement, pre-judgment interest and a penalty as final settlement which was released from our restricted escrow account which we funded in the fourth quarter of 2015. This payment is in line with the charges we previously recorded and disclosed in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2015. As part of the agreement we neither admitted nor denied engagement in any wrongdoing and we agreed to give status reports to the SEC for the next three years on our continued remediation and implementation of anti-corruption compliance measures. The DOJ has also completed its related investigation and has declined to pursue any action (refer to Note 9 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements appearing under Part I, Item 1 and  Legal Proceedings  in Part II, Item 1 for further information regarding the SEC and DOJ investigations). 

In early February 2016, we announced that our Board of Directors had initiated a p  rocess to identify, examine and co  nsider a range of strategic alternatives avai  la  b  l  e to us with a view to enhancing stockholder value and had enga  g  ed Lazard   as its financial advisor to assist the Board in evaluating strategic alternatives. In July 2016, we announced tha  t   ou  r Board is no longer continuing   active discussions with potential acquirers which were undertaken   as part of its str  a  tegic   review proces  s and that the Board will contin  ue to evaluate additional strategic opportunities while continuing to focus on   growing   the Company s business. 

We believe our cash and cash equivalents as of   September   30,   2016 and ongoing revenue generating business operations will be sufficient to support our current operating plan for at least the next 12 months. Our results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and we may report losses in the future.  

25   

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations                                      

Revenues: 

The following table  s   summarize the period over period change  s   in our product sales and promotion services   revenues     (in thousands):  

Product sales were $  39.  5   million for the three-month period ended   September   30,   2016 compared to $  42.0   million   for the   corresponding period in 2015, a   de  crease of $  2.  5   million, or 6  %.   ZADAXIN sales were $  3  7.8   million for the three-month   period ended   September   30,   2016, compared to $39  .  2   million for the   corresponding period of 2015, a de  crease   of $  1.  4   million or   3  %  , which mainly related to a 12  % increase in volum  e sold, offset by a   9  % decrease in selling price related   to a decrease   in the list price of ZADAXIN in Zhejiang province since May 2015 and related to a lower base invoice price in our new arrangement with Sinopharm that became effective January 1, 2016 discussed below   as well as   a 6%   unfavorable exchange rate impact  .     DC Bead product sales were $0 and $1.0 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Product   sales were $  112.  6   million for the   nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2016 compared to   $  112.4   million   for the corresponding period in 2015, an   increase of $  0.  3     million, or 0  %. ZADAXIN sales were $  10  7  .  9     million for the   nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2016, compared to $  105.9   million for the corresponding period of 2015, an increase   of   $2.  0   million or 2  %,   which mainly related to a 15  % increase in volume sold,   offset partially by a 7  % decrease in selling price related to a decrease in the list price of ZADAXIN in Zhejiang province since May 2015 and related to a lower base invoice price in our new   arrangement with Sinopharm that became effective January 1, 2016 discussed below   as well as   a 6%   unfavorable exchange rate impact  .     DC Bead product   sales were $0 and $1.0 mill  ion, respectively, for the nine   months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Product sales increased $1.0   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016, compared to   the corresponding period of 2015  , related to our oncology product sales.   Aggrastat      product sales were zero and $  1.8   million for the   nine  -month periods ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, due to the termination of our agreement with Cardiome as discussed below.   

Our new contractual arrangement with Sinopharm which commenced January 1, 2016 is resulting in the later recognition (relative to practices prevailing through December 31, 2015) of a portion of our revenue invoiced to Sinopharm in situations where the provincial tender price is greater relative to a reference (baseline) tender price. This is due to a price adjustment mechanism in the new contractual arrangement whereby the customer is invoiced at a lower base price relative to that prevailing in the previous agreement. The lower base price (as well as estimated price compensation payable due to the distributor for situations where the provincial tender price is lower than the reference (baseline) tender price) is recorded as revenue at the time the sale is completed (arrived at destination). There are presently no provinces with tender prices below the reference (baseline) tender price, and therefore no price compensation payable situations. The distributor is then invoiced for the portion of the price that may result from situations where the provincial tender price is greater than the reference (baseline) tender price at a later time, and such amount will be recognized as revenue after the amount has been agreed   upon with   the distributor. Although we do not expect this new arrangement to have a significant impact on annual revenue or the amount recognized on an annual basis, it has and may continue to impact our current and future quarterly revenue amou  nts and timing. For example,   the price compensation receivable due to us from the distributor for higher tender price provinces   for amount  s   sold in the first quarter of 2016 was   recognized   in   the   third   quarter of 2016   in the amount of $0.2 million. W  e expect that the price compensation receivable due to us from the distributor for higher tender price provinces for a qua  rter will be recognized on a two-to-three     quarte  r delayed basis relative to the originating sales   quarter going forward. 

26   

Table of Contents  

Per our previous contractual arrangement with Sinopharm through December 31, 2015, and the aforementioned renewed contractual arrangement with Sinopharm (our sole importer and distributor for ZADAXIN in China) which took effect January 1, 2016, our sales of ZADAXIN to Sinopharm   were   denominated in US dollars   through June 30, 2016  . However, the established importer price   was   adjusted quarterly based upon exchange rate fluctuations between the US dollar and RMB.   Effective July 1, 2016, our sales of ZADAXIN to Sinopharm are and will be denominated in RMB going forward. Our China ZADAXIN sales revenues have been (under the prior adjustment mechanism which operated on a lag basis) and will be in the future (as invoiced directly in RMB) subject to exchange rate risk. In recent months the RMB has experienced devaluation.  

We anticipate that ZADAXIN revenues in 2016 will be higher than 2015, although our revenues are subject to exchange rate fluctuations and provincial adjustments to tender (retail level, government approved) prices which we cannot predict.  

Recent governmental policy changes in China have eliminated national regulation of the maximum retail drug prices for most drugs effective as of June 1, 2015. Decisions by provincial authorities appear to be emerging as the primary governmental mechanism for price controls. As an example, the Zhejiang provincial authority announced a price limitation for sales of ZADAXIN in the province in April 2015 that became effective in May 2015. Changes in provincial drug prices for ZADAXIN in the provinces could impact our future sales revenues.  

In China, pharmaceutical products are imported and distributed through a tiered method of distribution. For our proprietary product ZADAXIN, we manufacture our product using our US and European contract manufacturers, and we generate our product sales revenue through sales of ZADAXIN product to Sinopharm. Sinopharm acts as an importer, and also as the top  tier  of the distribution system ( Tier 1 ) in China. Our ZADAXIN sales occur when Sinopharm purchases product from us without any right of return except for replacement of product in the event of damaged product or quality control issues. Passage of title and risk of loss are transferred to Sinopharm at the time of arrival of a shipment at its destination. After the sale, Sinopharm clears products through China import customs, sells directly to large hospitals and holds additional product it has purchased in inventory for sale to the next tier in the distribution system. The second-tier ( Tier 2 ) distributors are responsible for the further sale and distribution of the products they purchase from the importer, either through sales of product directly to the retail level (hospitals and pharmacies), or to third-tier ( Tier 3 ) local or regional distributors who, in turn, sell products to hospitals and pharmacies.  

Promotion services revenue   was $  1.1   million   and $0.  9   million for the quarters ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015, respectively,   an increase of $  0.2 million, or 22  %.   Promotion services r  evenue   was $  3.4   million and $2.0   million for the   nine  -month period  s   ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of   $1.4 million, or 66  %.   The   increase  s   related to increased sales of     Endoxan  TM     and Holoxan  TM     product   promoted under our agreements with Baxter. 

Our Baxter promotion agreement is for a 5-year term, through December 2017. Our Pfizer product distribution agreement is for a 5-year term, through June 2019. In   August 2015, we and Cardiome, from whom we licensed Aggrastat, mutually agreed to end our collaboration for Aggrastat, and   we   return  ed   all rights to the product to Cardiome. We recorded Aggrastat revenu  es of $1.8   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2015  ,    and none thereafter  . We do not expect to generate any further Aggrastat revenues. We do not anticipate that the termination of this agreement will adversely affect our profitability. 

We continue to assess the financial performance of the products we promote and distribute under our agreements and their overall value within our entire portfolio of products. Over time, we anticipate the product mix that we promote will change, which may affect our revenues and profitability in the future. If any of these agreements are determined to no longer be beneficial to us and are allowed to expire, or if third parties will not renegotiate, renew or extend the agreements on terms acceptable to us, our revenues would be adversely affected and our profitability may be adversely or beneficially affected. On the other hand, if we are successful in negotiating better terms, there may be a positive impact on our revenues and profitability. 

All of our promotion services revenue  ,   and a majority of our product revenues  ,   related to our China segment.   Total China revenues were   $38.  3   million and $  40.7   million  , respectively  , or   95%   of sales  , for   both     the three months ended   September   30,    

27   

Table of Contents  

2016 and 2015. Rest of the   World segment revenues were   $2.2 million  , or     5%  ,   for   both     the three months ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015  ,    and related to sales of ZADAXIN product.    

Total Chin  a    revenues were $  110.  4   million and $109.4   million, or   95% and   96%   of sales  , respectively,   for     the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015  . Rest of the   World segment revenues were $  5.6   million   and $5.0   million, or   5% and   4  %  ,    for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015,   respectively,   and related to sales of ZADAXIN product. 

For the three months ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015, sales to Sinopharm in   China accoun  ted for   approximately 92  % and 98  % of our revenues, respectively.   For   both   the   nine  -month periods ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015, sales to Sinopharm in China accounted for approximately   92%     of our revenues.   Our experience with our largest customer has been good and we anticipate that we will continue to sell a majority of our product to them.  

Cost of Product Sales: 

The following table  s   summarize the period over period change  s   in our cost of product sales   (in thousands)  : 

Cost of product sales for the three months ended Septemb  er 30, 2016   decreased $1.3 million or 19%, compared to the corresponding period in 2015 mainly related to reduction  s   in DC Bead  , Methotrexate      and Aggrastat cost of   product sales   primarily r  elated to a reduction in   sales   of those products  .    In addition, cost of product sales of ZADAXIN decreased due to manufacturing overhead volume efficiencies.   Cost   of product sales was   $  17.1   million   for   both   the   nine  -month period  s   ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015.    

We expect our ZADAXIN cost of product sales and gross margins to fluctuate from period to period depending on the level of sales and price of our products, the absorption of product-related fixed costs, currency exchange fluctuations, any charges associated with excess or expiring finished product inventory, and the timing of other inventory period costs     such as manufacturing process improvements for the goal of future cost reductions. 

Overall, we expect our gross margin percentages in 2016 to be   slightly   lower than 2015, based on   lower selling prices   in certain   province  s  , with indications of others to follow, as well as the unfavorable impact of currency exchange fluctuations. 

Sales and Marketing   ( S M )  : 

The following table  s summarize   the period over period change  s   in our   S M   expenses   (in thousands): 

S M   expenses for the three months ended   September   30,   2016 de  creased   by $  1.8 million, or 12  %, compared to the corresponding period in 2015  .     The decrease in S M expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the corresponding period in 2015, primarily related to decreases in sales and marketing events and lower DC Bead-related   launch   costs.   S M   expenses for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016   increased by $  0.4 million, or 1  %  , compared to the corresponding period in 2015  , related to growth in our S M efforts for ZADAXIN.    

We anticipate total S M expenses for the year ending December 31, 2016 to be higher than those   incurred for the year ended December 31, 2015 related to growth in our S M efforts for ZADAXIN  .   

28   

Table of Contents  

Research and Development ( R D ): 

The following table  s summarize   the period over period change  s   in our R D expenses   (in thousands): 

R D expenses for the three months ended   September   30,   2016, in  creased   $2.2 million, or 216  %, compared to the corresponding period in 2015.   For the three months ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015, we   recorded $0.  3   million and $0   million, respectively,   related   to   in-license arrangements with certain   licens  ors   and $2.  8   million and $1.0   million, respectively  ,   related to R D expenses   for   clinical and preclinical R D activities with certain   licens  ors  . 

R D expenses for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016   in  creased   $0.8 million, or   9  %, compared to the corresponding period in   2015  . For the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015, we recorded $2.3   million and $5.5 million, respectively, related   to   in-license arrangements  , and $7.0   million and $3  .2 million, respectively, related to R D expenses for clinical and preclinical R D activities with certain   licens  ors  . 

The major components of R D expenses include salaries and other personnel-related expenses, including associated stock-based compensation, facility-related expenses, depreciation of facilities and equipment, license-related fees, services performed by clinical research organizations and research institutions and other outside service providers.  

We anticipate our R D expenses to increase in 2016 compared to 2015 related to potential license fee payments, milestone payments expected to occur under license arrangements, and related to research and development activities   with certain   licens  ors  . 

General and Administrative (     G A     ): 

The following table  s summarize   the period over period changes in our   G A   expenses   (in thousands):    

G A expenses for the three-month period ended   September   30,   2016 increased by   $0.6   million, or    8  %, compared to the corresponding period in 2015.   Costs related to the Company s strategic review to maximize   stockholder   value   and stock-based compensation   increased for the three-month period ended   September   30, 2016, compared to the corresponding period in 2015.  

G A expenses for the   nine  -month period ended     September   30, 2016, increased by $2.  7 million, or 13  %, compared to the   corresponding   period in 2015  .   Costs related to the Company s strategic review to maximize     stockholde  r   value increased for the   nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2016, compared to the corresponding peri  od in 2015 by approximately $2.0   million including higher legal, tax and other professional costs. In addition, during th  e    nine   months ended   September   30, 2016  , the Company recorded higher professional fees related to other tax matters as well as higher stock-based compensation expense, offset partially by $0.5 million of   lower   bad debt expense  . This bad debt expense was recorded   to reserve accounts receivable   from a customer that w  ere   uncertain of collection   during the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2015  ; this amount   did not recur in the corresponding 2016 period. 

We expect our G A expenses in 2016 to increase compared to 2015 related to growth in our business   and related to our strategic review  .   As previously announced, our Board   is no longer continuing active discussions with potential acquirers which were undertaken as part of the Company s strategic review process  ,   and determined that at this   time   remaining an inde  pendent publicly traded company     is   the best path forward to maximize long-term value.   However, the Board intends to continue to  

29   

Table of Contents  

review and refine the Company s corporate strategy and evaluate new opportunities and we   may continue to incur certain G A expenses in connection with this evaluation.     

SEC Settlement Expense: 

We previously recorded a charge of $2.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 related to the possibility of a settlement with the SEC and DOJ regarding their investigation into possible violations of the FCPA by us, and we recorded an additional charge of $10.8 million associated with the proposed settlement with the SEC in the second quarter of 2015. In February 2016,   we entered into a settlement agreement with the SEC fully resolving the SEC s investigation into possible violations of the FCPA. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, in February 2016 we paid $12.8 million, including disgorgement, pre-judgement interest and a penalty as final settlement. As part of the agreement, we neither admitted nor denied engagement in any wrongdoing a  nd we agreed to give status reports to the SEC for the next three years on our continued remediation and implementation of anti-corruption compliance measures  . The DOJ has also completed its related investigation and has declined to pursue any actions.   Refer to Part I, Item 1, Note 9  Contingencies  and Part II, Item 1  Legal Proceedings  for further information on this matter. 

Provision     for Income Tax: 

The provision     for income taxes primarily relates to taxable income of our   China operations. The provision   for income tax was $  1.1   million and   $0.6   million for the three-month periods ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015, respectively  .     The   lower tax for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 related to the restructuring of   the Company s China business  .    

The provision for   income tax was $2  .6   million and $  0  .  6 million   for the   nine  -month periods ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   For the   nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2016, our   tax provision included $1.3   million of additional tax expense representing the correction of an error related to a previously unrecognized liability for an uncertain tax position in China (refer also to Note 1,    Error Corrections   )  . In addition, the tax provision for the   nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2015 was lower, compared to the   nine  -month period ended   September   30, 2016, due   to lower tax related to restructuring   our   China business.    

Our statutory tax rate in China was 25% in 2016 and 2015.   We expect the provision for income tax to increase for the year ending December 31, 2016, compared to the year ended December 31, 2015  ,     due to growth in our China operations   and related to an uncertain tax position in China  . 

We have concluded that our offshore undistributed accumulated earnings as of December 31, 2015 were indefinitely reinvested, and have therefore provided no taxes thereon. We concluded that a portion of our earnings expected to be generated by foreign subsidiaries in 2016 will be repatriated to the parent company in order to address the parent company s liquidity needs. A dividend distribution in this regard already occurred in early 2016, and we may have another. This actual distribution and any future anticipated repatriations, however, are not expected to result in any additional US federal or state tax liability for 2016 as ongoing tax-deductible corporate expenses already incurred and expected to be incurred by the parent company more than offset the amount of the actual and any further expected dividend distributions. These actual and expected amounts have been reflected in our estimated annual effective tax rate for 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources    

We closely manage our liquidity and capital resources. We rely on our operating cash flows and cash and cash equivalents to provide for our liquidity requirements. We continue to believe that we have the ability to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months to fund our working capital requirements of our operations, including investments in our business and to fund our business development activities. 

The following tables summarize our cash and our cash flow activities as of the end of, and for each of, the periods presented   (in thousands): 

30   

Table of Contents  

As of   September   30,   2016, we had   $  130.1   million in cash and cash equivalents, of which $  1  24.2   million was located in subsidiaries of the Company outside the US. Cash and cash equivalents held by subsidiaries outside the US are held primarily in US dollars. Such cash and cash equivalents are used to fund the operating activities of our foreign subsidiaries and for further investment in foreign operations, which may include in-licensing new products, particularly for China, and for potential acquisitions.  

We concluded that as of December 31, 2015, $  176.2   million of accumulated undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries continue to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the US.    In making this determination, the following attributes were considered: (i) the expected future needs of the foreign subsidiaries, including working capital, capital expenditures, as well as additional investments     to support the infrastructure in our China subsidiaries and (ii) additional investments to support our expansion in the China market as well as planned product licensing transactions. Upon distribution of our foreign undistributed earnings, we may be subject to US federal and state income taxes.  

Based on our current operating plan, we do not anticipate the need to repatriate undistributed earnings held by foreign subsidiaries accumulated as of December 31, 2015. We have repatriated (via a dividend distribution in early 2016) and we plan to repatriate a further portion of current year expected foreign earnings generation to fund our limited US operations. We have provided and are providing for US income taxes on the portion of current year actual and expected foreign earnings generation that we have repatriated and anticipate repatriating from our foreign subsidiaries, and our estimated annual effective tax rate for the quarter reflects both the provisions as well as benefits associated with our operations. We do not anticipate having to record any US tax liability related to the actual and any further repatriations, because US actual and forecasted corporate expenses more than offset the actual and anticipated dividend income. We plan to indefinitely reinvest outside of the US the remaining unrepatriated expected current year foreign earnings generated in 2016.  

Net cash provided by operating activities was $  31.0   million for the   nine  -months ended   September   30  , 2016 and primarily reflected the net income for the period, adjusted for non-cash items such as stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Accounts receivable   decreased $1.  6   million related to payments received   from customers during the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2016. Accounts payable and accrue  d liabilities de  creased   $1.6   million mainly related to a decrease in compensation and benefits and sales and marketing accruals for payments made during the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2016.  

Net cash provided by operating activities was $  30.4   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2015 and primarily reflected the net income for the period adjusted for non-cash items such as stock-based compensation expense, provision for doubtful accounts, depreciation and amortization expense and changes in operating assets and liabilities.  

Net cash used in investing activities was   approximately $2.9   million   and $8  .3   million   for the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   As further discussed in Note 10   to   the notes to   the   unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, on September 9, 2016, we and Soligenix entered into an exclusive license agreement (the  License Ag  reement ), pursuant to which   Soligenix granted rights to   the Company   to develop, promote, market, distribute and sell SGX942 in the People s Republic of China, including Hong Kong and Macau, as well as Taiwan, South Kor  ea and Vietnam  . In connection with the execution of the License Agreement,   we   entered into a common stock purchase agreement  

31   

Table of Contents  

with Soligenix pursuant to which   we   bought 3,529,412 shares of Soligenix common stock   valued at $2.7 million as of September 30, 2016. 

As part of our license and supply agreement with Zensun, we agreed to loan up to $12 million in total to Zensun under two separate loan agreements (such lendings are further described in Note 4 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements appearing under Part I, Item 1). Pursuant to these agreements,   in the second half of 2014, we   loaned $4.75 million to Zensun  , and   in April 2015, we loaned $7.25 million to Zensun, bringing the total amount loaned to Zensun to $12.0 million. The proceeds of the loans are to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes by Zensun. To secure the loans, Zensun pledged its entire equity interest in its subsidiary, Shanghai Dongxin Biochemical Technology Co. Ltd. (whose assets include real property) to our subsidiary, SciClone Pharmaceuticals International China Holding Ltd.  

For the   nine   months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015, we also purchased $  0.1   million and $1.1   million of property and equipment, respectively. 

Net cash   provided by financing activities and net cash   used in financing activities was   $0.6   million and   $  9.1   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015, respectively.   For the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2016 and   2015, we received   $0.6 million and   $  3.7   million  , respectively,   of net proceeds from the issuances of common stock made pursuant to options exercised, or shares otherwise issued for cash, under our stock award plans.   For the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2015, we used $  12.8   million to repurchase and retire   1,526,306   shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase program that expired December 31, 2015.  

The following summarizes our future obligations including uncertain tax positions as of   September   30,   2016 (  in thousands): 

(1) 

These are future minimum rental commitments for office space and copiers leased under non-cancelable operating lease arrangements.     

(2) 

These consist of purchase obligations with manufacturers and distributors.     

(3) 

As we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the payments or the amount by which our obligations for unrecognized tax benefits will increase or decrease over time, the related balances have not been reflected in the  Payments Due by Period  section of the table.      

Under our license agreements with third parties we have agreed to various upfront and milestone payments related to regulatory and commercial success and other achievements that may require substantial payments in the future. 

We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and ongoing revenue generating business operations will be sufficient to support our current operating plan for at least the next 12 months.   We have no current commitments to offer and sell any securities that may be offered or sold pursuant to a registration statement. To the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may subject us to restrictive covenants and significant interest costs. To the extent that we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements, we would be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies, product candidates or marketing territories. Additional financing or collaboration and licensing arrangements may not be available when needed either at all or on favorable terms.  

32   

Table of Contents  

We intend to continue to explore alternatives for financing to provide additional flexibility in managing our operations, in-licensing new products, particularly for China, and potential acquisitions, as may be required.   In addition, as previously disclosed, our Board   intends to continue to review and refine the Company s corporate strategy and evaluate new strategic opportunities to enhance   stockholder value.   The unavailability or the inopportune timing of any financing could prevent or delay our long-term product development and commercialization programs, either of which could hurt our business. We cannot assure you that funds from financings, if any, will be sufficient to in-license additional products. The need, timing and amount of any such financing would depend upon numerous factors, including the level and price of our products, the timing and amount of manufacturing costs related to our products, the availability of complementary products, technologies and businesses, the initiation and continuation of preclinical and clinical trials and testing, the timing of regulatory approvals, developments in relationships with existing or future collaborative parties, the status of competitive products, and various alternatives for financing. We have not determined the timing or structure of any transaction.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions in the preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.  

Our revenue recognition policy is as follows.  

Revenue Recognition  

We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been rendered or delivery has occurred, the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  

Product Revenue.   We recognize product revenue from selling manufactured ZADAXIN product at the time of delivery. Sales of ZADAXIN to Sinopharm are recognized upon the arrival of a shipment to its destination when title and risk of loss to the product are transferred. We also earn product revenue from purchasing medical products from pharmaceutical companies and selling them directly to importers or distributors. We recognize revenue related to these products based on the  sell-in  method, when the medical products have been delivered to the importers or distributors. Payments by the importing agents and distributors are not contingent upon sale to the end user by the importing agents or distributors. 

Effective January 1, 2016, our new contractual arrangement with our China importer and distributor for ZADAXIN, Sinopharm, is resulting in the later recognition (relative to practices prevailing through December 31, 2015 under an expired older contractual arrangement) of a portion of the Company s revenue invoiced to Sinopharm related to situations where the provincial tender price is greater relative to a reference (baseline) tender price. This is due to a price adjustment mechanism in the new contractual arrangement whereby the customer is invoiced at a lower base price relative to that prevailing in the previous agreement. The lower base price (as well as estimated price compensation payable due to the distributor for situations where the provincial tender price is lower than the reference (baseline) tender price) is recorded as revenue at the time the sale is completed (arrived at destination). There currently are no situations involving provinces with tender prices below the refe  rence (baseline) tender price.   The distributor is then invoiced for the portion of the price that may result from situations where the provincial tender price is greater than the reference (baseline) tender price at a later time, and such amount is recognized as revenue after the amount has been agreed   upon with   the distributor.   We expect that price compensation receivable will be recognized in the quarters following the original sale pursuant to the price adjustment mechanism on a two or three-quarter delayed basis. For example, we recognized price compensation receivable related to sales by Sinopharm in the first quarter of 2016 in our third quarter product sales revenue. 

33   

Table of Contents  

Promotion Services Revenue.   We recognize promotion services revenue after designated medical products are delivered to the distributors as specified in the promotion services contracts, which marks the period when marketing and promotion services have been rendered, and the revenue recognition criteria are met.  

Revenue Reserve.   We maintain a revenue reserve for product returns based on estimates of the amount of product to be returned by our customers which is based on historical patterns, analysis of market demand and/or a percentage of sales based on industry trends, and management s evaluation of specific factors that may increase the risk of product returns. Importing agents or distributors do not have contractual rights of return except under limited terms regarding product quality. However, we are expected to replace products that have expired or are deemed to be damaged or defective when delivered. The calculation of the product returns reserve requires estimates and involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment. As a result of the uncertainties involved in estimating the product returns reserve, there is a possibility that materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. As of   September   30,   2016 and December 31, 2015, our revenue reserves were approximately     $0.1 million; the reserves were recorded as accrued liabilities on our unaudited condensed   consolidated balance   sheets.  

We evaluate our returns reserve quarterly and adjust it when events indicate that a change in estimate is appropriate. Changes in estimates could materially affect our results of operations or financial position. It is possible that we may need to adjust our estimates in future periods. 

For a discussion of the Company s other significant accounting policies, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the disclosures in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, other than (i) the changes in our revenue recognition practices for sales of ZADAXIN to Sinopharm effective from January 1, 2016 as discussed in the foregoing paragraphs under the subcaption  Product Revenue  and (ii) our adoption of accounting policies for our available-for-sale investment in a third party as discussed in Note 1 and Note 10 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements appearing under Part 1, Item 1.   

New Accounting Standards Updates 

Please refer to Note 1 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements appearing under Part I, Item 1 for a discussion of new accounting standards updates that may impact the Company. 

Item 3.      Quantitative   and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

There have been no material changes in our market risk compared to the disclosure in Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 4.      Controls   and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on their evaluation at the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and were operating at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report.  

Changes in Internal Controls  

Our management  , including our CEO and CFO,   evaluated any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended   September   30,   2016, and   concluded that there was no change during such quarter that has  

34   

Table of Contents  

materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Limitations of the Effectiveness of Internal Controls  

A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the internal control system are met. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We are continuously seeking to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations and of our internal controls.     This results in refinements to processes throughout our organization.  

PART II.        OTHER     INFORMATION 

Item 1.  Legal     Proceedings 

As previously disclosed, since 2010 the SEC and the DOJ had each been conducting formal investigations of us regarding a range of matters, including the possibility of violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ), primarily related to certain historical sales and marketing activities with respect to our China operations. In response to these matters, our Board appointed a Special Committee of independent directors (the  Special Committee ) to oversee our response to the government inquiry. Based on an initial review, the Special Committee decided to undertake an independent investigation as to matters reflected in and arising from the SEC and DOJ investigations in order to evaluate whether any violation of the FCPA or other laws occurred.  

As previously disclosed, on February 4, 2016, we entered into a settlement agreement with the SEC that fully resolved the SEC s investigation. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, we paid a total of $12.8 million in February 2016, including disgorgement, pre-judgment interest and a penalty.   The payment was   in line with the charges we previously recorded and disclosed in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2015. As part of the agreement, we neither admitted nor denied engagement in any wrongdoing   and we agreed to give status reports to the SEC for the next three years on our continued remediation and implementation of anti-corruption compliance measures  . The DOJ has also completed its related investigation and has declined to pursue any action. 

As previously disclosed, we have taken, and continue to take certain steps to enhance our existing anti-bribery compliance efforts, including (i) evaluating and expanding our training of employees regarding understanding   of   and compliance with laws including the FCPA and other anti-bribery laws and regulations, (ii) evaluating existing compliance and anti-bribery policies and guidelines and preparing new, more detailed policies and guidelines for implementation after review by our Board of Directors and/or committees of the Board of Directors, (iii) implementing a pre-approval policy for certain expenses including payments for, or reimbursement of, travel and entertainment expenses, and sponsorships of certain third-party events, (iv) establishing an automated system for recording and approving travel and entertainment expenditures, and (v) hiring a Vice President of Compliance and an Internal Audit Director to monitor and enforce compliance with our policies. Also, upon the recommendation of the Special Committee, the Audit Committee of the Board retained a third-party consultant to observe and make recommendations regarding our FCPA compliance. We will continue to emphasize the importance of compliance and ethical business conduct. 

NovaMed Pharmaceuticals (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. ( NovaMed Shanghai ) was a party to a Distribution and Supply Agreement with MEDA originally entered into in 2007. Following our acquisition of NovaMed Shanghai in 2011, MEDA claimed it had a right to terminate the agreement under a change of control provision. NovaMed Shanghai does not believe that MEDA had a right of termination under the agreement. NovaMed Shanghai filed an application for binding arbitration with the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ( CIETAC ) on July 26, 2012. On April 2, 2014, CIETAC issued the final Award of the Arbitral Tribunal. The Arbitral Tribunal found that MEDA did have a right to terminate the agreement upon a change of control, but that MEDA must make reasonable reimbursement to NovaMed Shanghai before any  

35   

Table of Contents  

product rights are returned to MEDA. The amount that must be paid includes $333,333 as  unjust enrichment  plus an amount for reasonable compensation for such services provided by NovaMed Shanghai to MEDA. The amount of such payment for services was not determined by the Arbitral Tribunal, but was left to be determined by NovaMed Shanghai. On April 30, 2014, NovaMed Shanghai informed MEDA that its determination of reasonable compensation for its services was $3,314,629, including the $333,333 for unjust enrichment. MEDA made a counter offer and the parties were attempting to resolve the matter without an additional arbitration proceeding. In December 2014, NovaMed Shanghai filed a  Request for Second Arbitration  with CIETAC in order to enforce its right to compensation. The arbitration case is pending with CIETAC  .     On April 20, 2016, the Second Arbitral Tribunal ordered the bifurcation of the proceedings. The first stage of the proceedings will deal with the question whether NovaMed Shanghai in principle has claims against MEDA  . A first oral hearing took   place on   July 6 and 7, 2016. The parties   were originally   invited to comment on the issues raised at the first hearing until October 14, 2016.   Due to ongoing settlement negotiations between the parties, this deadline has been extended to December 23, 2016.   If one party feels the need to then respond to the other party's submission, the Second Arbitral Tribunal will at its discretion grant such opportunity to file an additio  nal submission until February 6, 2017  .    The parties are further expected to file cost submissions by February 13, 2017.   In parallel, the parties are in settlement discussions. The date for the next hearing has not yet been scheduled.   The amount of any final payment to NovaMed Shanghai remains uncertain, and as such the Company has not recognized it as a gain contingency. 

Item 1A.  Risk     Factors  

Consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our common stock.   We have marked with an asterisk (*) those risk factors below that reflect changes from the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2016  .   

Our stock price may be volatile, and an investment in our stock could suffer a decline in value. * 

Although we reported net   income of   $  24.  3   million   and $16.9   million for the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015, respectively, and have reported full year annual net income since fiscal 2009, we have experien  ced occasional quarterly losses   and as a result of accumulated annual operating losses prior to fiscal 2009, we have an accumulated deficit of approximately $  94   million as of   September   30,   2016. If our operating expenses were to increase or if we were not able to increase or sustain revenue, we may not maintain profitability over the next 12 months. 

The market price of our common stock has experienced, and may continue to experience, substantial volatility due to many factors, some of which we have no control over, including:  

government regulatory action affecting our Company or our drug products or our competitors' drug products in China, the US and other foreign countries, including the effect of government initiatives in China, particularly the Chinese government s increasing regulation of the pharmaceutical industry through anti-corruption activities;      

government regulatory action intended to reduce pharmaceutical prices such as the reduction in the governmentally permitted maximum listed price for our products and increased oversight of the health care market and pharmaceutical industry;      

compliance by our employees with regulations that are applicable to sales and marketing activities, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;     

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, some of which may result from undertaking new clinical development projects, or from licensing or acquisition-related expenses including up-front fees, milestone payments, and other items;      

market perceptions of our strategic review process;     

progress and results of clinical trials and the regulatory approval process in Europe and in China;      

timing and achievement of our corporate objectives;     

36   

Table of Contents  

charges related to expired inventory or bad debt;     

terminations of, or changes in our agreements or relationships with collaborative partners;     

announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors;      

announcement and completion of corporate acquisition, merger, licensing or marketing arrangements, or sales of assets;      

developments or disputes concerning patent or proprietary rights;      

changes in the composition of our management team or Board of Directors;      

changes in company assessments or financial estimates by securities analysts;      

changes in assessments of our internal control over financial reporting;      

general stock market conditions and fluctuations for the emerging growth and pharmaceutical market sectors;      

unanticipated increases in our G A expense due to legal and accounting expenses, including expenses relating to our   strategic review, our   dispute with MEDA, and arising out of matters relating to any additional or uncorrected control deficiency or related matters;     

economic and political conditions in the US or abroad, particularly in China;      

currency fluctuations between the RMB and US Dollar ( USD ) including recent RMB devaluation   that has led to, and may continue to lead to, downward adjustments in our importer price if further devaluation continues;      

broad financial market fluctuations in the US, Europe or Asia; and     

more aggressive action by the government in China in changing taxation policy.     

Any acquisitions we may undertake involve a number of risks, and we may not realize all the anticipated benefits of an acquisition. We may acquire other companies or products that present risks similar to those stated above.  

We may enter into other company or product acquisition transactions in the future which could present integration or other risks similar to those stated above and may also cause us to:  

issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders  percentage ownership;     

assume liabilities, some of which may be unknown at the time of such acquisitions;     

record goodwill and intangible assets that would be subject to impairment testing and potential periodic impairment charges;     

incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets; and     

incur large and immediate write-offs of in-process research and development costs; or become subject to litigation.     

Our revenue will continue to be substantially dependent on our sales of ZADAXIN in China. * 

Our product revenue is highly dependent on the sales of ZADAXIN in China. We anticipate that sales of ZADAXIN will continue to be a majority of our revenue for at least the next two years. For the   nine   months ended   September   30,   2016 and 2015,   approximately   93  %    and   95  % of   our ZADAXIN sales, respectively, were to customers in China. Sales of ZADAXIN in China may be limited due to the low average personal income, lack of patient cost reimbursement, poorly developed infrastructure and competition from other products, including generics. ZADAXIN sales growth in recent years has benefited from the rapidly growing Chinese economy and growing personal disposable income. Sales of ZADAXIN in China could be adversely affected by a slowing or downturn of the Chinese economy and from the recent and future decisions of provincial agencies  pricing reform. 

37   

Table of Contents  

In China, ZADAXIN is approved for the treatment of hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) and as an immune system enhancer. We face competition from pharmaceutical companies who are aggressively marketing competing products for the treatment of HBV and for other indications where we believe ZADAXIN may be used on an off-label basis. In addition, several local companies are selling lower-priced, locally manufactured generic thymalfasin, which is a competitive product and is selling in substantial and increasing quantities. While generic products outsell ZADAXIN in unit volumes, we have been able to maintain a pricing advantage through the reputation of our imported, branded product. We believe such competition will continue with added new local manufacturers of generic thymalfasin and there could be a negative impact on the price and the volume of ZADAXIN sold in China, which would harm our business. Our efforts to in-license or acquire other pharmaceutical products for marketing in China and other markets may be unsuccessful or even if successful may not have a meaningful effect on our dependence on ZADAXIN sales in those markets.  

Sales of ZADAXIN may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to financing limitations on importers, changes in inventory levels at our customers, and surges in sales and inventories due to epidemics. Importers and distributors of ZADAXIN borrow funds in China from banks to purchase, hold and distribute ZADAXIN. Substantial increases in restrictions on fund availability and/or increases in borrowing costs could limit the ability of our importers and distributors to finance their import and distribution process. Further, our customers tend to purchase large orders, and inventory levels may fluctuate significantly as a result, or as a result of changes in the distribution channel, potentially affecting quarterly periodic results.  

During the third quarter of 2012, we estimated that there was a substantial increase in ZADAXIN channel inventory levels and we believe that our sales to our customers exceeded the pace at which our customers were able to sell the ZADAXIN through to other parties, primarily hospital pharmacies. As a result, ZADAXIN revenues were lower in the first half of 2013, as compared to the same period of 2014. We believe channel inventory has returned to normal levels, and we continue to believe that we will grow demand for ZADAXIN through increased penetration in the market; however, we may not be successful or we may experience future fluctuations in channel inventory either of which could adversely affect our future ZADAXIN revenue. 

We could experience fluctuations in channel inventory due to actual or expected epidemics. For example, during the second quarter of 2009, we experienced a strong upsurge in ZADAXIN sales, which we believe was attributable both to the increasing penetration of ZADAXIN within the Chinese market, as well as concerns in China from the H1N1 influenza virus. If distributors and hospitals that purchase ZADAXIN stockpile more ZADAXIN than needed for current use, our subsequent sales of ZADAXIN may suffer as distributors and hospitals use ZADAXIN already in their inventory before purchasing additional product from us. This could lead to uneven future revenue results for ZADAXIN and in turn materially impact our cash flows and business condition.  

The Chinese government has previously imposed price restrictions on ZADAXIN and several of our oncology products. If we experience difficulties in our sales efforts as a result   of price restrictions or other policies intended to reduce health care costs  , our operating results and financial condition will be harmed. * 

The Chinese government is increasing its efforts to reduce overall health care costs, including pricing controls on pharmaceutical products. Individual provinces in China and, in some cases, individual hospitals can and have established pricing requirements for a product to be included on formulary lists. In some cases, these price limits have been significantly lower than prices at which our distributors have been selling ZADAXIN, in which case we have been removed from formulary lists, which consequently has reduced sales to certain hospitals and could adversely affect our future sales.  

Recent governmental policy changes in China have eliminated national regulation of the maximum retail drug prices for most drugs, effective June 1, 2015. Decisions by provincial authorities are emerging as the primary governmental mechanism for price controls. As an example, the Zhejiang provincial authority announced a price limitation for sales of ZADAXIN in the province in April 2015 that became effective in May 2015; we were able to mitigate the impact of this price limitation by sharing the burden of the price reduction with our distributor. We anticipate that provincial pricing decisions will continue to be a significant factor in the China pharmaceutical market for the foreseeable future. The impact of such decisions on our  

38   

Table of Contents  

future results is unpredictable, but we expect that pricing pressures in 2016 will be offset at least in significant part through sharing of any potential further burden with our China distributor and potentially through volume increases. However, in the future, prices could be reduced to levels significantly below those that would prevail in an unregulated market, which may limit the growth of our revenues or cause them to decline.  

The pricing regulations in China, whether operating at a national, provincial or institutional level, as well as regulation of the importation of pharmaceutical products, have reduced retail prices of, and our own revenue from, ZADAXIN and our other products, and we expect that pricing pressure will continue. While the regulatory mechanisms are changing and the ultimate outcome is uncertain, and while we have been able to mitigate the impact of prior price reductions on our overall business, prices could be reduced to levels significantly below those that would prevail in an unregulated market, limit the volume of product which may be imported and sold or place high import duties on the product, any of which may limit the growth of our revenues or cause them to decline. 

While over the long term, we believe that the price reductions may positively affect our sales volumes and result in broader penetration into Tier 3 and Tier 2 cities in target geographies, potentially increasing our total sales revenues from these products, the process and timing for any price restrictions is unpredictable and further price reduction could be imposed that could adversely affect our business. In addition,   our   new contractual arrangement with our China distributor, Sinopharm, which commenced January 1, 2016, is resulting in the later recognition (relative to practices prevailing through December 31, 2015 under the expired older contractual arrangement) of a portion of our revenue invoiced to Sinopharm in situations where the provincial tender price is greater relative to a reference (baseline) tender price. This is due to a price adjustment mechanism in the new contractual arrangement whereby the customer is invoiced at a lower base price relative to that prevailing in the previous agreement. The lower base price (as well as estimated price compensation payable due to the distributor for situations where the provincial tender price is lower than the reference (baseline) tender price) is recorded as revenue at the time the sale is completed (arrived at destination). Currently, there are no situations involving provinces with tender prices lower than the reference (baseline) tender price. The distributor is then invoiced for the portion of the price that may result from situations where the provincial tender price is greater than the reference (baseline) tender price at a later time, and such amount is recognized as revenue after the amo  unt has been agreed upon with   the distributor. Although we do not expect this new arrangement to have a significant impact on annual revenue or the amount recognized on an annual basis, it has and may continue to impact our current and future quarterly revenue amounts and timing.  

Other emerging measures intended to reduce health care costs may also adversely affect our sales. Chinese provincial or local go  vernment agencies   may limit or prohibit the use of pharmaceuticals they consider to be and designate as adjuvants as part of a policy to reduce spending on pharmaceuticals. None of our products has receiv  ed such a designation to date   from Chinese provincial or local government agencies  .    A few hospitals have designated our product as an adjuvant, but our revenues have not been   materially   affected.   However, if any of our products are designated as an adjuvant by governments or local agencies in provinces where we have significant sales, or in hospitals where we have significant sales, sales of that product in such locations or hospitals would be significantly adversely affected. 

Our business strategy is dependent in part on our agreements with third parties for the rights to develop and commercialize products, or promote products, particularly in China. We have experienced challenges in maintaining some of our agreements and if we fail to enter into additional agreements, our business will suffer. * 

Our sales and marketing strategy in China depends significantly on agreements with third parties, and potentially on entering into additional agreements with third parties, or renegotiating agreements with third parties. Except for ZADAXIN, our rights to develop, market and sell our products in China, including licensed products and products currently promoted or sold, are held by us under license, promotion, distribution or marketing agreements with third parties. These agreements for products include DC Bead, a product which we launched commercially in the third quarter of 2015, and products in the regulatory review process, including products in clinical trials that are held under license, distribution or marketing agreements. In addition, our success in the future may be dependent on entering into similar agreements with other parties and the renewal of any such agreements. The third parties to these agreements are generally not under an obligation to renew the agreements. If  

39   

Table of Contents  

any of these agreements are terminated, or if they are not renewed, our ability to distribute, or develop, the products or product candidates could be terminated and our business could be affected.  

All of our products were originally obtained by us under licenses, promotion, distribution or similar third-party agreements. We do not conduct product discovery and our ability to bring new products to market is dependent upon our entering into additional acquisition, in-licensing, promotion or distribution agreements, particularly in China. The competition for attractive products is intense, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to negotiate in-license, promotion or distribution agreements for additional products in the future.  

While in June 2013 we renewed our promotion agreement with Baxter for a 5-year term through December 2017 and in July 2014 we renewed our product distribution agreement with Pfizer for a 5-year term through June 2019, our promotion agreements with Sanofi   Aventis S.A. ( Sanofi )   were not renewed and expired on December 31, 2013. In addition, in August 2015, we and Cardiome mutually agreed to end our collaboration for Aggrastat, and return all rights to the product to Cardiome. We continue to assess the financial performance of the products we promote under our agreements and their overall value within our entire portfolio of products. Over time, we anticipate the product mix that we promote will change which may affect our revenues and profitability in the future.     Terminations or failures to renew these or any other agreement as to some or all of the products covered by the agreement could result in a decline in revenue and in other costs including restructuring charges if a resulting revenue decline required us to reduce costs.     On the other hand, if we are successful in negotiating better terms there may be a positive impact on our revenues and profitability. 

If our products do not meet standards established by the Chinese Pharmacopoeia, we could lose our license to import products to China for commercial sale, which could negatively affect our revenues and operating results  . 

Our products are subject to standards established by the Chinese Pharmacopoeia, or ChP. The ChP is an official compendium of drugs in China and sets the standards of purity, description, test, dosage, precaution, storage and the strength for each drug in China. The ChP is revised from time to time, with the most recent revisions set forth in a 2015 edition. If our products fail to meet ChP specifications during routine customs testing as such specifications may be   revised from time to time, our Import Drug L  icenses (IDLs), which allow the importation for commercial sale, may be revoked, which would result in a significant loss of revenue and materially adversely affect our business. 

Our revenue will continue to be substantially dependent on our maintaining regulatory licenses and compliance with other   country-specific   regulations.   * 

We have received regulatory approvals to import and market ZADAXIN in China and to manufacture ZADAXIN and export the product   from Italy. In order to continue our sales to China, we need to   maintain these approvals. Our IDL   to import ZADAXIN into China needs to   be renewed every five years and the next renewal is required before December 2017 in order for us to continue our ability to import and sell ZADAXIN into China.   Although IDL renewals in the past were obtained successfully, there is no assurance that SciClone will receive renewals in the future when applied for or that the renewals will not be conditioned or limited in ways that limit our ability to import and sell ZADAXIN into China. 

Our licenses to manufacture and export ZADAXIN from Italy are dependent upon our continuing compliance with regulations in Italy. Our business would be adversely affected if we are not able to maintain these approvals. In order to sell ZADAXIN to the licensed importers in China, our manufacturers must 1) be approved by the Italian Ministry of Health ( AIFA ) and 2  ) be accepted by the CFDA. Some manufacturing changes may require: 1) approval by AIFA in Italy and/or 2) acceptance by the CFDA. ZADAXIN registration in Italy has   been essential to the renewal of our IDL from the CFDA permitting the importation of ZADAXIN into China.  

Our ability to obtain a renewal of our IDL from the CFDA could be adversely affected due to changes in policies   and practices at CFDA in the review process, including with respect to potential requirements for additional technical information regarding ZADAXIN to CFDA.  

40   

Table of Contents  

The CFDA, AIFA and other regulatory agencies may, and have, changed their internal administrative rules in ways that may delay or complicate the regulatory approval process. Those changes are not always disclosed or known to us and we may experience unexpected delays or additional costs as a result of such changes.   We have initiated planning and work related to the China IDL renewal and expect to be able to obtain a r  enewal, as we have in the past.   However, if we are unable to renew our IDL, we would not be ab  le to continue to import ZADAXIN   into China and we would not be able to continue sales in China once our inventory in China had been sold. 

Our resolution with government agencies in connection with violations by us of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. * 

As previously disclosed, since 2010 the SEC and the DOJ had each been conducting formal investigations of us regarding a range of matters, including possible violations of the FCPA, primarily related to certain historical sales and marketing activities with respect to our China operations. In response to these matters, our Board appointed the Special Committee to oversee our response to the government inquiry. Based on an initial review, the Special Committee decided to undertake an independent investigation as to matters reflected in and arising from the SEC and DOJ investigations in order to evaluate whether any violation of the FCPA or other laws occurred.  

On February 4, 2016, we announced that we entered into a settlement agreement with the SEC fully resolving the SEC's investigation into possible violations of the FCPA and that the DOJ had also completed its related investigation and has declined to pursue any action. Under the terms of the settlement agreement with the SEC, SciClone paid a total of $12.8 million, including disgorgement, pre-judgment interest and a penalty  . The payment was   in line with the charges the Company previously recorded and disclosed in its Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 10, 2015. As part of the agreement, we neither admitted nor denied engagement in any wrongdoing a  nd we agreed to give status reports to the SEC for the next three years on our continued remediation and implementation of anti-corruption compliance measures  .   

While we have resolved the previously pending matters with the SEC and DOJ whether by virtue of announcement of the settlement agreement and the SEC Order or otherwise, we may be subject to investigations by foreign governments or further claims by third parties arising from conduct subject to the investigation or our other international operations.   In addition, the remedial actions we have taken or may take as a result of such investigations may adversely affect our business in China and other countries, including adversely affecting our ability to obtain license renewals or other administrative approvals we require to conduct business in China and other countries.  

Despite the resolution of the SEC and DOJ matters, we may be subject to additional investigations or regulatory actions in the future. 

Despite the settlement of our SEC and DOJ matters, we may be subject to additional investigations in the future.   We are unable to predict what ultimate consequences any investigation by any regulatory or law enforcement agency may have on us. Regulatory investigations that might be initiated in the future could result in substantial expenses, management diversion of attention, and harm to our business. If we fail to comply with regulations or to carry out controls on our Chinese or other foreign operations in a manner that satisfies all applicable laws, our business would be harmed. Any civil or criminal action commenced against us by a regulatory or law enforcement agency, including in China, could result in administrative orders against us, the imposition of significant penalties and/or fines against us, and/or the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions against certain of our officers, directors and/or employees. 

If we fail to achieve or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our stock. * 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to protect from fraudulent, illegal or unauthorized transactions. If we cannot establish effective controls and provide reliable financial reports, our business and operating results could be harmed. Moreover, as a US-based corporation doing business in China, these controls often need to  

41   

Table of Contents  

satisfy the requirements of Chinese law as well as the requirements of US law which frequently differ in certain aspects. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, areas of our internal controls that need improvement. For example, during the third quarter of 2012, our management determined that we had a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to the design and operation of our controls primarily associated with product returns reserves and the override of certain controls in the financial statement close process related to our NovaMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( NovaMed ) subsidiary. Furthermore, during the fourth quarter of 2012, our management determined that we had an additional indicator of the same material weakness related to the timing of revenue recognition for our Pfizer products and the override of related controls at our NovaMed subsidiary, and the corporate monitoring thereof.   During fiscal 2014, we designed and implemented procedures to   address the material weakness disclosed in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 related to the   design and operating effectiveness of certain corporate monitoring controls.   Management designed and implemented   corporate monitoring controls and other controls that provided increased oversight over our China operations, and remediated the material weakness prior to December 31, 2014.   We   continuously work on improvements to our internal controls and there can be no assurance that these or other material weaknesses will not occur in the future, or otherwise cause us to inaccurately report our financial statements. For example, the restatement of our financial statements for each of our first, second, and third quarters of 2012, and our financial statements for each of the second and third quarters of 2011 and the year ended December 31, 2011, were in part caused by the material weakness related to the design and operation of our controls disclosed as of December 31, 2012 discussed above. Any failure to implement and maintain controls over our financial reporting or difficulties encountered in the implementation of improvements in our controls, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Any failure to improve our internal controls or to address identified weaknesses in the future, if they were to occur, could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative impact on the trading price of our stock.  

Compliance with changing regulations concerning corporate governance and public disclosure has resulted in and may continue to result in additional expenses. Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, new SEC regulations and The NASDAQ Stock Market rules, are creating uncertainty for companies such as ours and costs are increasing as a result of this uncertainty and other factors. We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. As a result, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards, and this investment has and may continue to result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.  

There can be no assurance that   our review of strategic opportunities   will result in pursuing or completing a particular transaction.   * 

In early February 2016, we announced that our   Board of Directors had initiated a process to identify, examine and consider a range of strategic alternatives available to us with a view to enhancing stockholder value and had engaged Lazard as its financial advisor to assist the Board in evaluating   strategic alternatives.     In July 2016, we   announced that our Board is no longer continuing active discussions with potential acquirers which were undertaken as part of its strategic review process and that the   Board will continue to evaluate additional strategic opportunities while continuing to focus on growing the Company's business.   This announcement had   adverse effects on   our   stock price,   and may have adverse effects on our   customer relationships and retention   of key employees.     In addition,     there can be no assurance that the evaluation of potential strategic     opportunities will result in either pursuing any different strategic operational approach or completing any particular transaction. We also may not accurately assess the risks and uncertainties associated with engaging or not engaging in a strategic opportunity, and the anticipated benefits from pursuing any such opportunity may not materialize. In addition, undertaking a strategic process could divert management s time and focus from operating our business, potentially having adverse effects on our existing business relationships and our key employees. 

We may not be able to effectively manage our employees and distribution network, and our reputation, business, prospects and brand may be materially and adversely affected by actions taken by our distributors and third-party marketing firms.  

42   

Table of Contents  

Our company policies prohibit our employees from making improper payments to hospitals or otherwise engaging in improper activities to influence the procurement decisions of hospitals, and we take remedial actions, including termination, when employees do not adhere to our policies. However, we may not be able to effectively ensure that every employee complies at all times with our policies. The compensation of our sales and marketing personnel is partially linked to their sales performance. Although we have made numerous changes to ensure compliance with our policies and to attempt to avoid any violation of law, we cannot assure you that employees will not violate the anticorruption laws of China, the US and other countries. Such violations, or allegations of such violations, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects and brand. 

Furthermore, we have identified from time to time certain instances of improperly submitted expense reporting by our employees. Our employees may seek to create additional opportunities to engage in misappropriation or other employee malfeasance. If our controls and procedures to prevent such activities fail or are circumvented, our business would be negatively affected by, among other things, the related financial losses, diminished reputation and threat of litigation and regulatory inquiry and investigation. 

We do not control, and therefore have limited ability to manage, the activities of third-parties who assist us in marketing and distributing our products. Our distributors or other third parties with whom we do business could take actions which violate the anti-corruption laws of China, the US or other countries. Failure to adequately manage our employees, and third parties and, or their non-compliance with employment, distribution or marketing agreements, could harm our corporate image among hospitals and end users of our products and disrupt our sales, resulting in a failure to meet our sales goals. Furthermore, we could be liable for actions taken by our employees, distributors or third-party marketing or third-party firms, including any violations of applicable law in connection with the marketing or sale of our products, including China s anticorruption laws and the FCPA of the US. In particular, if our employees, distributors or third-party marketing firms make any payments that are forbidden under China s anticorruption laws or the FCPA, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties imposed by the Chinese or US government. 

Recently, the Chinese government has increased its anti-corruption measures. In the pharmaceutical industry, corrupt practices include, among others, acceptance of kickbacks, bribes or other illegal gains or benefits by the hospitals and medical practitioners from pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors in connection with the prescription of certain pharmaceuticals. Our employees, affiliates, distributors or third-party marketing firms may violate these laws or otherwise engage in illegal practices with respect to their sales or marketing of our products or other activities involving our products. If our employees, affiliates, distributors or third-party marketing firms violate these laws, or are alleged to have violated these laws, we could be required to pay damages or fines, be subject to administrative actions or suffer additional consequences which could materially and adversely affect our ability to conduct business in China and our financial condition. In addition, Chinese laws regarding what types of payments to promote or sell our products are impermissible are not always clear, and local regulatory authorities enforcing these laws are not always consistent. As a result, we, our employees, affiliates, our distributors or third-party marketing firms could make certain payments in connection with the promotion or sale of our products or other activities involving our products which at the time are considered by us or them to be legal but are later deemed impermissible by the Chinese government, or we may be asked to make payments by local government authorities that may not be permissible under China s anticorruption laws or the FCPA. Furthermore, our brand and reputation, our sales activities or the price of our common stock could be adversely affected if we become the target of any negative publicity as a result of actions taken by our employees, affiliates, distributors or third-party marketing firms. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm serving as our external auditor is an audit firm which is not inspected by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ), and, although they may be subject to other inspections, you do not have the benefits of PCAOB inspections.  

Our incumbent independent auditors  system of quality control and their individual audits are subject to review, inspection, or other outside assurance from time to time by member firms in the network of firms to which they belong, by peer accounting firms, or by regulatory or industry bodies in China (such as China s securities regulator or the Chinese body  

43   

Table of Contents  

representing certified public accountants). However, these various bodies or parties are distinct from the PCAOB, and their efforts may not be concentrated on audits of SEC registrants. Their reviews or inspections may be substantially different, or not comparable to, an inspection by the PCAOB. Auditors of companies that are registered with the SEC and traded publicly in the US, including our independent registered public accounting firm, must be registered with the PCAOB, and are required by the laws of the US to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess their compliance with the laws of the US and professional standards. Because our auditors are located in the People s Republic of China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities, our auditors are not currently inspected by the PCAOB. This lack of PCAOB inspections in China prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating audits and quality control procedures of any auditors operating in China, including our auditors. As a result, investors in our equity securities may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditors  audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to other public company auditors outside of China that are subject to PCAOB inspections. As a result, investors in our stock may lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements. 

Proceedings instituted by the SEC against certain PRC-based accounting firms, including our independent registered public accounting firm, could result in financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  

In December 2012, the SEC brought administrative proceedings against five accounting firms, including our independent registered public accounting firm, in China, alleging that they had refused to produce audit work papers and other documents related to certain other China-based related companies under investigation by the SEC. On January 22, 2014, an initial administrative law decision was issued, censuring these accounting firms and suspending four of these firms from practicing before the SEC for a period of   six   months. The decision is neither final nor legally effective unless and until reviewed and approved by the SEC. On February 12, 2014, four of these PRC-based accounting firms, including our registered public accounting firm, appealed to the SEC against this sanction decision. In February 2015, the four PRC-based accounting firms agreed to a censure and to pay $500,000 each to the SEC to settle the dispute and avoid suspension of their ability to practice before th  e SEC and audit US-  listed companies. The settlement requires the firms to follow detailed procedures to seek to provide the SEC with access to Chinese firms  audit documents via the China Securities Regulatory Commission. If the firms don t follow the procedures, the SEC could impose penalties such as suspensions, or it could restart the current enforcement case administrative proceedings. 

In the event that the SEC restarts the enforcement administrative proceedings, depending upon the final outcome, listed companies in the US with major PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible to retain auditors in respect of their operations in the PRC, which could result in financial statements being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Moreover, any negative news about the proceedings against these audit firms may cause investor uncertainty regarding China-based, US-listed companies and the market price of our stock may be adversely affected. 

If our independent registered public accounting firm were denied the ability to practice before the SEC and we were unable to timely find another registered public accounting firm to audit and issue an opinion on our financial statements, our financial statements could be determined not to be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934. Such a determination could ultimately lead to the delisting of our shares from the N  ASDAQ   Global Select Market or deregistration by the SEC, or both, which would substantially reduce or effectively terminate the trading of our stock in the US. 

Our compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act may put us at a competitive disadvantage, while our failure to comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act may result in substantial penalties. 

As a US reporting company, we are required to comply with the FCPA. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in practices in violation of the FCPA, we could suffer severe penalties. Non-US companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to the provisions of the FCPA. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time to time in mainland China. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive  

44   

Table of Contents  

preferential treatment from personnel of some companies, giving our competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who might give them priority in their business dealings, which would put us at a disadvantage. 

Retaliation from terminated employees may damage our reputation or lead to claims that could subject us to further regulatory action. 

From time to time we have terminated the employment of certain employees for performance-related reasons, including, in particular, our policies intended to prevent corruption. Employees who are terminated may seek more favorable terms of separation by threatening to damage our reputation in the marketplace. Further, they may seek to retaliate against us by making so-called  whistleblower  claims under the provisions enacted by the Dodd-Frank Act that may entitle persons who report alleged wrong-doing to the SEC to cash rewards. We anticipate that these provisions will result in a significant increase in whistleblower claims across our industry, and dealing with such claims could generate significant expenses and take up significant management time, even for frivolous and non-meritorious claims. Any investigations of whistleblower claims may impose additional expense on us, may require the attention of senior management and members of the Board of Directors and may result in fines, adverse administrative sanctions or rulings and/or reputational damage whether or not we are deemed to have violated any regulations. Furthermore, terminated employees may also seek to retaliate against us by making claims against us to other regulatory agencies, including local regulatory authorities. Inquiries by local regulatory agencies about such claims, even if frivolous and non-meritorious, could also generate significant expenses and take up significant management and Board of Directors  time. 

We may incur unexpected charges relating to our operations. * 

Although we have generally experienced minimal product returns and our customers have historically paid all invoiced amounts, we could incur future charges relating to inventory that expires or as a result of customer failures to pay invoiced amounts timely or in full. For example, we recorded $0.5 million of bad debt expense in general and administrative expense for the first quarter of 2015 related to one customer whose accounts receivable were uncertain of collection, and subsequently wrote off the bad debt in the fourth quarter of 2015. In addition, we recorded $2.4 million to bad debt expense for the year ended December 31, 2013 related to one customer whose accounts receivable were significantly past due and for which collectability was uncertain at that time. We subsequently collected $1.5 million of these receivables in fiscal 2014, a further $0.4 million in the second quarter of 2015, and the final $0.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. We recorded charges of $2.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2014 for potential inventory obsolescence related to Aggrastat. We have had and could also experience additional charges for potential inventory obsolescence related to other products if we are unable to sell units that are nearing their expiration dates, or for bad debt if other distributors do not pay outstanding receivables in full. Those or similar future events would have an adverse impact upon our operating results.   

We are at risk of additional securities class action and derivative lawsuits. 

Securities class action and derivative lawsuits are often filed against public companies following a decline in the market price of their securities. After our announcement regarding SEC and DOJ investigations in 2010, we and certain of our officers and directors were named as parties in purported stockholder class actions and derivative lawsuits. Those class action lawsuits were dismissed and we have settled those derivative lawsuits. Our stock price declined following the announcement of a restatement of our financial statements for fiscal 2011 and the first three quarters of fiscal 2012, and that our predecessor independent auditing firm had elected not to stand for reappointment for the 2013 fiscal year. Soon after that announcement, we and certain of our officers and directors were named as parties in a purported derivative lawsuit relating to the restatement, which was subsequently dismissed in its entirety. We may experience stock price volatility in the future related to other matters. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology companies have experienced greater than average stock price volatility in recent years. We may be named in additional litigation, which could require significant management time and attention and result in significant legal expenses and may result in an unfavorable outcome, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such litigation could result in additional substantial costs and a diversion of management's and the Board of Directors  attention and resources, which could harm our business.  

45   

Table of Contents  

We may not be able to successfully develop or commercialize our products.  

We have numerous products under development in China, some of which were acquired in the NovaMed acquisition and others which were in-licensed by us. In recent years, we have in-licensed several additional product candidates for each of which our future development expenses and milestone payments could be material.  

Clinical trials are inherently risky and may reveal that our product candidates are ineffective or have unanticipated side effects and/or drug interactions that may significantly decrease the likelihood of regulatory approval. For example, in March 2012, we announced the discontinuation of our phase 2b clinical trial evaluating SCV-07 for the delayed onset of oral mucositis. This decision was based on the results of a pre-planned interim analysis that indicated that the trial would not meet the pre-specified efficacy endpoints, and we have no plans to proceed with further development of SCV-07 at this time. 

The regulatory approval processes in the US, Europe and China are demanding, lengthy and expensive. We have committed significant resources, including capital and time, to develop and seek approval for products under development, and if we do not obtain approvals we are seeking, we may be unable to achieve any revenue from these products. All new drugs, including our product candidates, are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the FDA, CFDA and similar regulatory agencies. These regulations govern, among other things, the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, pre-market approval, importation, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of our products. These regulations may change from time to time and new regulations may be adopted. 

Satisfaction of government regulations may take several years and the time needed to satisfy them varies substantially based on the type, complexity and novelty of the pharmaceutical product. As a result, government regulation may cause us to delay the introduction of, or prevent us from marketing, our existing or potential products for a considerable period of time and impose costly procedures on our activities. We have experienced delays in the regulatory process, and there exists risk that we may not receive approval of in-licensed products currently in the regulatory process. In addition, the   Chinese government is increasing its efforts to reduce overall health care costs, including pricing controls on pharmaceutical products. We cannot determine what the potential government pricing constraints are likely to be for products in development in advance. Therefore, we may be required to abandon the development or commercialization of a product after significant effort and expense if we determine at any time that trends in government pricing constraints will make the commercialization of a product unprofitable. 

To fully develop these products and other products we may acquire, substantial resources are required for extensive research, development, pre-clinical testing, clinical trials, and manufacturing scale-up and regulatory approval prior to the potential products being ready for sale. We cannot assure that our efforts will produce commercially viable products. We face significant technological risks inherent in developing these products. We may also abandon some or all of our proposed products before they become commercially viable. We are obligated to make a milestone payment upon regulatory approval of certain products under development. If any of our products, even if developed and approved, cannot be successfully commercialized in a timely manner, our business will be harmed and the price of our stock may decline. 

Market acceptance of any product that is successfully developed and approved will depend on many factors, including our ability to convince prospective customers to use our products as an alternative to other treatments and therapies. In addition, doctors must opt to use treatments involving our products. If doctors elect to use a different course of treatment, demand for our drug products would be reduced. In addition, for certain products we may need to convince partners to manufacture or market our products. Failure to do any of the above will lead to an unfavorable outcome on the results of our operations. 

Our sales are concentrated in China and we face risks relating to operating in China, including risks due to changes in the regulatory environment, slow payment cycles and exposure to fluctuations in the Chinese economy. * 

A significant portion of our revenue and profit is derived from operations in China. Consequently, our overall financial results are dependent on this market, and our business is exposed to risks there. In addition to the risks relating to pricing previously discussed above, these risks also include changes in economic conditions (including wage and cost inflation,  

46   

Table of Contents  

currency exchange rates, consumer spending and employment levels), tax rates, laws, changes in the regulatory environment, increased competition and potential noncompliance with local laws and regulations. Risks also include changing consumer product preferences and preferred sales channels, as well as our ability to accommodate such changing preferences. Certain risks and uncertainties of doing business in China are solely within the control of the Chinese government, and Chinese law regulates the scope of our foreign investments and business conducted within China. Any significant or prolonged deterioration in China s relations with the United States and other countries could adversely affect our China business. There are also uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of laws and regulations and the enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights in China. There can be no assurance as to the future effect of any such risks and uncertainties on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

In addition to the risk relating to pricing regulations and other risks related to operating in China, as discussed above, we experience other issues with managing sales operations in China including long payment cycles, potential difficulties in timely accounts receivable collection and, especially from significant customers, fluctuations in the timing and amount of orders and the adverse effect of any of these issues on our business could be increased due to the concentration of our business with a small number of distributors. Problems with collections from, or sales to, any one of those distributors could materially adversely affect our results. Operations in foreign countries including China also expose us to risks relating to difficulties in enforcing our proprietary rights, currency fluctuations and adverse or deteriorating economic conditions. If we experience problems with these matters, or if significant regulatory limitations are imposed on our ability to terminate employees and on the related costs, political, economic or regulatory changes occur, our results could be adversely affected. For example, during the third quarter of 2014, we wrote-off $1.1 million of $3.5 million in fully reserved accounts receivable related to one customer in China, and subsequently collected the remaining $2.4 million.  

Our operations throughout the world including China are potentially subject to the laws and regulations of the US including the FCPA, in addition to the laws and regulations of the other countries. Regulation in China of the activities in the pharmaceutical industry has increased and may continue to undergo significant and unanticipated changes. A number of companies have faced significant expenses or fines as a result of the increasing regulation of, and enforcement activity regarding, the pharmaceutical industry.   The Chinese government has recently made arrests of pharmaceutical company employees for allegedly illegal sales and marketing activities.   Recent or future arrests of sales personnel, doctors or others in the pharmaceutical industry, whether or not the individuals violated laws or regulations, could impact the operations and results of pharmaceutical companies in China, including our own.   The Chinese government has also been investigating the costs to manufacture approximately 40 pharmaceutical products sold in China. While SciClone was not involved in either of these actions, these actions may be an indication of heightened Chinese government oversight of the pharmaceutical industry, and of multinational pharmaceutical companies in particular. Such activities could have long-term implications for the pharmaceutical industry in China including increased pricing pressure and a heightened level of government oversight and investigations, either of which could adversely affect the industry as a whole or individual companies, including SciClone. 

Our business is sensitive to the economy in China. A downturn in the Chinese economy could materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. 

Any slowdown in China s economic development might lead to tighter credit markets, increased market volatility, sudden drops in business and consumer confidence and dramatic changes in business and consumer behaviors.     Economic growth rates in China are slowing and there has been significant volatility in the stock indexes within China. The Chinese government is believed to take an active role in influencing stock indexes and in many other areas, but there is no assurance that growth rates will not continue to decline.   Slowing growth in China, stock market volatility and uncertainty in economic conditions, may cause a decline in sales of ZADAXIN or negatively impact   our other products. A decline in   demand for our products in China could materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.  

47   

Table of Contents  

The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new US or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities which could have a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations. * 

Currently all of our revenue is generated from customers located outside the US, and a substantial portion of our assets, including employees, are located outside the US. US income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided on certain undistributed earnings of non-US subsidiaries, because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in the operations of those subsidiaries. The US government may propose initiatives that would substantially reduce our ability to defer US taxes including: repealing deferral of US taxation of foreign earnings, eliminating utilization or substantially reducing our ability to claim foreign tax credits, and eliminating various tax deductions until foreign earnings are repatriated to the US. If any of these proposals are constituted into legislation, they could increase our US income tax liability and as a result have a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations.  

Chinese healthcare regulation and the Chinese market are changing rapidly and we may modify our strategy in response to those changes and we cannot assure you that we will be successful in implementing changes. 

The Chinese healthcare and regulatory environment have changed and are likely to continue to change in response to Chinese government policies and other factors. We intend to evaluate and make modifications to our strategy in response to these changes. We intend to continue our strategies of growing business in China by expanding ZADAXIN sales, entering into new promotional agreements, and seeking of products that have been approved outside China, but we may implement additional strategies, including expanding our capabilities in China to develop earlier stage products in-licensed from third parties in China or elsewhere. If we make significant additions or changes to our strategy, we may not be successful in implementing such changes, or the Chinese market may change in unexpected directions to which we are not able to respond timely.  

We may lose market share or otherwise fail to compete effectively in the intensely competitive pharmaceutical industry.  

Competition in the pharmaceutical industry in China is intense, and we believe that competition will increase. Our success depends on our ability to compete in this industry, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully compete with our competitors. Increased competitive pressure could lead to intensified price-based competition resulting in lower prices and margins, which would hurt our operating results. We cannot assure you that we will compete successfully against our competitors or that our competitors, or potential competitors, will not develop drugs or other treatments for our targeted indications that will be superior to ours.  

We depend on sales to China, and global conditions could negatively affect our operating results or limit our ability to expand our operations in and outside of China.   Changes in China s political, social, regulatory and economic environment may affect our financial performance.  

Our business is concentrated in China. Heightened tensions resulting from the current geopolitical conditions in the Middle East, North Korea and elsewhere could worsen, causing disruptions in foreign trade, which would harm our sales. In particular, our commercial product is manufactured in Europe and distributed by us from our operations in Hong Kong. Any disruption of our supply and distribution activities due to geopolitical conditions could decrease our sales and harm our operating results.   In addition, while we continue our efforts to expand our operations in and outside of China, disruptions in our marketing or distribution efforts could delay or limit our ability to expand. We have had distributors with whom our accounts receivable collectability has become uncertain where, in addition to the charges that may result from the collectability of the accounts receivable, we may experience delays in our efforts to expand our operations and lose business to our competitors from any resulting disruption.  

With respect to China, our financial performance may be affected by changes in China s political, social, regulatory and economic environment. The role of the Chinese central and local governments in the Chinese economy is significant. Chinese policies toward economic liberalization, and laws and policies affecting foreign companies, currency exchange rates and other  

48   

Table of Contents  

matters could change, resulting in greater restrictions on our ability to do business in China. Any imposition of surcharges or any increase in Chinese tax rates could hurt our operating results. The Chinese government could revoke, terminate or suspend our license for national security and similar reasons or in the event our employees, affiliates, distributors or third-party marketing firms violate Chinese anticorruption laws, or are alleged to have violated these laws, without compensation to us. If the government of China were to take any of these actions, we would be prevented from conducting all or part of our business. Any failure on our part to comply with governmental regulations could result in the loss of our ability to market our products in China. 

Because of China's tiered method of importing and distributing finished pharmaceutical products, our quarterly results may vary substantially from one period to the next; we are dependent upon Sinopharm as the exclusive importer of ZADAXIN. * 

Imported products in China, including ZADAXIN and NovaMed s imported products, are distributed through a tiered method to import and distribute finished pharmaceutical products. Promoted products are typically sold from our partner companies within China to the primary distributor with the following distribution being the same for imported as well as promoted products. At each port of entry, and prior to moving the product forward to the distributors, government-licensed importing agents must process and evaluate each imported product shipment to determine whether it satisfies China's quality assurance requirements. In order to efficiently manage this process, the importing agents typically place large, and therefore relatively few, orders within an annual period. Therefore, sales to an importing agent can vary substantially from quarter to quarter depending on the size and timing of the orders, which has in the past and may in the future cause our quarterly results to fluctuate. We rely on Sinopharm to supply our ZADAXIN sales. Our receivables from Sinopharm are material, and if we were unable to collect receivables from Sinopharm or any other importer, our business and cash-flow would be adversely affected.  

Generally, our importers are not obligated to place purchase orders for our product, and if they determined for any reason not to place purchase orders, we would need to seek alternative licensed importers, which could cause fluctuations in our revenue. As a result of our agreement granting certain exclusive importation rights to Sinopharm for ZADAXIN, we are dependent upon Sinopharm s performance of its obligations under that agreement. We have a long-standing and, we believe excellent, relationship with Sinopharm; however, if Sinopharm were unable to adequately perform its obligations under, or breached, the agreement our business would be adversely affected. 

The existence of counterfeit pharmaceutical products in China s pharmaceutical retail market may damage our brand and reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  

Certain medicine products distributed or sold in China s pharmaceutical retail market, including those appearing to be our products, may be counterfeit. Counterfeit products are products sold under the same or very similar brand names and/or have a similar appearance to genuine products. Counterfeit products, including counterfeit pharmaceutical products, are a significant problem in China and we have experienced counterfeiting of our products. Such counterfeit products divert sales from genuine products, often are of lower cost, often are of lower quality (having different ingredients or formulations, for example), and have the potential to damage the reputation for quality and effectiveness of the genuine product. The counterfeit pharmaceutical product regulation control and enforcement system in China is not able to completely eliminate production and sale of counterfeit pharmaceutical products. To increase our ability to prevent counterfeiting, we have taken several actions, including enhancements of our product labeling to implement industry-leading labeling technology and implementation of product tracking applications. However we cannot eliminate counterfeiting and, any sale of counterfeit products resulting in adverse side effects to consumers may subject us to negative publicity and expenses. It could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  

49   

Table of Contents  

We are   subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations, which could adversely affect our financial performance.   * 

The majority of our sales   through June 30, 2016 were   in US dollars, alt  hough a portion of our sales were   denominated in RMB.   Per our previous contractual arrangement with Sinopharm through December 31, 2015, and a renewed contractual arrangement with Sinopharm (our sole importer and distributor for ZADAXIN in China) which took effect January 1, 2016, our sales of ZADAXIN to Sinopharm   were   denominated in US dollars. However, the e  stablished importer price could be   adjusted quarterly based upon exchange   rate fluctuations between the US dollar and RMB.   Effective July 1, 2016, sales to Sinopharm are   and will be   denominated in RMB  , linking our sales directly to the foreign currency (as opposed to a less-correlated basis via lagging adjustments)  .     In recent months the   RMB has experienced devaluation exposing us to   increased   foreign exchange risk   and our revenues were adversely impacted by those fluctuations in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016  .   

Our purchases with contract manufacturers are denominated in US dollars and euros and costs of our marketing efforts in China are paid in local currency. In addition, we have certain cash balances and other assets and liabilities denominated in euros, RMB     and Hong Kong dollars.     A   stronger US dollar vis- -vis the local currency would tend to have an adverse effect on sales and potentially on collection of accounts receivable. China currently maintains the value of the RMB in a narrow currency trading band that may or may not fluctuate based on government policy. For example, in August 2015, the Chinese government devalued the RMB and may further devalue the RMB at any time. This devaluation has resulted in the strengthening of the US dollar and may reflect a weakening of the Chinese economy. Depending on market conditions and the state of the Chinese economy, China has intervened in the foreign exchange market in the past to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate, and it could make future adjustments, including moving to a managed float system, with opportunistic interventions. This reserve diversification may negatively impact the US dollar and US interest rates. A weaker US dollar would increase our in-country China operating expenses. We are subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations as a result of expenses incurred by our foreign operations. In particular, one of our supply arrangements under which we purchase finished products is denominated in euros and costs of our operations in China are paid in local currency. Consequently, changes in exchange rates could unpredictably and adversely affect our operating results and could result in exchange losses. To date, we have not hedged against the risks associated with fluctuations in exchange rates and, therefore, exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse impact on our future operating results and stock price. 

We cannot predict the safety profile of the use of ZADAXIN or other drugs we may develop or market particularly when used in combination with other drugs.  

While ZADAXIN has an excellent safety profile, we cannot predict whether ZADAXIN or any product we market may have unexpected safety issues in a particular patient population or when used in new indications. In addition, we cannot predict how ZADAXIN or other drugs we may develop or market will work with other drugs, including causing possible adverse side effects not directly attributable to the other drugs that could compromise the safety profile of ZADAXIN or other drugs we may develop or market when used in certain combination therapies. We are exploring new indications for ZADAXIN and there is a risk that new safety issues could appear in these new patient populations. 

As we introduce new products, such as DC Bead, to the market in China, there may be adverse safety events related to those products. Adverse safety events may have a negative impact on our business. Discovery of safety issues with our products could create product liability and could cause additional regulatory scrutiny and requirements for additional labeling, withdrawal of products from the market, and the imposition of fines or criminal penalties. Adverse safety events may also damage physician and patient confidence in our products and our reputation. Any of these could result in liabilities, loss of revenue, material write-offs of inventory, material impairments of goodwill and fixed assets, material restructuring charges and other adverse impacts on our results of operations. 

Regulatory authorities are making greater amounts of stand-alone safety information directly available to the public through periodic safety update reports, patient registries and other reporting requirements. The reporting of adverse safety events involving our products or products similar to ours and public rumors about such events may increase claims against us and may also cause our product sales or stock price to decline or experience periods of volatility.  

50   

Table of Contents  

If third-party reimbursement is not available or patients cannot otherwise pay for ZADAXIN or other drugs we may develop, we may not be able to successfully market them.   * 

Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of therapeutic products, such as ZADAXIN or other drugs we may develop. We cannot assure you that third-party insurance coverage and reimbursement will be available for therapeutic products we might develop. Although ZADAXIN receives some limited reimbursement in China, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain existing reimbursements or increase third-party payments for ZADAXIN or obtain third-party payments for other products that we sell or develop in China.   The Chinese government reviews reimbursement decisions periodically and we believe that a review is in process and will be concluded in late 2016 or early 2017. The failure to   maintain third-party reimbursement for our products would harm our business. In many emerging markets where we have marketing rights to ZADAXIN, but where government resources and per capita income may be so low that our products will be prohibitively expensive, we may not be able to market our products on economically favorable terms, if at all.  

Recent efforts by governmental and third-party payers to contain or reduce health care costs and the announcement of legislative proposals and reforms to implement government controls has caused us to reduce the prices at which we market our drugs in China, and additional reforms, if they were to occur, could cause us to further reduce our prices which could reduce our gross margins and may harm our business. 

We rely on third parties who are our sole source suppliers for our clinical trial and commercial products and their inability to deliver products that meet our quality-control standards could delay or harm one or more important areas of our business including our sales, clinical trials or the regulatory approval process. * 

We rely on third parties, who are subject to regulatory oversight, to supply our commercial products. Any deficiencies or shortages in supply of our commercial products would adversely affect our ability to realize our sales plans. For example, the manufacturing of the raw material and the processing to finished product of ZADAXIN is done in few batches in any given three-month period and any manufacturing errors have the potential to require a product recall. We currently have only one approved finished vial manufacturer and two approved active pharmaceutical ingredient ( API ) suppliers. If we experience a problem with the manufacturer or our suppliers, our sales may suffer.   We have   experienced difficulties with obtaining product from manufacturers in the past. During 2012, we experienced limitations on supply of several products we were promoting (each of which we no longer market) and the growth in the sales of those products was affected. During 2011, we experienced manufacturing delays related to repairs for general, non-production-related facilities equipment at one of our API suppliers.   During 2010, we experienced difficulties validating upgrades to equipment with one of our API manufacturers. Although we are taking steps to ensure that such problems do not continue, there is no assurance that we will either be successful in doing so with our current supplier or be able to timely and cost-effectively qualify new suppliers for this component. Manufacturing interruptions or failure or delay of product to meet quality assurance specifications could adversely affect shipments and recognition of sales of our products in any period and impair our relationships with customers and our competitive position and may increase the cost of material produced.   In addition, each of the products that are marketed through our NovaMed Shanghai subsidiary is manufactured by, or obtained from, a single source. 

We also rely on third parties, who are subject to regulatory oversight, to supply drug product. For example, ONXEO (formerly BioAlliance) is the sole supplier of Loramyc  .    Any unanticipated deficiencies in this supplier, or the suppliers of our raw materials, and/or recall of the manufacturing lots could also impede commercialization of our products and impair our competitive position. In addition, any unanticipated deficiencies in suppliers used in our clinical trials could delay the trials or detract from the integrity of the trial data and its potential use in future regulatory filings. In addition, manufacturing interruptions or failure to comply with regulatory requirements by any of these suppliers could significantly delay clinical development of potential products and reduce third-party or clinical researcher interest and support of proposed trials.  

51   

Table of Contents  

If our thymalfasin API or ZADAXIN products are not shipped and stored at precision temperatures, the products could become damaged, which could negatively affect our sales and operating results. 

Thymalfasin API and ZADAXIN are temperature sensitive products. SciClone relies on third-party organizations to provide controlled temperature shipping logistics services from the point of ownership transfer from the API contract manufacturer to the point where thymalfasin API is converted to ZADAXIN drug product, and from the ZADAXIN drug product manufacturing site to our storage locations in Hong Kong and then to China. Although some temperature excursions are allowable and thymalfasin and ZADAXIN are relatively stable when exposed to temperatures higher than recommended, if any third-party logistics or equipment provider fails to perform their required oversight duties with respect to temperature control or a shipment is delayed in transit for a prolonged period of time, the thymalfasin API or ZADAXIN drug product could become unsuitable for subsequent processing or commercial use. Although we have not experienced cold chain interruptions in the past and our distributor in China may maintain several months supply of our product, were our cold chain distribution or warehouse capability to be interrupted, our ability to timely deliver finished product to China could be adversely affected, which in turn could materially adversely affect our sales and operating results. 

We rely on third parties for development of our products and the inability of any of these parties to reliably, timely or cost-effectively provide us with their obligated services could materially harm the timing of bringing our products to market and accordingly adversely affect our business.    

We rely on third parties, such as contract research organizations, medical institutions, clinical investigators, contract laboratories, and collaborative partners in the conduct of clinical trials for our product candidates. If these parties, whom we do not control, do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected deadlines or choose not to continue their relationship with us, if the third parties need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our pre-clinical or clinical activities may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize our product candidates.   

Commercialization of some of our products depends on collaborations with others. If our collaborators are not successful, or if we are unable to find future collaborators, we may not be able to properly develop and commercialize our products.  

We depend in part on our distributors and business partners to develop or promote our drugs, and if they are not successful in their efforts or fail to do so, our business will suffer. We generally do not have control over the amount and timing of resources that our business partners devote to our collaborative efforts, and some have not always performed as or when expected. If they do not perform their obligations as we expect, particularly obligations regarding clinical trials, our development expenses would increase and the development or sale of our products could be limited or delayed, which could hurt our business and cause our stock price to decline. In addition, our relationships with these companies may not be successful. Disputes may arise with our collaborators, including disputes over ownership rights to intellectual property, know-how or technologies developed with our collaborators. We may not be able to negotiate similar additional arrangements in the future to develop and commercialize ZADAXIN or other products. 

If we are unable to retain our key personnel, or are unable to attract and retain additional, highly skilled and experienced personnel, including the ability to expand our sales staff, our business will suffer.  

We are highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel because of the specialized, scientific and worldwide nature of our business. We are also dependent on our ability to appropriately staff these personnel in appropriate positions as our business fluctuates. Further, our efforts to in-license or acquire, develop and commercialize product candidates for China may require the addition of clinical and regulatory personnel and the expansion of, or changes in our sales and marketing operation. In addition, we assign numerous key responsibilities to a limited number of individuals, and we would experience difficulty in finding immediate replacements for any of them were any one of them to choose to leave employment with us. There is intense competition for qualified management, scientific, clinical, regulatory, and sales and marketing personnel in the pharmaceutical industry.  

52   

Table of Contents  

There is significant turnover in the industry, in China in particular, and we have also experienced turnover in our sales personnel and key employees. We may not be able to attract and retain the qualified personnel we need to grow and develop our business globally.  

We have terminated personnel for violations of our policies and procedures as well as for lack of performance. Our future success will depend in part on our retaining key personnel and on recruiting additional senior sales and other personnel in China. We are continuously recruiting executives and other level personnel to address departures and to expand and strengthen our China operations. 

Conversely, if we need to reduce the size of a particular aspect of our business, including if we have contracts that are not renewed or renegotiated for products we market or promote, we are also dependent on our ability to make such adjustments while retaining suitably skilled personnel. For example, we reduced the size of our sales force as a result of the expiration of our agreement with Sanofi at the end of 2013. In addition, we have taken corrective measures based on the findings of our Special Committee relating to its investigation of matters relating to the FCPA and have taken, and expect to continue to take, corrective measures relating to managements  evaluation of internal control over financial reporting which could have adverse effects on our business, including the loss of personnel, and changes in marketing, sales and educational practices or programs. If we were unable to attract and retain qualified personnel as needed or promptly replace those employees who are critical to our sales, development and other operations, and in particular senior executives, our financial results and operations would be adversely affected. At this time, we do not maintain  key person  life insurance for any of our personnel.  

We may need to obtain additional funding to support our long-term product development, including funding of in-licensed products, and commercialization programs.   * 

We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents and ongoing revenue generating business operations will be sufficient to support our current operating plan for at least the next 12 months.   We may use cash to acquire additional product rights or for future acquisitions.   Our   ability to achieve and sustain operating profitability is dependent on numerous factors including our ability to achieve increas  ing sales of ZADAXIN   in China, and for our other products and the execution and successful completion of clinical trials in China. Further, we may use cash to fund products we in-license. We cannot assure you that such funds from operating activities will be sufficient, or that we will attain profitable operations in future periods. In addition, we intend to develop other products and we may need additional funds in the future to support such development and to support future growth and achieve profitability. If we need to raise additional funds in the future and such funds are not available on reasonable terms, if at all, our commercialization efforts may be impeded, our revenues may be limited and our operating results may suffer.    

We are subject to the risk of increased income taxes which c  ould reduce our future   income.    *    

We have structured our operations in a manner designed to maximize income in countries where:  

tax incentives have been extended to encourage foreign investment; or      

income tax rates are low.     

Our taxes could increase if certain tax holidays or incentives are not renewed upon expiration, or if tax rates applicable to us in such jurisdictions are otherwise increased. For example, on March 16, 2007, the Chinese government passed a unified enterprise income tax law which became effective on January 1, 2008. Among other things, the law cancels many income tax incentives previously applicable to one of our subsidiaries in China. The law provides a transition rule which increased the tax rate of one of our subsidiaries in China over a 5-year period to 25% by 2012. The law also increased the standard withholding rate on earnings distributions to between 5% and 10% depending on the residence of the shareholder. The ultimate effect of these and other changes in Chinese tax laws on our overall tax rate will be affected by, among other things, our China income, the manner in which China interprets, implements and applies the new tax provisions, and by our ability to qualify for any exceptions or new incentives.  

53   

Table of Contents  

In addition, the Company and its subsidiaries are regularly subject to tax return audits and examinations by various taxing jurisdictions, particularly in the US and China. In determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax examinations. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of the resolution of a tax examination, we believe that our reserves for uncertain tax positions reflect the outcome of tax positions that are more likely than not to occur. However, we cannot be certain that the final determination of any tax examinations will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of a current or future examination, there could be a material adverse effect on our tax provision, operating results, financial position and cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made.  

If we fail to protect our products, technologies and trade secrets, we may not be able to successfully use, manufacture, market or sell our products, or we may fail to advance or maintain our competitive position, and we have limited intellectual property protection in China.  

Our success depends significantly on our ability to obtain and maintain meaningful patent protection for our products and technologies and to preserve our trade secrets. Our pending patent applications may not result in the issuance of patents in the future. Our patents or patent applications may not have priority over others' applications. Our existing patents and additional patents that may be issued, if any, may not provide a competitive advantage to us or may be invalidated or circumvented by our competitors. Others may independently develop similar products or design around patents issued or licensed to us. Patents issued to, or patent applications filed by, other companies could harm our ability to use, manufacture, market or sell our products or maintain our competitive position with respect to our products. Although many of our patents relating to thymalfasin have expired, including composition of matter patents, we have rights to other patents and patent applications relating to thymalfasin and thymalfasin analogues, including method of use patents with respect to the use of thymalfasin for certain indications. Additionally, thymalfasin has received Orphan Drug designation in the US for the treatment of stage 2b through stage 4 melanoma, for the treatment of chronic active hepatitis B, for the treatment of DiGeorge anomaly with immune defects, and for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma. If other parties develop generic forms of thymalfasin for other indications, including conducting clinical trials for such indications, our patents and other rights might not be sufficient to prohibit them from marketing and selling such generic forms of thymalfasin or their brands of thymalfasin. If other parties develop analogues or derivatives of thymalfasin, our patents and other rights might not be sufficient to prohibit them from marketing these analogues or derivatives.  

Pharmaceutical products are either not patentable or have only recently become patentable in some of the countries in which we market or may market thymalfasin. We do not have composition patent claims directed to the thymalfasin that is currently marketed in China, our largest market, although we do have other type of patent claims, pending or issued, directed to other aspects of thymalfasin therapy. Other companies market generic thymalfasin in China, potentially in violation of our patent, trademark or other rights which, to date, we have defended by informing physicians and hospitals of the practice. Past enforcement of intellectual property rights in many of these countries, including China in particular, has been limited or non-existent. Future enforcement of patents and proprietary rights in many other countries will likely be problematic or unpredictable. Moreover, the issuance of a patent in one country does not assure the issuance of a similar patent in another country. Claim interpretation and infringement laws vary by nation, so the extent of any patent protection is uncertain and may vary in different jurisdictions.  

If we are involved in intellectual property claims and litigation, the proceedings may divert our resources and subject us to significant liability for damages, substantial litigation expense and the loss of our proprietary rights.  

Our commercial success depends in part on our not infringing valid, enforceable patents or proprietary rights of third parties, and not breaching any licenses that may relate to our technologies and products. In addition, we may not be aware of all patents or patent applications that may impact our ability to make, use or sell any of our potential products. For example, US patent applications may be kept confidential for 12 or more months while pending in the Patent and Trademark Office, and patent applications filed in foreign countries are often first published nine months or more after filing. It is possible that we may unintentionally infringe these patents or other patents or proprietary rights of third parties. We may in the future receive  

54   

Table of Contents  

notices claiming infringement from third parties as well as invitations to take licenses under third-party patents. Any legal action against us or our collaborative partners claiming damages and seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to our products and processes affected by third-party rights may require us or our collaborative partners to obtain licenses in order to continue to manufacture or market the affected products and processes. Our efforts to defend against any of these claims, regardless of merit, would require us to devote resources and attention that could have been directed to our operations and growth plans. In addition, these actions may subject us to potential liability for damages. We or our collaborative partners may not prevail in a patent action and any license required under a patent may not be made available on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Any conflicts resulting from the patent rights of others could significantly reduce the coverage of our patents and limit our ability to obtain meaningful patent protection.  

If other companies obtain patents with conflicting claims, we may be required to obtain licenses to those patents or develop or obtain alternate technology to manufacture or market the affected products and processes. We may not be able to obtain any such licenses on acceptable terms or at all. Any failure to obtain such licenses could delay or prevent us from pursuing the development or commercialization of our potential products. Our efforts to defend against any of these claims would require us to devote resources and attention that could have been directed to our operations and growth plans.  

We may need to initiate litigation, which could be time-consuming and expensive, to enforce our proprietary rights or to determine the scope and validity of others' rights. If litigation results, a court may find our patents or those of our licensors invalid or may find that we have infringed on a competitor's rights. If any of our competitors have filed patent applications in the US that claim technology we also have invented, the Patent and Trademark Office may require us to participate in expensive interference proceedings to determine who has the right to a patent for the technology. These actions may subject us to potential liability for damages. We or our collaborative partners may not prevail in a patent action and any license required under a patent may not be made available on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. 

Substantial sales of our stock or the exercise or conversion of options may impact the market price of our common stock.  

While we do not have any plans to issue common stock other than with respect to equity compensation, future issuances of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Similarly, if we raise additional funds through the issuance of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock or sell equity in a subsidiary, the percentage ownership of our present stockholders of the respective entities will be reduced and the price of our common stock may fall.  

Our cash  ,    cash equivalents   and investments   are subject to certain risks which could materially adversely affect our overall financial position.    * 

We invest our cash and cash equivalents in accordance with an established internal policy and customarily in instruments which historically have been highly liquid and carried relatively low risk. However, with turmoil in the credit markets, similar types of investments have experienced losses in value or liquidity issues which differ from their historical pattern. For example, we routinely have invested in money market funds with large financial institutions. One or more of these funds could experience losses or liquidity problems and, although to date some of the largest financial institutions who sponsor such funds have offset similar losses, there is no assurance that our financial institutions would either not incur losses or would offset any losses were they to occur.  

Any adjustment to decrease the ratings of our investments by a statistical rating organization (such as Moody s or Standard and Poor s) may have a negative impact on the value of our investments.  

Should any of our cash     investments permanently lose value or have their liquidity impaired, it would have a material and adverse effect on our overall financial position by imperiling our ability to fund our operations and forcing us to seek additional financing sooner than we would otherwise and such financing may not be available on commercially attractive terms.    

55   

Table of Contents  

If our     common stock investment in Soligenix   were to   permanently lose   value, our financial position could be negatively impacted     with a charge to operations. 

In addition, financial instruments may subject us to a concentration of credit risk. Most of our cash and cash equivalents are held by a limited number of financial institutions. To date, we have not experienced any losses on our deposits of cash and cash equivalents. However, if   any of these instruments permanently lost value or have their liquidity impaired, it would also have a material and adverse effect on our overall financial position by imperiling our ability to fund our operations and forcing us to seek additional financing sooner than we would otherwise and such financing may not be available on commercially attractive terms.    

We expect that we may need to transfer capital to   certain of our China subsidiaries   from time to time to fund   their   operations. We need to obtain regulatory approval from China s State Administration of Foreign Exchange ( SAFE ) in order to make such transfers and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such approval in a timely manner. We   were   able to fund the operations of NovaMed Shanghai to date through commercial credit facilities or through intercompany loans, but we could face difficulties in the future if our efforts to improve profitability and cash flow in NovaMed Shanghai   or our other China subsidiaries   are not successful, or if we are unable to obtain SAFE approval or obtain further funding for   them  . 

Furthermore, a majority of our cash is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Such cash is used to fund the operating activities of our foreign subsidiaries and for further investment in foreign operations. Based on our current operating plan, we do not anticipate the need to repatriate undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries accumulated through December 31, 2015.   We plan to repatriate, and have repatriated year-to-date, a portion of actual and expected current year foreign earnings generated or to be generated to fund our US operations. We have provided and are providing for US income taxes on a portion of current year foreign earnings that we have repatriated and anticipate repatriating from our foreign subsidiaries, and our estimated annual effective tax rate for the quarter reflects both the provisions as well as benefits associated with our operations. We plan to indefinitely reinvest outside of the US the remaining unrepatriated current year foreign earnings generated and expected to be generated in 2016. 

Our loans receivable are subject to certain risks which could materially adversely affect our financial position. *    

As part of our May 2013 license and supply agreement with Zensun, we agreed to loan up to $12 million to Zensun, of which $12 million had been loaned as of   September   30,   2016. The proceeds of the loans are to be used     for working capital and general corporate purposes by Zensun. As security for the loan agreements, Zensun pledged its entire equity interest in its subsidiary Shanghai Dongxin Biochemical Technology Co. Ltd. (whose assets include real property) to us. If the real property which comprises the majority of the value of all of the assets pledged as security were to suffer a decrease in its value due to macroeconomic conditions or local market-specific factors impacting commercial real estate market values, such a fact may represent an indication of loan impairment. If these loans were to become impaired and the loans could not be collected, our financial position could be negatively impacted with a charge to operations for the amount of any unpaid principal and interest. 

Our ability to utilize our tax attributes may be limited by an  ownership change .    

Our ability to use our tax attributes, such as our US federal income tax net operating loss carryforwards and our tax credit carryforwards, may be substantially restricted if we have had in the past, or have in the future, an  ownership change  as defined in Section 382 of the US Internal Revenue Code. An ownership change occurs if increases in the percentage of our stock held by  5-percent shareholders  (within the meaning of Section 382, which provides that certain public groups can be treated as 5-percent shareholders) collectively exceed more than fifty percent, comparing the lowest percentage of stock owned by each 5-percent shareholder at any time during the testing period (which is generally a three-year rolling period) to the percentage of stock owned by the 5-percent shareholder immediately after the close of any owner shift testing date. Our repurchases of our Common Stock, issuances of any additional significant amounts of our Common Stock for future acquisitions or other transactions and trading in our stock by stockholders, may have increased the possibility that in the future we could experience an ownership change. Trading by our stockholders, stock repurchases or other transactions could, in the future, cause an ownership change, resulting in an annual limitation on utilization of our tax attributes. If our tax attribute usage  

56   

Table of Contents  

is subject to limitation and if we are profitable, our future cash flows could be adversely affected due to an increased tax liability. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law may make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult.  

Certain anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law and our charter documents as currently in effect may make a change in control of our company more difficult, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Our charter documents contain certain anti-takeover provisions, including provisions in our certificate of incorporation providing that stockholders may not cumulate votes, stockholders' meetings may be called by stockholders only if they hold 25% or more of our common stock and provisions in our bylaws providing that the stockholders may not take action by written consent. Additionally, our Board of Directors has the authority to issue 10 million shares of preferred stock and to determine the terms of those shares of stock without any further action by the stockholders. The rights of holders of our common stock are subject to the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued. The issuance of preferred stock could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock. Delaware law also prohibits corporations from engaging in a business combination with any holders of 15% or more of their capital stock until the holder has held the stock for three years unless, among other possibilities, the Board of Directors approves the transaction. Our Board of Directors may use these provisions to prevent changes in the management and control of our company. Also, on December 18, 2006, our Board of Directors declared a dividend distribution of one Preferred Stock Purchase Right (collectively, the  Rights ) for each outstanding share of our Common Stock, each Right which entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value, at a price of $25.00 pursuant to a Rights Agreement dated as of December 19, 2006, between the Company and Mellon Investor Services LLC, that expires December 19, 2016. The Rights have certain anti-takeover effects. Under certain circumstances the Rights could cause substantial dilution to a person or group who attempts to acquire the Company on terms not approved by our Board of Directors. Although the Rights should not interfere with an acquisition of the Company approved by the Board, the Rights may have the effect of delaying and perhaps improving the terms of an acquisition for our stockholders, or deterring an acquisition of the Company. Also, under applicable Delaware law, our Board of Directors may adopt additional anti-takeover measures in the future.  

We may be subject to product liability lawsuits, and our insurance may be inadequate to cover damages. 

Clinical trials of any of our current and potential products or the actual commercial sales of our product may expose us to liability claims from the use of these products. We currently carry product liability insurance. However, we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, for clinical and commercial activities, that any insurance we have will cover any particular claim that is asserted, or that the insurance would be sufficient to cover any potential product liability claim or recall. If we fail to have sufficient coverage, our business, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.  

If we are unable to comply with environmental and other laws and regulations, our business may be harmed.  

We are subject to various federal, state and local laws, regulations and recommendations relating to the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous materials and waste products (including radioactive compounds and infectious disease agents), as well as safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices and the experimental use of animals. The extent of government regulation that might result from future legislation or administrative action in these areas cannot be accurately predicted.  

We do not currently maintain hazardous materials at our facilities. While we outsource our research and development programs involving the controlled use of biohazardous materials, if in the future we conduct these programs ourselves, we might be required to incur significant cost to comply with environmental laws and regulations. Further, in the event of an accident, we would be liable for any damages that result, and the liability could exceed our resources.  

57   

Table of Contents  

Our business and operations are subject to the risks of being based in particular locations known for earthquakes, other natural catastrophic disasters and service interruptions.  

Our corporate headquarters are located in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California, a region known for seismic activity. Although we maintain a disaster recovery policy that includes storage of important corporate data in a different geographic region of the US, all of our significant corporate data is stored in our headquarters facility and accordingly, a significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Most of our sales are into China for which we maintain our warehouses for finished goods in Hong Kong, which can experience severe typhoon storms, earthquakes or other natural catastrophic disasters. Although our distributors in China may maintain several months supply of our product, were our warehouse capability to be interrupted, either through a natural disaster such as flooding or through a service interruption, such as a lack of electricity to power required air conditioning, our ability to timely deliver finished product to China could be adversely affected which in turn would materially adversely affect our sales and ensuing operating results. 

We may be affected by climate change and market or regulatory responses to climate change.    

Climate change, including the impact of global warming, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity if it were to disrupt the demand, supply or delivery of product, management of our business, or result in cost increases as a result of government regulation. 

Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.  

In the ordinary course of our business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information, certain information regarding our business partners, and personally identifiable information of our employees, in our computer networks. The secure maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and reputation. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Although we have not been adversely affected in any significant manner, we have experienced problems with information security in the past which we believe is primarily due to breaches of security by current or former employees gaining access to restricted information. Any such breach could compromise our computer networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Although we have purchased cyber liability insurance, any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties, and damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business and competitive position. 

Item 2.      Unregistered   Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Not applicable. 

Item 3.  Defaults Upon     Senior   Securities 

Not applicable. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety     Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5.  Other     Information 

Not applicable. 

58   

Table of Contents  

Item 6.      Exhibits     

59   

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SCICLONE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

Date:  November    9  , 2016  

/s/ Wilson W. Cheung  

Wilson W. Cheung  
					 
						 Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer  

60   

Table of Contents  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

*  

Certain information in this exhibit has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission   

pursuant to a confidential treatment request under 17 C.F.R. Sections 200.80(b)(4), 200.83 and 230.46.  

(1)  

Filed herewith.  

(2)  

Furnished herewith.  

61   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 scln-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Friedhelm Blobel, Ph.D., certify that: 

1.  

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Registrant );  

2.  

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

u  

Date:   November    9  , 2016  

/s/    Friedhelm Blobel, Ph.D.          

Friedhelm Blobel, Ph.D.  

Chief Executive Officer and President  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 scln-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES- 

OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Wilson W. Cheung, certify that: 

1.  

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Registrant );  

2.  

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November   9,   2016  

/s/    Wilson W. Cheung          

Wilson W. Cheung  

Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 scln-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Friedhelm Blobel, Chief Executive Officer and President, of SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Registrant ), do hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge: 

(1)  

the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant, to which this certification is attached as an exhibit (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and  

(2)  

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.  

u  

Date:   November   9,   2016  

/s/    Friedhelm Blobel, Ph.D.          

Friedhelm Blobel, Ph.D.  

Chief Executive Officer and President  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and will be retained by SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 scln-20160930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 322

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Wilson W. Cheung, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, of SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Registrant ), do hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge: 

(1)  

the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant, to which this certification is attached as an exhibit (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and  

(2)  

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.  

ovember  

Date:   November    9  , 2016  

/s/    Wilson W. Cheung          

Wilson W. Cheung  

Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to SciClone Ph  armaceuticals, Inc. and   will be     retained by SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and   furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 scln-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 scln-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 scln-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 scln-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 scln-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 scln-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

