<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161122_10-K_edgar_data_1002517_0001002517-16-000088_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16697196</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>471429</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>994077</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5466239</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6989916</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2473062</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>88</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001002517-16-000088.hdr.sgml : 20161122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161122160723
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001002517-16-000088
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		139
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nuance Communications, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001002517
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				943156479
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36056
		FILM NUMBER:		162013283

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 WAYSIDE ROAD
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-565-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 WAYSIDE ROAD
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCANSOFT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990312

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VISIONEER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001002517-16-000088.txt : 20161122

10-K
 1
 nuan0930201610-k.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  _______________________________ 
  Form 10-K 

Commission file number 001-36056 
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
  (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
                   Delaware 
      
    94-3156479 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      Incorporation or Organization) 
      
    Identification No.) 

1 Wayside Road 
  Burlington, Massachusetts 
      
    01803 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
  (781) 565-5000 
  SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 
                   Title of Each Class 
      
    Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
      Common stock, $0.001 par value 
      
    NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
      Preferred share purchase rights 
      
    NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 
  None 
  Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes   o   No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer     
    Accelerated filer   o 
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
    Smaller reporting company   o 
        
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o       No     
  The aggregate market value of the outstanding common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately   $3.9 billion   based upon the last reported sales price on the Nasdaq National Market for such date. For purposes of this disclosure, shares of Common Stock held by officers and directors of the Registrant and by persons who hold more than 5% of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily conclusive. 
  The number of shares of the Registrant s Common Stock, outstanding as of   October 31, 2016  , was   287,789,096  . 
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
  Portions of the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to stockholders in connection with the Registrant s   2017   Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.                 

NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
      PART I 
      Item 1. 
     Business  
    1 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    7 
      Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments  
    16 
      Item 2. 
     Properties  
    16 
      Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    16 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    16 
        
      PART II 
      Item 5. 
     Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    17 
      Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data  
    18 
      Item 7. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    18 
      Item 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    47 
      Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
    49 
      Item 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
    97 
      Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    97 
      Item 9B. 
     Other Information  
    98 
        
      PART III 
      Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
    98 
      Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation  
    98 
      Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    98 
      Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
    98 
      Item 14. 
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
    98 
        
      PART IV 
      Item 15. 
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    99 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
    
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that, if they never materialize or if they prove incorrect, could cause our consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking, including statements pertaining to: our future revenue, cost of revenue, research and development expense, selling, general and administrative expenses, amortization of intangible assets and gross margin, earnings, cash flows and liquidity; our strategy relating to our segments; the potential of future product releases; our product development plans and investments in research and development; future acquisitions and anticipated benefits from acquisitions; international operations and localized versions of our products; our contractual commitments; our fiscal year   2017   revenue and expense expectations and legal proceedings and litigation matters. You can identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of words such as  may,   will,   should,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   intends,   potential,   continue  or the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements also include the assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report under the heading  Risk Factors.  All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof. The forward-looking statements do not include the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, securities offerings or business combinations that may be announced or closed after the date hereof. We will not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

Item 1. 
    Business 
     Overview 
  We are a leading provider of voice recognition and natural language understanding solutions. We work with companies around the world, from banks and hospitals to airlines, telecommunications carriers, and automotive manufacturers and suppliers, who use our solutions and technologies to create better experiences for their customers and their users by enhancing the users' interaction, increasing productivity and customer satisfaction. We offer our customers high accuracy in automated speech recognition, capabilities for natural language understanding, dialog and information management, biometric speaker authentication, text-to-speech, optical character recognition ("OCR") capabilities, and domain knowledge, along with professional services and implementation support. In addition, our solutions increasingly utilize our innovations in artificial intelligence, cognitive sciences and machine learning to create smarter, more natural experiences with technology. Using advanced analytics and algorithms, our technologies create personalized experiences and transform the way people interact with information and the technology around them. We market and sell our solutions and technologies around the world directly through a dedicated sales force, through our e-commerce website and also through a global network of resellers, including system integrators, independent software vendors, value-added resellers, distributors, hardware vendors, and telecommunications carriers. 
  We are a global organization steeped in research and development. We have   1,800   language scientists, developers, and engineers dedicated to continually refining our technologies and advancing our portfolio to better meet our customers  diverse and changing needs. We have more than   45   international operating locations and a sales presence in more than   77   countries. We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1992 and our corporate headquarters is located in Burlington, Massachusetts, with international headquarters in Dublin, Ireland ("EMEA") and Sydney, Australia ("APAC"). In fiscal year   2016  , our revenue was   $1.9 billion  . 
  Our website is located at   www.nuance.com   and we trade under the ticker symbol NUAN. We are not including the information contained in our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this annual report on Form 10-K. We make available free of charge through our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or otherwise furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
  Our Strategy  
  We have large addressable vertical markets, and we focus on growth by providing industry-leading, value-add solutions for our customers and partners through a broad set of flexible technologies, solutions, and service offerings available directly and through our channel capabilities. The key elements of our strategy include: 
             
    Maintain global leadership in all of our major markets and solutions areas.    We have historically targeted markets where we benefit from strong technology, sales and vertical market differentiation. Today, we enjoy a prominent position in the markets we serve, where we are considered one of the leading providers of voice recognition and natural language  
     
   1 

     Table of Contents  

understanding solutions. We invest considerable time and resources to ensure we maintain this position through customer satisfaction, technology leadership, deep domain experience and market specialization. 
             
    Maintain depth in technology, intellectual property and innovation portfolio.    We have built a world-class portfolio of intellectual property, technologies, applications and solutions through both internal development and acquisitions. We expect to continue to pursue opportunities to expand our assets, geographic presence, distribution network and customer base through acquisitions of other businesses and technologies. We continue to strengthen our core technologies in voice and language, and expand our offerings through research and innovations in artificial intelligence, cognitive computing and machine learning. 
                
    Continue to expand our extensive network of global operations, distribution and services networks  .    We market and sell our solutions and technologies directly through a dedicated sales force, through our e-commerce website and also through a global network of resellers, including system integrators, independent software vendors, value-added resellers, distributors, hardware vendors, and telecommunications carriers. In addition, we continue to expand our presence within our markets, such as mobile operators in our Mobile segment, ambulatory markets in our Healthcare segment and new customer services channels in our Enterprise segment, and we have expanded initiatives in geographic markets such as China, Latin America and Southeast Asia. 
                
    Continue to expand hosting and transaction-based offerings.    We are focused on increasing our hosting and transaction-based offerings. Our hosting revenues are generated through on-demand models that typically have multi-year terms with pricing based on volume of usage, number of transactions, number of seats or number of devices. This pricing structure allows customers to use our products at a lower initial cost when compared to the sale of a perpetual license. This will enable us to deliver applications that our customers use, and pay for, on a repeat basis, providing us with the opportunity to enjoy the benefits of recurring revenue streams. 
                
    Maintain significant presence and customer preference in our markets.    We specialize in creating large, enterprise-class solutions that are used by many of the world s largest companies. By combining our core technology, professional services, local presence and deep domain experience, we are able to deliver these customized offerings for our customers and partners. We have established a trusted position in numerous markets and today work with a majority of the Fortune 100 companies. 
                
    Strengthen financial profile with improvement in revenue, earnings per share, margin, and cash flow.      We are focused on improving our financial performance, by further executing upon our formal transformation program, further evolving our business toward recurring revenue models, all of which are positioning us for increased future revenue and profitability growth. In fiscal year 2015 we initiated a formal program to focus our product investments on our growth opportunities, increase our operating efficiencies, reduce costs, and further enhance shareholder value through share buybacks. Our transformation program has delivered measurable results that can be seen in our financial performance and profitability during fiscal 2016. 
     Business Segments and Financial Information 
  We are organized into four segments: Healthcare, Mobile, Enterprise, and Imaging. See Note   19   to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about our reportable segments. We offer our solutions and technologies to our customers in a variety of ways, including hosted cloud-based solution, perpetual licenses, implementation and custom solution development services and maintenance and support. Our product revenues include embedded original equipment manufacturer ("OEM") royalties, traditional perpetual licensing, term-based licensing and consumer sales. Our hosting, royalty, term license and maintenance and support revenues are recurring in nature as our customers use our products on an ongoing basis to handle their needs in medical transcription, medical coding and compliance, enterprise customer service and mobile connected services. Our professional services offer a visible revenue stream, as we have a backlog of assignments that take time to complete.  
  
   2 

     Table of Contents  

Healthcare Segment 
  Our Healthcare segment is a leading provider in clinical speech and clinical language understanding solutions that drive smart, efficient decisions and increase productivity across healthcare. Our solutions and services improve the clinical documentation process - from capturing the complete patient record to improving clinical documentation and quality measures for reimbursement. We support clinical documentation workflows and electronic medical record ("EMR") adoption through our flexible offerings, including transcription services, dictation software for the EMR, diagnostics workflow, and mobile applications. These solutions increasingly leverage clinical language understanding and artificial intelligence innovations to help physicians deliver better outcomes. In addition, we continue to extend our strong hospital customer franchise into the automation and management of healthcare coding and billing processes in order to ensure timely and appropriate reimbursement. These solutions are designed to help healthcare organizations derive additional value from EMR investments and are driven by industry trends such as value-based care, Meaningful Use requirements, which is a program that awards incentives for using EMR technology to improve patient care, and government regulations related to medical codes. 
  Today, more than 500,000 clinicians and 10,000 healthcare facilities worldwide leverage our solutions to improve patient care and support the physician in clinical workflow from many devices. Our Healthcare segment revenues were   $973.3 million  ,   $1,000.8 million  , and   $1,020.4 million   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. As a percentage of total segment revenue, Healthcare segment revenues represented   49.2%  ,   50.6%   and   51.3%   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively.  
  Our principal solutions for the Healthcare segment include the following: 
             
    Transcription solutions  :    Enable physicians in larger and mid-sized healthcare enterprises to streamline clinical documentation with an on-demand, enterprise-wide medical transcription platform, and allow healthcare organizations to outsource transcription services. Our transcription solutions are generally offered as an on-demand model. 
                
    Dragon Medical:    Provide dictation software that empowers physicians to accurately capture and document patient care in real-time from many devices and without disrupting existing workflows. We have expanded this solution to provide clinical language understanding and cognitive intelligence that delivers real-time queries to physicians at the point of care, producing measurable clinical, financial and compliance outcomes. This software has historically been sold under a traditional perpetual software license, however it is now frequently sold as a multi-year cloud-based service. 
                
    Clinical document improvement ("CDI") and coding solutions  :    Ensure patient health information is accurately documented, coded, and evaluated to provide more complete and accurate clinical documentation. These services and offerings assist organizations with regulatory compliance and coding efficiency to receive appropriate and timely reimbursement and improve quality reporting. The solutions are generally sold under a term-licensing model. 
                
    Diagnostic solutions  :    Allow radiologists to easily document, collaborate, and share medical images and reports, to optimize patient care  .   The solutions are generally sold under a traditional perpetual license model, with accelerated transition to term-licensing and transaction-based models. 
                
    Dragon solutions  :    Provide professional and personal productivity solutions to business users and consumers with the ability to use their voice to create content, reports and other documents, as well as control their computers and laptops without the use of a keyboard or mouse. This dictation software is similar to Dragon Medical and is used in markets such as law, public safety, social services, education and accessibility. Dragon solutions are sold generally through a traditional perpetual software license model and recently we have introduced an on-demand model. 
     The channels for distribution in the Healthcare segment utilize a direct sales force to address the market and a professional services organization that supports the implementation requirements of the healthcare industry. Direct distribution is supplemented by distributors and partnerships with a variety of healthcare IT providers. Our Healthcare customers and partners include Cerner, Epic, McKesson, UPMC, Cleveland Clinic, Siemens, and the Mayo Clinic. 
  Areas of expansion and focus for our Healthcare segment include providing customers deeper integration with our clinical documentation solutions, investing in our cloud-based products and operations, entering new and adjacent markets such as ambulatory care, and expanding our international capabilities. 
  Mobile Segment 
  Our Mobile segment provides a broad portfolio of specialized virtual assistants and connected services built on voice recognition, text-to-speech, natural language understanding, dialog, and text input technologies. Our mobile platform includes embedded and cloud-based technologies that work together through our hybrid (connected and embedded) architecture. As  
  
   3 

     Table of Contents  

consumer demands for convenience, ease-of-use, and more personalized experiences increase, companies will need to embrace the Internet of Things ("IoT"). Our technologies help leading automotive manufacturers, consumer electronic companies and mobile and cable operators provide the consistent, connected, and more human experience their customers are looking for with the devices and technology around them, including their phones, tablets, computers, autos, wearable devices, TVs, applications, and related services.  
  Mobile segment revenues were   $377.3 million  ,   $391.2 million  , and   $363.3 million   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. As a percentage of total segment revenue, the Mobile segment revenues represented   19.1%  ,   19.8%   and   18.3%   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  Our principal solutions for the Mobile segment include the following: 
             
    Automotive solutions  :    Provide automotive manufacturers and their suppliers intuitive, personalized, virtual assistants and connected services for cars that are safer, easier, and more enjoyable. Our deep domain experience, integration capabilities and independence make us a preferred vendor to the world s largest automotive manufacturers and suppliers. Our automotive solutions are generally sold as on-demand models that are typically priced on a per-unit basis for multi-year service terms. We also have a worldwide professional services team to provide custom solution development services and sell our technologies through a traditional perpetual software license model, including a royalty-based model. 
                
    Devices solutions  :    Provide consumer electronic manufacturers, developers, and within the broad ecosystem around the IoT, with specialized virtual assistants, virtual keyboards and connected services. Our connected solutions are sold through on-demand models that typically have multi-year terms with pricing generally based on volume. We provide custom solution development and integration services, and sell our technologies through a traditional perpetual software license model, including a royalty-based model. 
                
    Mobile operator services  :    Provide mobile network operators value added services that assist in creating new, high-profit revenue streams from their subscribers, especially in emerging markets such as Latin American, India and Southeast Asia. Our mobile operator services are sold through on-demand models that typically have multi-year terms and a revenue share-based model. 
     In the Mobile segment, we utilize a direct sales force to sell to automotive manufacturers and their suppliers, device makers, and mobile operators. Direct distribution is supplemented by OEM partnerships with electronics suppliers, integrators, and content providers. 
  Areas of expansion and focus for our Mobile segment include: cloud and content expansion of our automotive solutions, expansion across the IoT in our device solutions, and geographic expansion of our mobile operator services. 
  Enterprise Segment 
  Our Enterprise segment is a leading provider for automated customer solutions and services worldwide. Differentiated by speech and artificial intelligence ( AI ) technologies, and complemented by our large professional services organization, our solutions help enterprises reduce or replace human contact center agents with conversational systems, across voice, mobile, web and messaging channels. Our intelligent self-service solutions are highly accurate and dependable, resulting in increased customer satisfaction levels while simultaneously reducing the costs associated with delivering customer service for the enterprise. We are transforming this business, leveraging our presence in on-premise interactive voice response ("IVR") solutions and services, and expanding into multichannel, self-service cloud solutions. Our solutions and services portfolio now spans voice, mobile, web and messaging channels, with inbound and outbound customer service and engagement, voice biometrics, and digital virtual assistant capabilities.  
  Enterprise segment revenues were   $387.5 million  ,   $349.3 million  , and   $367.1 million   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. As a percentage of total segment revenue, the Enterprise segment revenues represented   19.6%  ,   17.7%   and   18.5%   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  Our principal solutions for the Enterprise segment include the following: 
             
    On-Premise solutions and services  :    Provide software that is leveraged to implement automated customer service solutions that are integrated with a wide range of on-premise third-party IVR and contact center platforms. Our products and technologies include speech recognition, voice biometrics, transcription, text-to-speech, dialog and analytics. Our global professional services team leverages domain expertise to provide end-to-end services to customers and partners, including business consulting, design, development, and deployment of integrated solutions.  
     
   4 

     Table of Contents  

Our on-premise licensed products are primarily sold through a traditional perpetual software license model, and our on-premise professional services are sold under project-based and multi-year managed services contracts. 
             
    On-Demand multichannel cloud:    Deliver a platform that provides enterprises with the ability to implement automatic customer service across inbound, outbound, and digital customer service channels in the cloud. Our on-demand multichannel cloud leverages our speech, voice biometrics, text to speech, and virtual assistant technologies, to implement intelligent, conversational self-service applications, including voice call steering and self-service, automated verification, account access, virtual chat, proactive SMS, messaging and email, and customer service for mobile device customers. In addition, the acquisition of TouchCommerce, Inc. will allow us to be able to provide an end-to-end engagement platform that merges intelligent self-service with assisted service to increase customer satisfaction, strengthen customer loyalty and improve business results. Our on-demand multichannel cloud is sold through sales models that typically have multi-year terms with pricing based on channel and/or volume of usage. 
     The selling models in the Enterprise segment utilize both direct and channel sales, which includes a network of partners such as Avaya, BT, Cisco, DiData, Genesys, Huawei, MoshiMoshi, NICE, Telstra, and Verint. Our customers include, American Airlines, Amtrak, Bank of America, Barclays, Dominos, Delta, Deutsche Telekom, e*trade, ING Bank, Lloyds Banking Group, T-Mobile, Telefonica, Telstra, and Vodafone. 
  Areas of focus and expansion for our Enterprise segment include extending our technology capabilities with intelligent self-service and AI for customer service; expansion of our on-demand multichannel cloud to international markets; sales and solution expansion for voice biometrics; and expanding our on-premise product and services portfolio. 
  Imaging Segment 
  Our Imaging segment provides software solutions and expertise that help professionals and organizations to gain optimal control of their document and information processes. Our portfolio of products and services helps business customers achieve compliance with information security policies and regulations while enabling organizations to streamline and eliminate gaps across their document workflows.  
  We are continuing to grow our business through multi-function printer ("MFP") OEM channels, expanding our scanning and print management software solutions, and broadening our footprint with end-user customers to become a solution suite provider. We have built on our position in MFP OEM channels and managed print services space by accelerating the integration of capture and print management technologies. Our intelligent document capture and workflow solutions transform manual, disconnected processes into dynamic, streamlined, and automated workflows. When combined with print management technologies, organizations are also able to control, manage, and monitor their entire print environment. Our business has seen increased commitments from key OEMs, a broader number of OEM partners who embed multiple products, and stronger end-user demand in key verticals like healthcare, legal, and financial services.  
  Imaging segment revenues were   $241.6 million  ,   $237.7 million  , and   $236.3 million   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. As a percentage of total segment revenue, the Imaging segment revenues represented   12.2%  ,   12.0%   and   11.9%   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  Our principal solutions for the Imaging segment include the following: 
             
    MFP Scan automation solutions  :    Deliver scanning and document management solutions that improve productivity, drive efficiency and assist in enhancing security. 
                
    MFP Print automation solutions  :    Offer printing and document management solutions to capture and automate paper to digital workflows to increase efficiency  . 
                
    PDF and OCR software  :    Provide intuitive technologies that enable the efficient capture, creation, and management of document workflows. 
     The channels for distribution in the Imaging segment include a combination of a global reseller network and direct sales. Our Imaging solutions are generally sold under a traditional perpetual software license model with a subset of our offerings sold as term licenses. Our Imaging customers and partners include Ricoh, Xerox, HP, Canon, and Samsung. 
  Areas of expansion and focus in the Imaging segment include investing to merge the scan and print technology platforms improving mobile access to our solutions and technologies, expanding our distribution channels and embedding relationships, and expanding our language coverage for OCR in order to drive a more comprehensive and compelling offering to our partners. 
  
   5 

     Table of Contents  

Research and Development/Intellectual Property 
  Over our history we have developed and acquired extensive technology assets, intellectual property, and industry expertise in voice recognition, natural language understanding and imaging technologies that provide us with a competitive advantage in our markets. Our technologies are based on complex algorithms that require extensive amounts of acoustic and language models, and recognition and understanding techniques. A significant investment in capital and time would be necessary to replicate our current capabilities. 
  We continue to invest in technologies to maintain our market-leading position and to develop new applications. We rely on a portfolio of patents, copyrights, trademarks, services marks, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. As of   September 30, 2016  , we held approximately   3,650   patents and   900   patent applications. Our intellectual property is critical to our success and competitive position. We incurred research and development expenses of   $271.1 million  ,   $306.9 million  , and   $333.8 million   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  Competition 
  The several markets in which we compete are highly competitive and are subject to rapid technology changes. There are a number of companies that develop or may develop solutions and technologies that compete in our target markets; however, currently there is no one company that directly competes with us across all of our solutions and technologies. While we expect competition to continue to increase both from existing competitors and new market entrants, we believe that we will compete effectively based on many factors, including: 
             
    Specialized Professional Services.    Our superior technology, when coupled with the high quality and domain knowledge of our professional services organization, allows our customers and partners to place a high degree of confidence and trust in our ability to deliver results. We support our customers in designing and building powerful innovative applications that specifically address their needs and requirements. 
                
    International Coverage.    The international reach of our solutions and technologies is due to the broad language coverage of our offerings, including our voice recognition and natural language understanding solutions, which provide recognition for approximately   70   languages and dialects and natural-sounding synthesized speech in over   150   voices, and support a broad range of hardware platforms and operating systems. Our imaging technology supports more than   120   languages for OCR and document handling, with up to   20   screen language choices, including Asian languages. 
                
    Technological Superiority.    Our voice recognition, natural language understanding and imaging technologies, applications and solutions are often recognized as the most innovative and proficient in their respective categories. Our voice recognition and natural language understanding solutions have industry-leading recognition accuracy and provide a natural, voice-enabled interaction with systems, devices and applications. Our OCR technology in our Imaging segment is viewed as the most accurate in the industry. Technology publications, analyst research and independent benchmarks have consistently indicated that our solutions and technologies rank at or above performance levels of alternative solutions. 
                
    Broad Distribution Channels.    Our ability to address the needs of specific markets, such as financial, legal, healthcare and government, and to introduce new solutions and technologies quickly and effectively is provided by our direct sales force, our extensive global network of resellers, comprising system integrators, independent software vendors, value-added resellers, hardware vendors, telecommunications carriers and distributors, and our e-commerce website. 
     We compete with companies such as Adobe, Google, iFlyTek, LivePerson, M*Modal, Optum and 3M. In addition, a number of smaller companies offer solutions, technologies or products that are competitive with our solutions and technologies in the voice recognition, natural language understanding, text input and imaging markets. In certain markets, some of our partners such as Avaya, Cisco, Convergys, and Genesys develop and market products and services that might be considered substitutes for our solutions and technologies. Current and potential competitors have established, or may establish, cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase the ability of their technologies to address the needs of our prospective customers. 
  Some of our competitors or potential competitors, such as Adobe, Google, and 3M have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than we can to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. They may also devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we do. 
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

Employees 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   13,200   full-time employees, including approximately   1,200   in sales and marketing, approximately   2,700   in professional services, approximately   1,800   in research and development, approximately   700   in general and administrative and approximately   6,800   who provide transcription and editing services. Approximately   56%   of our employees are based outside of the United States, approximately   58%   of whom provide transcription and editing services and are based in India. None of our employees in the United States is represented by a labor union. In certain foreign subsidiaries labor unions or workers  councils represent some of our employees. We believe that our relationships with our employees are satisfactory.  
  Financial Information About Geographic Areas 
  We have offices in a number of international locations including Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, Hungary, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, and the United Kingdom. The responsibilities of our international operations include research and development, healthcare transcription and editing, customer support, sales and marketing and general and administrative. Additionally, we maintain smaller sales, services and support offices throughout the world to support our international customers and to expand international revenue opportunities. 
  Geographic revenue classification is based on the geographic areas in which our customers are located. For fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  ,   71%  ,   73%   and   73%   of revenue was generated in the United States and   29%  ,   27%   and   27%   of revenue was generated by our international customers, respectively. 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
     You should carefully consider the risks described below when evaluating our company and when deciding whether to invest in our company. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we do not currently believe are important to an investor may also harm our business operations. If any of the events, contingencies, circumstances or conditions described in the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or our results of operations could be seriously harmed. If that happens, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose part or all of the value of any of our shares held by you. 
  Risks Related to Our Business  
  The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and rapidly changing and we may be unable to compete successfully.  
  There are a number of companies that develop or may develop products that compete in our targeted markets. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, evolving industry standards, emerging business and distribution models, disruptive software and hardware technology developments, short product and service life cycles, price sensitivity on the part of customers, and frequent new product introductions, including alternatives with limited functionality available at lower costs or free of charge. Within voice recognition and natural language understanding, we compete with Google, iFlyTek and other smaller providers. Within healthcare, we compete with M*Modal, Optum, 3M and other smaller providers. Within imaging, we compete with ABBYY and Adobe. In our enterprise business, some of our partners such as Avaya, Cisco, and Genesys develop and market products that might be considered substitutes for our solutions. In addition, a number of smaller companies in voice recognition, natural language understanding, text input and imaging produce technologies or products that are in some markets competitive with our solutions. Current and potential competitors have established, or may establish, cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase the ability of their technologies to address the needs of our prospective customers. Furthermore, there has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for several years. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. 
  The competition in these markets could adversely affect our operating results by reducing the volume of the products we license or the prices we can charge. Some of our current or potential competitors, such as Adobe, Google and 3M, have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than we can to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. They may also devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we do, and in certain cases may be able to include or combine their competitive products or technologies with other of their products or technologies in a manner whereby the competitive functionality is available at lower cost or free of charge within the larger offering. To the extent they do so, market acceptance and penetration of our products, and therefore our revenue and bookings, may be adversely affected. Our success will depend substantially upon our ability to enhance our products and technologies and to develop and introduce, on a timely and cost-effective basis, new products and features that meet changing customer requirements and incorporate technological enhancements. If we are unable  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

to develop new products and enhance functionalities or technologies to adapt to these changes, or if we are unable to realize synergies among our acquired products and technologies, our business will suffer. 
  Our operating results may fluctuate significantly from period to period, and this may cause our stock price to decline.  
  Our revenue, bookings and operating results have fluctuated in the past and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. Given these fluctuations, we believe that quarter to quarter comparisons of revenue, bookings and operating results are not necessarily meaningful or an accurate indicator of our future performance. As a result, our results of operations may not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in the future. If this occurs, the price of our stock would likely decline. Factors that contribute to fluctuations in operating results include:  
             
    volume, timing and fulfillment of customer orders and receipt of royalty reports;  
                
    the pace of the transition to an on-demand and transactional revenue model; 
                
    slowing sales by our channel partners to their customers; 
                
    customers delaying their purchasing decisions in anticipation of new versions of our products;  
                
    contractual counterparties are unable to, or do not, meet their contractual commitments to us; 
                
    introduction of new products by us or our competitors;  
                
    seasonality in purchasing patterns of our customers;  
                
    reduction in the prices of our products in response to competition, market conditions or contractual obligations;  
                
    returns and allowance charges in excess of accrued amounts;  
                
    timing of significant marketing and sales promotions;  
                
    impairment charges against goodwill and intangible assets;  
                
    delayed realization of synergies resulting from our acquisitions;  
                
    accounts receivable that are not collectible and write-offs of excess or obsolete inventory;  
                
    increased expenditures incurred pursuing new product or market opportunities;  
                
    general economic trends as they affect retail and corporate sales; and  
                
    higher than anticipated costs related to fixed-price contracts with our customers.  
     Due to the foregoing factors, among others, our revenue, bookings and operating results are difficult to forecast. Our expense levels are based in significant part on our expectations of future revenue and we may not be able to reduce our expenses quickly to respond to a shortfall in projected revenue. Therefore, our failure to meet revenue expectations would seriously harm our operating results, financial condition and cash flows.  
  A significant portion of our revenue and bookings are derived, and a significant portion of our research and development activities are based, outside the United States. Our results could be harmed by economic, political, regulatory, foreign currency fluctuations and other risks associated with these international regions.  
  Because we operate worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We anticipate that revenue and bookings from international operations could increase in the future. Most of our international revenue and bookings are generated by sales in Europe and Asia. In addition, some of our products are developed outside the United States and we have a large number of employees in India that provide transcription services. We also have a large number of employees in Canada, Germany and the United Kingdom that provide professional services. A significant portion of the development of our voice recognition and natural language understanding solutions is conducted in Canada and Germany, and a significant portion of our imaging research and development is conducted in Hungary and Canada. We also have significant research and development resources collectively in Austria, Belgium, Italy, and the United Kingdom. In addition, we are exposed to changes in foreign currencies including the euro, British pound, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Japanese yen, Indian rupee and Hungarian forint. Changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the value of the U.S. dollar could adversely affect future revenue and operating results. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors associated with international sales and operations, including:  
             
    the impact on local and global economies of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union; 
                
    changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the lack of ability to hedge certain foreign currencies; 
                
    changes in a specific country's or region's economic conditions;  
     
   8 

     Table of Contents  

compliance with laws and regulations in many countries and any subsequent changes in such laws and regulations; 
                
    geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism and war;  
                
    trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements imposed by the United States and/or by other countries;  
                
    changes in applicable tax laws;  
                
    difficulties in staffing and managing operations in multiple locations in many countries;  
                
    longer payment cycles of foreign customers and timing of collections in foreign jurisdictions; and  
                
    less effective protection of intellectual property than in the United States.  
     If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our business could be harmed.  
  If any of our key employees were to leave, we could face substantial difficulty in hiring qualified successors and could experience a loss in productivity while any successor obtains the necessary training and experience. Our employment relationships are generally at-will and we have had key employees leave in the past. We cannot assure you that one or more key employees will not leave in the future. We intend to continue to hire additional highly qualified personnel, including research and development and operational personnel, but may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain qualified personnel in the future. Any failure to attract, integrate, motivate and retain these employees could harm our business.  
  Our business is subject to a variety of domestic and international laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection.  
  We are subject to federal, state and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, security and transfer of personally identifiable and personal health information. In many cases, these laws apply not only to transfers between third-parties, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries. Many jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. These laws continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. For example, in April 2016 the European Commission adopted the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ). The GDPR has a two-year phase-in period. Complying with the GDPR and other emerging and changing requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. Noncompliance could result in penalties or significant legal liability, and could affect our ability to retain and attract customers.  
  Any failure by us, our suppliers or other parties with whom we do business to comply with our privacy policy or with other federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. 
  Security and privacy breaches may damage client relations and inhibit our growth.  
  The confidentiality and security of our, and third party, information is critical to our business. Our services involve the transmission, use, and storage of customers  and their customer s confidential information. A failure of our security or privacy measures or policies could have a material adverse effect on our financial operation and results of operations. These measures may be breached through a variety of means resulting in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our or our customers  information or to our intellectual property. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any security or privacy breach may: 
             
    cause our customers to lose confidence in our solutions; 
                
    harm our reputation; 
                
    expose us to litigation and liability; and 
                
    increase our expenses from potential remediation costs. 
     Interruptions or delays in service from data center hosting facilities could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business.  
  We currently serve our customers from our, third-party, data center hosting facilities, and third-party public cloud facilities. Any damage to, or failure of, the systems that serve our customers in whole or in part could result in interruptions in our service. Interruptions in our service may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay service level agreement penalties, cause customers to terminate their on-demand services and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

As part of our business strategy, we acquire other businesses and technologies, and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions will depend on successfully integrating the acquired businesses.  
  As part of our business strategy, we have in the past acquired, and expect to continue to acquire, other businesses and technologies. Our prior acquisitions required, and our recently completed acquisitions continue to require, substantial integration and management efforts, and we expect future acquisitions to require similar efforts. Successfully realizing the benefits of acquisitions involves a number of risks, including:  
             
    difficulty in transitioning and integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses;  
                
    potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; 
                
    difficulty in incorporating acquired products and technologies into our products and technologies;  
                
    potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development;  
                
    unanticipated expenses and delays in completing acquired development projects and technology integration and upgrades;  
                
    management of geographically remote business units both in the United States and internationally;  
                
    impairment of relationships with partners and customers;  
                
    assumption of unknown material liabilities of acquired companies;  
                
    accurate projection of revenue and bookings plans of the acquired entity in the due diligence process;  
                
    customers delaying purchases of our products pending resolution of product integration between our existing and our newly acquired products;  
                
    entering markets or types of businesses in which we have limited experience; and  
                
    potential loss of key employees of the acquired business.  
     As a result of these and other risks, if we are unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from our acquisitions. Any failure to achieve these benefits or failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies could seriously harm our business.  
  Charges to earnings as a result of our acquisitions may adversely affect our operating results in the foreseeable future, which could have a material and adverse effect on the market value of our common stock.  
  Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, we record the market value of our common stock or other form of consideration issued in connection with an acquisition as the cost of acquiring the company or business. We allocate that cost to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including various identifiable intangible assets such as acquired technology, acquired trade names and acquired customer relationships based on their respective fair values. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain. After we complete an acquisition, the following factors could result in material charges and may adversely affect our operating results and cash flows:  
             
    costs incurred to combine the operations of businesses we acquire, such as transitional employee expenses and employee retention, redeployment or relocation expenses; 
                
    impairment of goodwill or intangible assets;  
                
    amortization of intangible assets acquired;  
                
    a reduction in the useful lives of intangible assets acquired;  
                
    identification of or changes to assumed contingent liabilities, both income tax and non-income tax related, after our final determination of the amounts for these contingencies or the conclusion of the measurement period (generally up to one year from the acquisition date), whichever comes first;  
                
    charges to our operating results to eliminate certain duplicative pre-merger activities, to restructure our operations or to reduce our cost structure;  
                
    charges to our operating results resulting from expenses incurred to effect the acquisition; and  
                
    charges to our operating results due to the expensing of certain stock awards assumed in an acquisition.  
     
   10 

     Table of Contents  

Intangible assets are generally amortized over a five to fifteen year period. Goodwill is not subject to amortization but is subject to an impairment analysis, at least annually, which may result in an impairment charge if the carrying value exceeds its implied fair value. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had identified intangible assets of approximately   $0.8 billion  , net of accumulated amortization, and goodwill of approximately   $3.5 billion  . In addition, purchase accounting limits our ability to recognize certain revenue that otherwise would have been recognized by the acquired company as an independent business. As a result, the combined company may delay revenue recognition or recognize less revenue than we and the acquired company would have recognized as independent companies.  
  We have grown, and may continue to grow, through acquisitions, which could dilute our existing stockholders and/or increase our debt levels. 
  In connection with past acquisitions, we issued a substantial number of shares of our common stock as transaction consideration, including contingent consideration, and also incurred significant debt to finance the cash consideration used for our acquisitions. We may continue to issue equity securities for future acquisitions, which would dilute existing stockholders, perhaps significantly, depending on the terms of such acquisitions. We may also incur additional debt in connection with future acquisitions, which, if available at all, may place additional restrictions on our ability to operate our business. 
  Our strategy to increase cloud services, term licensing and transaction-based recurring revenue may adversely affect our near-term revenue growth and results of operations. 
  Our ongoing shift from a perpetual software license model to cloud services, term licensing and transaction-based recurring revenue models will create a recurring revenue stream that is more predictable. The transition, however, creates risks related to the timing of revenue recognition. We also incur certain expenses associated with the infrastructures and selling efforts of our hosting offerings in advance of our ability to recognize the revenues associated with these offerings, which may adversely affect our near-term reported revenues, results of operations and cash flows. A decline in renewals of recurring revenue offerings in any period may not be immediately reflected in our results for that period but may result in a decline in our revenue and results of operations in future quarters.  
  We have a history of operating losses, and may incur losses in the future, which may require us to raise additional capital on unfavorable terms.  
  We reported net losses of   $12.5 million  ,   $115.0 million   and   $150.3 million   in fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, and have a total accumulated deficit of   $429.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , which has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the effect of the accounting change method of recognizing the amount paid to repurchase common shares in excess of the par value. If we are unable to return to profitability, the market price for our stock may decline, perhaps substantially. We cannot assure you that our revenue or bookings will grow or that we will return to profitability in the future. If we do not achieve profitability, we may be required to raise additional capital to maintain or grow our operations. Additional capital, if available at all, may be highly dilutive to existing investors or contain other unfavorable terms, such as a high interest rate and restrictive covenants. 
  If our efforts to execute our formal transformation program are not successful, our business could be harmed. 
  We have been executing a formal transformation program to focus our product investments on our growth opportunities, increase our operating efficiencies, reduce costs, and further enhance shareholder value through share buybacks. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in executing this transformation program or be able to realize the anticipated benefits of this program, within the expected timeframes, or at all. Additionally, if we are not successful in strategically aligning our product portfolio, we may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits of this program. A failure to successfully reduce and re-align our costs could have an adverse effect on our revenue and on our expenses and profitability. As a result, our financial results may not meet our or the expectations of securities analysts or investors in the future and our business could be harmed. 
  Tax matters may cause significant variability in our financial results. 
  Our businesses are subject to income taxation in the United States, as well as in many tax jurisdictions throughout the world. Tax rates in these jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. If our effective tax rate increases, our operating results and cash flow could be adversely affected. Our effective income tax rate can vary significantly between periods due to a number of complex factors including, but not limited to:  
             
    projected levels of taxable income;  
                
    pre-tax income being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory rates or higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory rates; 
     
   11 

     Table of Contents  

increases or decreases to valuation allowances recorded against deferred tax assets; 
                
    tax audits conducted and settled by various tax authorities; 
                
    adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of income tax returns; 
                
    the ability to claim foreign tax credits; 
                
    the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for income taxes; and  
                
    changes in tax laws and their interpretations in countries in which we are subject to taxation. 
     During 2014, Ireland enacted changes to the taxation of certain Irish incorporated companies effective as of January 2021. On October 5, 2015, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development released the Final Reports for its Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting. The implementation of one or more of these reports in jurisdictions in which we operate, together with the 2014 enactment by Ireland, could result in an increase to our effective tax rate. 
  The failure to successfully maintain the adequacy of our system of internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse impact on our ability to report our financial results in an accurate and timely manner.  
  Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we were required to develop and are required to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements. In addition, our management is required to assess and certify the adequacy of our controls on a quarterly basis, and our independent auditors must attest on report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis. Any failure in the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse impact on our ability to report our financial statements in an accurate and timely manner. Inaccurate and/or untimely financial statements could subject us to regulatory actions, civil or criminal penalties, shareholder litigation, or loss of customer confidence, which could result in an adverse reaction in the financial marketplace and ultimately could negatively impact our stock price due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements.  
  Impairment of our intangible assets could result in significant charges that would adversely impact our future operating results.  
  We have significant intangible assets, including goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives, which are susceptible to valuation adjustments as a result of changes in various factors or conditions. The most significant intangible assets are customer relationships, patents and core technology, completed technology and trademarks. Customer relationships are amortized on an accelerated basis based upon the pattern in which the economic benefits of customer relationships are being utilized. Other identifiable intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. We assess the potential impairment of intangible assets on an annual basis, as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could trigger an impairment of such assets include the following:  
             
    significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results;  
                
    significant changes in the manner of or use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business;  
                
    significant negative industry or economic trends;  
                
    significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period;  
                
    changes in our organization or management reporting structure that could result in additional reporting units, which may require alternative methods of estimating fair values or greater disaggregation or aggregation in our analysis by reporting unit; and  
                
    a decline in our market capitalization below net book value.  
     Future adverse changes in these or other unforeseeable factors could result in an impairment charge that would impact our results of operations and financial position in the reporting period identified. 
  Our sales to government clients subject us to risks, including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties.  
  We derive a portion of our revenues and bookings from contracts with the United States government, as well as various state and local governments, and their respective agencies. Government contracts are generally subject to oversight, including audits and investigations which could identify violations of these agreements. Government contract violations could result in a range of consequences including, but not limited to, contract price adjustments, civil and criminal penalties, contract termination, forfeiture of profit and/or suspension of payment, and suspension or debarment from future government contracts. We could also suffer serious harm to our reputation if we were found to have violated the terms of our government contracts. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Technology  
  Unauthorized use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property could adversely affect our business and results of operations.  
  Our success and competitive position depend in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property rights protecting our products and services. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or discover aspects of our products or to obtain, license, sell or otherwise use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our products is difficult and we may not be able to protect our technology from unauthorized use. Additionally, our competitors may independently develop technologies that are substantially the same or superior to our technologies and that do not infringe our rights. In these cases, we would be unable to prevent our competitors from selling or licensing these similar or superior technologies. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Although the source code for our proprietary software is protected both as a trade secret and as a copyrighted work, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Litigation, regardless of the outcome, can be very expensive and can divert management efforts.  
  Third parties have claimed and may claim in the future that we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could be exposed to significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling our products if such claims are successful.  
  From time to time, we are subject to claims that we or our customers may be infringing or contributing to the infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. We may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technologies and products. If it appears necessary or desirable, we may seek licenses for these intellectual property rights. However, we may not be able to obtain licenses from some or all claimants, the terms of any offered licenses may not be acceptable to us, and we may not be able to resolve disputes without litigation. Any litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Intellectual property disputes could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from manufacturing or licensing certain of our products, cause severe disruptions to our operations or the markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers including contractual provisions under various arrangements. Any of these could seriously harm our business.  
  Our software products may have bugs, which could result in delayed or lost revenue and bookings, expensive correction, liability to our customers and claims against us.  
  Complex software products such as ours may contain errors, defects or bugs. Defects in the solutions or products that we develop and sell to our customers could require expensive corrections and result in delayed or lost revenue and bookings, adverse customer reaction and negative publicity about us or our products and services. Customers who are not satisfied with any of our products may also bring claims against us for damages, which, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming to defend, and could result in costly litigation and payment of damages. Such claims could harm our reputation, financial results and competitive position.  
  Risks Related to our Corporate Structure, Organization and Common Stock  
  Our debt agreements contain covenant restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business.  
  Our debt agreements contain, and any of our other future debt agreements or arrangements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to operate our business, including restrictions on our ability to:  
             
    incur additional debt or issue guarantees;  
                
    create liens;  
                
    make certain investments;  
                
    enter into transactions with our affiliates;  
                
    sell certain assets;  
                
    repurchase capital stock or make other restricted payments;  
                
    declare or pay dividends or make other distributions to stockholders; and  
                
    merge or consolidate with any entity.  
     
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Our ability to comply with these limitations is dependent on our future performance, which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including prevailing economic conditions. As a result of these limitations, our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and to obtain additional financing, if needed, may be significantly restricted, and we may be prevented from engaging in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us. In addition, our failure to comply with our debt covenants could result in a default under our debt agreements, which could permit the holders to accelerate our obligation to repay the debt. If any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay the accelerated debt. 
  Our significant debt could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our credit facility and our convertible debentures.  
  We have a significant amount of debt. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a total of   $2,685.9 million   face value of debt outstanding, which includes   $1,050.0 million   of senior notes due in 2020,   $300.0 million   of senior notes due in 2024, and   $1,335.9 million   in convertible debentures. Investors may require us to redeem the 2031 Debentures, 1.5% 2035 Debentures, or 1.0% 2035 Debentures, totaling   $395.5 million  ,   $263.9 million  , and   $676.5 million  , respectively, in aggregate principal amount in November 2017, November 2021, or December 2022, respectively, or sooner if the closing sale price of our common stock is more than 130% of the then current conversion price for certain specified periods. If a holder elects to convert, we will be required to pay the principal amount in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election. We also have a   $242.5 million   Revolving Credit Facility under which   $4.0 million   was committed to backing outstanding letters of credit issued and   $238.5 million   was available for borrowing at September 30, 2016. Our debt level could have important consequences, for example it could: 
             
    require us to use a large portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on debt, including the convertible debentures and the credit facility, which will reduce the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development, exploiting business opportunities, and other business activities;  
                
    place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and  
                
    limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants related to our debt, our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets or pay cash dividends.  
     Our ability to meet our payment and other obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flow in the future. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that additional capital will be available to us, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our payment obligations under the convertible debentures and our other debt and to fund other liquidity needs. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, including the convertible debentures, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. If we are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may not be able to meet our payment obligations under the convertible debentures and our other debt. 
  The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations, and this may make it difficult for you to resell the common stock when you want or at prices you find attractive.  
  Our stock price historically has been, and may continue to be, volatile. Various factors contribute to the volatility of our stock price, including, for example, quarterly variations in our financial results, new product introductions by us or our competitors and general economic and market conditions. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our largest stockholders, or the perception that such sales could occur, could also contribute to the volatility or our stock price. While we cannot predict the individual effect that any of these factors may have on the market price of our common stock, these factors, either individually or in the aggregate, could result in significant volatility in our stock price during any given period of time. Moreover, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock often are subject to securities class action litigation. Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management's attention and resources. 
  Current uncertainty in the global financial markets and the global economy may negatively affect the value of our investment portfolio. 
  Our investment portfolio, which includes investments in money market funds, bank deposits and a separately managed investment portfolio, is generally subject to credit, liquidity, counterparty, market and interest rate risks that may be exacerbated by a global financial crisis or by uncertainty surrounding the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. If the banking system or the fixed income, credit or equity markets deteriorate or remain volatile, our investment portfolio may be impacted and the values and liquidity of our investments could be adversely affected. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

Future issuances of our common stock could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and our ability to raise funds in new stock offerings.  
  Future issuances of substantial amounts of our common stock, whether in the public market or through private placements, including issuances in connection with acquisition activities, or the perception that such issuances could occur, could adversely affect prevailing trading prices of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or equity-related securities. In connection with past acquisitions, we issued a substantial number of shares of our common stock as transaction consideration or contingent consideration. We may continue to issue equity securities for future acquisitions, which would dilute existing stockholders, perhaps significantly depending on the terms of such acquisitions. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, that future sales of shares of common stock, or the availability of shares of common stock for future sale, will have on the trading price of our common stock. 
  Our business could be negatively affected as a result of the actions of activist stockholders. 
  Responding to actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupting our operations and diverting the attention of management and our employees. Furthermore, any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction could result in the loss of potential business opportunities, and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners. 

15 

Table of Contents  

Item 1B. 
    Unresolved Staff Comments 
     None. 
   
           Item 2. 
    Properties 
     Our corporate headquarters are located in Burlington, Massachusetts. As of   September 30, 2016  , we leased approximately   1.4 million   square feet of building space, primarily in the United States, and to a lesser extent, in Europe, Canada, Japan and the Asia-Pacific regions. Larger leased sites include properties located in: Montreal, Canada; Sunnyvale, California; and Bangalore, India. In addition, we own 130,000 square feet of building space located in Melbourne, Florida. 
  We also include in the total square feet leased space leased in specialized data centers in Massachusetts, Texas, Washington, the United Kingdom and smaller facilities around the world.  
  We believe our existing facilities and equipment, which are used by all of our operating segments, are in good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of our business.  
   
           Item 3. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     Similar to many companies in the software industry, we are involved in a variety of claims, demands, suits, investigations and proceedings that arise from time to time relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to contracts, intellectual property, employment, benefits and securities matters. We have estimated the amount of probable losses that may result from all currently pending matters, and such amounts are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. These recorded amounts are material neither to our consolidated financial position nor results of operations and no additional material losses related to these pending matters are reasonably possible. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters with certainty, we do not expect the results of any of these actions to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. However, each of these matters is subject to uncertainties, the actual losses may prove to be larger or smaller than the accruals reflected in our consolidated financial statements, and we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     Not applicable. 
  
   16 

Table of Contents  

PART II 

Item 5. 
    Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     Market Information 
  Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol  NUAN . The following table sets forth, for our fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low sales prices of our common stock, in each case as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 

Holders 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , there were   676   stockholders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners represented by these record holders. 
    
  Dividend Policy 
  We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently expect to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business, or to purchase common stock under our share repurchase program and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Furthermore, the terms of our debt agreements place restrictions on our ability to pay dividends, except for stock dividends. 
    
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
  On April 29, 2013, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program for up to   $500.0 million   of our outstanding shares of common stock. On April 29, 2015, our Board of Directors approved an additional   $500.0 million   under our share repurchase program. The plan has no expiration date. There were no repurchases under the program during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  For the majority of restricted stock units granted to employees, the number of shares issued on the date the restricted stock units vest is net of a number of shares equal in value to the minimum statutory income withholding tax requirements. We withhold these shares and pay the applicable withholding amounts in cash to the applicable taxing authorities on behalf of our employees. We do not consider these transactions to be common stock repurchases. 
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, we issued   403,325   shares of our common stock to our partner in a healthcare collaboration agreement as settlement for a buy-out option and   5,749,807   shares of our common stock as consideration for our acquisition of TouchCommerce, Inc. All of the preceding shares were issued in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof because the issuance did not involve a public offering. 
  
   17 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
    Selected Consolidated Financial Data 
     The following selected consolidated financial data is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations and should be read in conjunction with  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 7. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     The following Management s Discussion and Analysis is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of our business. Management s Discussion and Analysis is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
  Trends in Our Business 
  We are a leading provider of voice recognition and natural language understanding solutions. Our solutions and technologies are used in the healthcare, mobile, consumer, enterprise customer service, and imaging markets. We are seeing several trends in our markets, including (i) the growing adoption of cloud-based, connected services and highly interactive mobile applications, (ii) deeper integration of virtual assistant capabilities and services, and (iii) the continued expansion of our core technology portfolio from speech recognition to natural language understanding, semantic processing, domain-specific reasoning, dialog management capabilities, artificial intelligence, and biometric speaker authentication. 
  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reorganized the organizational management and oversight of our Dragon Consumer business, which was previously reported within our Mobile segment and has now been moved into our Healthcare segment. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reclassified certain government payroll incentive credits previously reported in the general and administrative expense to research and development expense, cost of revenue and sales and marketing.  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

Accordingly, the segment results in prior periods have been recast to conform to the current period segment presentation. These changes had no impact on consolidated net income or cash flows in any period. 
  Confronted by dramatic increases in electronic information, consumers, business personnel and healthcare professionals must use a variety of resources to retrieve information, transcribe patient records, conduct transactions and perform other job-related functions. We believe that the power of our solutions can transform the way people use the Internet, telecommunications systems, electronic medical records ("EMR"), wireless and mobile networks and related corporate infrastructure to conduct business. 
             
    Healthcare.    Trends in our healthcare business include growing customer preference for hosted solutions and subscription-based license models and increased use of mobile devices to access healthcare systems and create clinical documentation within electronic health record systems. In addition, we experienced growing demand in bundled arrangements, combining our Dragon Medical and hosted transcription offerings. The volume processed in our hosted transcription services has continued to experience erosion as customers adopt electronic medical record systems and our Dragon Medical solutions. This decline has been partially offset by new customer wins and the increased sale of bundled arrangements of our transcription and Dragon Medical solutions. We have also experienced some decline in our licensed Dragon Medical product sales as customers shift toward Dragon Medical cloud and subscription offerings, and we expect these trends to continue into fiscal year 2017. These cloud offerings are enabling the expansion of our Dragon Medical solutions to include new clinical language understanding and artificial intelligence innovations, providing real time queries to the physician at the point of care. We believe an important trend in the healthcare market is the desire to improve efficiency in the coding and revenue cycle management process. Our solutions reduce costs by increasing automation of this important workflow and also enable hospitals to improve documentation used to support billings. The industry s recent shift in international classification of diseases ("ICD") from ICD-9 to ICD-10, together with evolving reimbursement reform that is increasingly focused on clinical outcomes, has increased the complexity of the clinical documentation and coding processes. This recent shift is reinforcing our customers  desire for improved efficiency. We are investing to expand our product set to address the various opportunities, including deeper integration with our clinical documentation solutions; investing in our cloud-based products and operations; entering new and adjacent markets such as ambulatory care; and expanding our international capabilities. 

Mobile.    Trends in our mobile business include automotive OEMs differentiating using voice and content to provide an enhanced experience for drivers; consumer electronics companies and cable operators competing to develop virtual assistant technologies for the home; geographic expansion of our mobile operator services; and, the adoption of our technology on a broadening scope of devices, such as televisions, set-top boxes, and third-party applications. The more powerful capabilities within automobiles and mobile devices require us to supply a broader portfolio of specialized virtual assistants and connected services providing voice recognition, content integration, text-to-speech, and natural language understanding capabilities. Within given levels of our technology set, we have seen growth opportunities limited by the consolidation of the handset market to a small number of customers as well as increased competition in voice recognition and natural language solutions and services sold to OEMs. We continue to see demand involving the sale and delivery of both software and non-software related services, as well as products to help customers define, design and implement increasingly robust and complex custom solutions such as virtual assistants. We continue to see an increasing proportion of revenue from on-demand and transactional arrangements as opposed to traditional perpetual licensing of our Mobile products and solutions. Although this has a negative impact on near-term revenue, we believe this model will build more predictable revenues over time. We are investing in the expansion of the cloud capabilities and content of our automotive solutions; machine learning technologies, expansion across the IoT in our devices solutions; and go-to market strategies with mobile operators. 

Enterprise.    Trends in our enterprise business include increasing interest in the use of mobile applications and web sites to access customer care systems and records, voice-based authentication of users, increasing interest in coordinating actions and data across customer care channels, and the ability of a broader set of hardware providers and systems integrators to serve the market. In addition, for large enterprise businesses around the world, customer service interactions are accelerating toward more pervasive digital engagement across web, mobile and social platforms. In order to acquire and retain customers, enterprises need to be able to provide a customer service experience when and how the customer desires. This is creating a growing market opportunity for our enterprise business, and with the acquisition of TouchCommerce, Inc., which closed during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, we will be able to provide an end-to-end engagement platform that merges intelligent self-service with assisted service to increase customer satisfaction, strengthen customer loyalty and improve business results. In fiscal year   2016  , revenues and bookings from on-demand solutions continued to increase, as a growing proportion of customers choose our cloud-based solutions for call center, web and mobile customer care solutions. We expect these trends to continue in fiscal year   2017  . We are investing to extend our technology capabilities with intelligent self-service and artificial intelligence for customer service; expand  
     
   19 

     Table of Contents  

our on-demand multichannel cloud to international markets; expand our sales and solutions for voice biometrics; and expand our on-premise product and services portfolio.  

Imaging.    The imaging market is evolving to include more networked solutions to multi-function printing devices, as well as more mobile access to those networked solutions, and away from packaged software. We are investing to merge the scan and print technology platforms to improve mobile access to our solutions and technologies; expand our distribution channels and embedding relationships; and expand our language coverage for OCR in order to drive a more comprehensive and compelling offering to our partners. 
       
  Key Metrics 
  In evaluating the financial condition and operating performance of our business, management focuses on revenue, net income, gross margins, operating margins, cash flow from operations, and changes in deferred revenue. A summary of these key financial metrics is as follows:  
  For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015  : 

Operating margins   increased   by   4.3   percentage points to   7.1%  ; 
      As of   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   September 30, 2015  : 
             
    Total deferred revenue increased   10.2%   to   $736.1 million   driven by growth in our on-demand automotive business in our Mobile segment as well as growth in maintenance and support contracts. 
       
  In addition to the above key financial metrics, we also focus on certain operating metrics. A summary of these key operating metrics as of and for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  , is as follows: 
             
    Net new bookings increased   3.6%   from one year ago to   $1.5 billion  . The net new booking growth was led by our Healthcare and Enterprise segments. 
     Bookings represent the estimated gross revenue value of transactions at the time of contract execution, except for maintenance and support offerings. For fixed price contracts, the bookings value represents the gross total contract value. For contracts where revenue is based on transaction volume, the bookings value represents the contract price multiplied by the estimated future transaction volume during the contract term, whether or not such transaction volumes are guaranteed under a minimum commitment clause. Actual results could be different than our initial estimate. The maintenance and support bookings value represents the amounts the customer is invoiced in the period. Because of the inherent estimates required to determine bookings and the fact that the actual resultant revenue may differ from our initial bookings estimates, we consider bookings one indicator of potential future revenue and not as an arithmetic measure of backlog. 
  Net new bookings represents the estimated revenue value at the time of contract execution from new contractual arrangements or the estimated revenue value incremental to the portion of value that will be renewed under pre-existing arrangements. 
             
    Segment recurring revenue represented   69.7%   and   66.4%   of total segment revenue in fiscal years   2016   and   2015  , respectively. Segment recurring revenue represents the sum of recurring product and licensing, on-demand, and maintenance and support revenues as well as the portion of professional services revenue delivered under ongoing contracts. Recurring product and licensing revenue comprises term-based and ratable licenses as well as revenues from royalty arrangements; 
                
    Annualized line run-rate in our healthcare on-demand solutions decreased   9.0%   from one year ago to approximately   4.8   billion lines per year. The annualized line run-rate is determined using billed equivalent line counts in a given quarter, multiplied by four; and 
     
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Estimated three-year value of total on-demand contracts increased   6.0%   from one year ago to approximately   $2.4 billion  . We determine this value as of the end of the period reported, by using our estimate of three years of anticipated future revenue streams under signed on-demand contracts then in place, whether or not they are guaranteed through a minimum commitment clause. Our estimate is based on assumptions used in evaluating the contracts and determining sales compensation, adjusted for changes in estimated launch dates, actual volumes achieved and other factors deemed relevant. For contracts with an expiration date beyond three years, we include only the value expected within three years. For other contracts, we assume renewal consistent with historic renewal rates unless there is a known cancellation. Contracts are generally priced by volume of usage and typically have no or low minimum commitments. Actual revenue could vary from our estimates due to factors such as cancellations, non-renewals or volume fluctuations. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Total Revenues 
  The following tables show total revenues by product type and revenue by geographic location, based on the location of our customers, in dollars and percentage change (dollars in millions): 

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015    
  The geographic split for fiscal year   2016   was   71%   of total revenue in the United States and   29%   internationally, as compared to   73%   of total revenue in the United States and   27%   internationally for the same period last year. 
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014    
  The geographic split for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 was   73%   of total revenue in the United States and   27%   internationally. International revenue was negatively impacted by weakening foreign currencies offset by an increase in revenue driven by an acquisition in fiscal year 2015.  
  Product and Licensing Revenue 
  Product and licensing revenue primarily consists of sales and licenses of our technology. The following table shows product and licensing revenue, in dollars and as a percentage of total revenues (dollars in millions):    

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  The   decrease   in product and licensing revenue consisted of a $26.2 million decrease in our Mobile segment and a $24.1 million decrease in our Healthcare segment, partially offset by a $13.7 million increase in our Enterprise segment and a $9.6 million increase in our Imaging segment. The revenue decrease in our Mobile business was driven by a decline in handset revenues resulting from deterioration in mature markets, partially offset by revenue growth in our automotive business. The revenue decrease in our Healthcare segment was mainly driven by lower revenues from our licensed Dragon Medical product sales as we transition from perpetual to cloud and subscription models. These decreases were partially offset with higher license sales primarily related to our on-premise solutions within our Enterprise segment and our print management and capture products within our Imaging segment. 
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

As a percentage of total revenue, product and licensing revenue decreased from 36.1% to 34.3% for the year ended September 30, 2016. This decrease was primarily driven by our recent acquisitions which have a higher proportion of professional services and hosting revenue as well as continued transition from perpetual licensing model to term-licensing model, which is recognized over time, and to cloud and subscription models. 
    
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  The decrease in product and licensing revenue consisted of a $25.5 million decrease in our Healthcare business, partially offset by a $12.6 million increase in our Mobile business. The decrease in Healthcare revenue was driven primarily by a $14.5 million decrease in Dragon solutions sales and lower license sales of our clinical documentation solutions as we continue to see a shift toward a term-licensing model. Within our Mobile business, license sales in our automotive business increased $25.2 million, partially offset by a $10.2 million decrease in our handset solutions as the device market continues to consolidate.  
  As a percentage of total revenue, product and licensing revenue decreased from 37.0% to 36.1% for the year ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily driven by our recent acquisitions which have a higher proportion of on-demand hosting revenue. Within product and licensing revenue, we are also seeing transition from perpetual licensing model to term-licensing model which is recognized over time.  
  Professional Services and Hosting Revenue 
  Professional services revenue primarily consists of consulting, implementation and training services for customers. Hosting revenue primarily relates to delivering on-demand hosted services, such as medical transcription, automated customer care applications, mobile operator services, and mobile infotainment, search and transcription, over a specified term. The following table shows professional services and hosting revenue, in dollars and as a percentage of total revenues (dollars in millions):    

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  The   increase   in professional services and hosting revenue was driven by a $20.8 million increase in hosting revenue and a $15.1 million increase in professional services revenue. In our hosting business, Mobile hosting revenue grew $21.9 million primarily driven by continued trend toward cloud-based services in our automotive and devices solutions. Enterprise hosting revenue increased $19.7 million. These increases were partially offset by a $20.8 million decrease in the Healthcare hosting revenue as we continue to experience erosion in our transcription services owed in part to the growing penetration of our Dragon Medical cloud and subscription offerings. In our professional services business, the revenue increase was driven primarily by a $13.6 million increase in our Healthcare segment driven by a recent acquisition. 
    
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  The increase in professional services and hosting revenue was driven by a $19.3 million increase in hosting revenue offset by a $10.7 million decrease in professional services revenue. In our hosting business, Mobile on-demand revenue grew $21.2 million driven by a continued trend toward cloud services in our automotive and devices solutions, as well as a recent acquisition in our mobile operator services. Enterprise on-demand revenue grew $7.3 million. These increases were offset by a $9.2 million decrease in Healthcare hosting revenue as we continue to experience some volume erosion in our transcription solutions. In our professional services business, Enterprise professional services revenue decreased $20.2 million driven by lower professional services from our on-premise solutions, partially offset by a $10.5 million increase in Healthcare professional services driven by our CDI and coding solutions. 
  As a percentage of total revenue, professional services and hosting revenue increased from 47.3% for the year ended September 30, 2014 to 47.6% for the year ended September 30, 2015. This increase was driven by our recent acquisitions which have a higher proportion of professional services and hosting revenue. The increase also includes the continuing shift toward on-demand and hosting services in our Mobile segment and Enterprise segment.  
  Maintenance and Support Revenue 
  Maintenance and support revenue primarily consists of technical support and maintenance services. The following table shows maintenance and support revenue, in dollars and as a percentage of total revenues (dollars in millions): 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  The   increase   in maintenance and support revenue was driven primarily by maintenance renewals in our Imaging segment and prior year license sales in our Healthcare segment, partially offset by a decline in maintenance renewals in our Mobile segment. 
    
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  The increase in maintenance and support revenue was driven by strong maintenance renewals, including an increase of $11.1 million in Healthcare maintenance and support revenue and an increase of $5.9 million in Imaging maintenance and support revenue. 
   
  COSTS AND EXPENSES 
    
  Cost of Product and Licensing Revenue 
  Cost of product and licensing revenue primarily consists of material and fulfillment costs, manufacturing and operations costs and third-party royalty expenses. The following table shows the cost of product and licensing revenue, in dollars and as a percentage of product and licensing revenue (dollars in millions):    

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  The   decrease   in cost of product and licensing revenue was primarily driven by lower costs in our Mobile and Healthcare segments. Gross margins increased   0.3   percentage points, primarily driven by higher revenues from higher margin license products in our Enterprise and Imaging segments. 
    
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared to   Fiscal Year 2014 
  This   decrease   in cost of product and licensing revenue was primarily driven by a $3.4 million decrease in costs within our Imaging segment. Gross margins increased   0.5   percentage points, primarily driven by higher revenues from higher margin license products in our Mobile business.  
  Cost of Professional Services and Hosting Revenue 
  Cost of professional services and hosting revenue primarily consists of compensation for services personnel, outside consultants and overhead, as well as the hardware, infrastructure and communications fees that support our hosting solutions. The following table shows the cost of professional services and hosting revenue, in dollars and as a percentage of professional services and hosting revenue (dollars in millions):    

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  The   increase   in cost of professional services and hosting revenue was primarily driven by higher professional services compensation expense in our Healthcare segment and higher hosting services expenses in our Enterprise segment driven by recent  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

acquisitions. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in medical transcription expense and Mobile cloud-based services expenses as a result of our cost-savings initiatives including our on-going efforts to move costs and activities to lower-cost countries. Gross margins increased   1.7   percentage points primarily driven by margin expansion in our cloud-based services within our Mobile segment, partially offset by higher professional services revenue in our Healthcare segment which carries a lower gross margin. 
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  The   decrease   in cost of professional services and hosting revenue was due to a $8.4 million and a $8.1 million reduction in costs in our Enterprise and Healthcare segments, respectively, driven by lower compensation related expense and our on-going efforts to move costs to lower-cost countries during the fiscal year. These decreases were partially offset by a $3.2 million increase in costs within our Mobile business driven by investment in our connected services infrastructure. Gross margins improved   2.1   percentage points primarily driven by our cost-savings initiatives including the impact from our on-going efforts to move costs to lower-cost countries in our Healthcare business as well as higher revenues from higher margin hosting services in our Mobile business. 
  Cost of Maintenance and Support Revenue 
  Cost of maintenance and support revenue primarily consists of compensation for product support personnel and overhead. The following table shows cost of maintenance and support revenue, in dollars and as a percentage of maintenance and support revenue (dollars in millions): 

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  The   decrease   in cost of maintenance and support revenue was primarily driven by lower compensation related expense. Gross margins increased   0.6   percentage points primarily driven by higher maintenance and support revenue in our Healthcare and Imaging segments. 
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  The   increase   in cost of maintenance and support revenue was related to an acquisition in our Imaging segment that was completed during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014. Gross margins were flat. 
  Research and Development Expense 
  Research and development expense primarily consists of salaries, benefits, and overhead relating to engineering staff as well as third party engineering costs. The following table shows research and development expense, in dollars and as a percentage of total revenues (dollars in millions):    

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  The   decrease   in research and development expense was primarily attributable to a reduction of $26.7 million in total compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, as we benefited from our cost-savings initiatives including our restructuring plans executed during the period and our on-going efforts to move costs and activities to lower-cost countries during the fiscal year. 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  The   decrease   in research and development expense was primarily attributable to a reduction of $17.2 million in costs associated with the expiration of collaboration agreements. In addition, compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, decreased $6.5 million as we benefited from our cost-savings initiatives including the impact from our restructuring plan executed during the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 and our on-going efforts to move costs to lower-cost countries during the fiscal year. 
  Sales and Marketing Expense 
  Sales and marketing expense includes salaries and benefits, commissions, advertising, direct mail, public relations, tradeshow costs and other costs of marketing programs, travel expenses associated with our sales organization and overhead. The following table shows sales and marketing expense, in dollars and as a percentage of total revenues (dollars in millions):    

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  The   decrease   in sales and marketing expense was primarily attributable to a $6.1 million decrease in marketing and channel program spending, a $4.6 million decrease in travel related expenses, and a $3.8 million decrease in total compensation costs, including stock-based compensation expense, as we benefited from our cost-saving initiatives including our restructuring plans executed during the period. In addition, sales and marketing expense decreased $4.0 million as a result of the conclusion of exclusive commercialization rights under a collaboration agreement during the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. 
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  The   decrease   in sales and marketing expense was primarily attributable to a $19.7 million decrease in marketing and channel program spending and a $3.1 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense driven by lower headcount. These decreases were partially offset by an increase of $8.0 million in expense for exclusive commercialization rights under a collaboration agreement. 
  General and Administrative Expense 
  General and administrative expense primarily consists of personnel costs for administration, finance, human resources, general management, fees for external professional advisers including accountants and attorneys, and provisions for doubtful accounts. The following table shows general and administrative expense, in dollars and as a percentage of total revenues (dollars in millions):    

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  The   decrease   in general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to a $15.8 million decrease in total compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, as we benefited from our cost-savings initiatives including the impact from our restructuring plans executed during the period as well as our on-going efforts to move costs and activities to lower-cost countries during the fiscal year. 
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  The   decrease   in general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to a $9.5 million decrease in compensation costs, including stock-based compensation, as we benefited from our cost-savings initiatives including the impact from our restructuring plan executed during the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 as well as our on-going efforts to move costs to lower-cost countries during the fiscal year. The decrease in expense was partially offset by a $5.8 million increase in consulting and professional services fees.  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Amortization of Intangible Assets 
  Amortization of acquired patents and core and completed technology are included in cost of revenue and the amortization of acquired customer and contractual relationships, non-compete agreements, acquired trade names and trademarks, and other intangibles are included in operating expenses. Customer relationships are amortized on an accelerated basis based upon the pattern in which the economic benefits of the customer relationships are being realized. Other identifiable intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense was recorded as follows (dollars in millions):    

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  Amortization of intangible assets expense for fiscal year 2016 increased   $2.6 million  , as compared to fiscal year 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to acquired customer relationship assets from recent acquisitions. 
  Based on our balance of amortizable intangible assets as of September 30, 2016, and assuming no impairment or change in useful lives, we expect amortization of intangible assets for fiscal year 2017 to be approximately   $164.0 million  . 
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  Amortization of intangible assets expense for fiscal year 2015 decreased   $1.8 million  , as compared to fiscal year 2014. The decrease in amortization of intangible assets during fiscal year 2015 was primarily attributable to certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized in the period, partially offset by an increase in amortization attributable to acquired patent and technology assets during fiscal year 2015. 
  Acquisition-Related Costs, Net 
  Acquisition-related costs include costs related to business and other acquisitions, including potential acquisitions. These costs consist of (i) transition and integration costs, including retention payments, transitional employee costs and earn-out payments treated as compensation expense, as well as the costs of integration-related activities, including services provided by third-parties; (ii) professional service fees and expenses, including financial advisory, legal, accounting, and other outside services incurred in connection with acquisition activities, and disputes and regulatory matters related to acquired entities; and (iii) adjustments to acquisition-related items that are required to be marked to fair value each reporting period, such as contingent consideration, and other items related to acquisitions for which the measurement period has ended, such as gains or losses on settlements of pre-acquisition contingencies. Acquisition-related costs were recorded as follows (dollars in millions):    

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  Transition and integration costs, net for fiscal year 2016 decreased $4.0 million as compared to fiscal year 2015. Fiscal year   2015   transition and integration costs included   $6.1 million   of contingent payments that were accounted for as compensation expense. Acquisition-related adjustments for fiscal year   2015   was income of $4.1 million, which included fair value adjustment for contingent acquisition payments and other items related to acquisitions for which the measurement period has ended. 
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  Acquisition-related costs, net for fiscal year 2015 decreased $9.8 million, as compared to fiscal year 2014. Fiscal year 2014 transition and integration costs include acquisition related contingent payments that were accounted for as compensation expense. In addition, fiscal year 2014 acquisition-related adjustments includes income of $7.7 million related to the elimination of contingent liabilities established in the original allocation of purchase price for acquisitions closed in fiscal years 2008 and 2007 following the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. 
  Restructuring and Other Charges, Net 
  Restructuring and other charges, net include restructuring expenses together with other charges that are unusual in nature and are the result of unplanned events, and arise outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Restructuring expenses consist of employee severance costs and may also include charges for excess facility space and other contract termination costs. Other charges may include gains or losses on non-controlling strategic equity interests, litigation contingency reserves and gains or losses on the sale or disposition of certain non-strategic assets or product lines. 
    
  Restructuring and other charges, net by component and segment for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Fiscal     Year     2016 
  For fiscal year   2016  , we recorded restructuring charges of   $24.7 million  . The restructuring charges included   $13.1 million   for severance related to the reduction of approximately   452   employees as part of our initiatives to reduce costs and optimize processes. The restructuring charges also included an   $11.6 million   charge for the closure of certain excess facility space. We expect that the remaining severance payments of   $2.7 million   will be substantially paid by the end of fiscal year 2017. We expect that the remaining payments of   $11.1 million   for the closure of excess facility space will be paid through fiscal year   2025  , in accordance with the terms of the applicable leases. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

In addition, during fiscal year   2016  , we have recorded certain other charges that totaled   $0.5 million   for litigation contingency reserves. 
  Fiscal Year 2015 
  For fiscal year 2015, we recorded restructuring charges of   $18.0 million  , which included   $8.5 million   for severance related to the reduction of approximately   200   employees as part of our initiatives to reduce costs and optimize processes as well as the reduction of approximately   60   employees that eliminated duplicative positions resulting from acquisitions in fiscal year 2014. The restructuring charges also included   $9.6 million   charge for the closure of certain excess facility space, including facilities acquired from acquisitions.  
  In addition, during fiscal year 2015, we have recorded certain other charges that totaled   $5.6 million   for the impairment of certain long-lived assets as a result of our strategic realignment of our product portfolio and litigation contingency reserves. 
  Fiscal Year 2014 
  For fiscal year 2014, we recorded net restructuring charges of   $16.5 million  , which included a   $13.3 million   severance charge related to the reduction of headcount by approximately   250   employees across multiple functions including the impact of eliminating duplicative positions resulting from acquisitions, and   $3.2 million   primarily resulting from the restructuring of facilities that will no longer be utilized. 
  In addition, during fiscal year 2014, we have recorded certain other charges that totaled   $2.9 million   primarily for litigation contingency reserves. 
  Other Expense, Net    
  Other expense, net   consists of interest income, interest expense, gain (loss) from security price guarantee derivatives, gain (loss) from foreign exchange, and gain (loss) from other non-operating activities. The following table shows   other expense, net  , in dollars and as a percentage of total revenues (dollars in millions):    

Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  Interest expense for fiscal year 2016 increased   $14.1 million  , as compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily driven by the issuance of the   $676.5 million     1.00%   convertible senior debentures in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. Other expense, net for fiscal year 2016 decreased   $11.0 million   primarily due to a   $17.7 million   loss on extinguishment of debt resulting from the partial exchange of our 2031 debentures in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015. 
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  Total other expense for fiscal year 2015 increased $1.8 million, as compared to fiscal year 2014. The net increase in expense was driven by a $17.7 million loss on extinguishment of debt resulting from the partial exchange of our 2031 debentures in fiscal year 2015, offset by the reduction in interest expense due to the redemption of the $250.0 million 2.75% convertible debentures in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014. 
  Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
  The following table shows the provision (benefit) for income taxes and the effective income tax rate (dollars in millions): 

28 

     Table of Contents  

Our effective income tax rate is influenced by the level and mix of earnings and losses by taxing jurisdiction in combination with the applicable differences between U.S. and foreign tax rates. Accordingly, changes in the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax income in the current year can result in pre-tax income being higher or lower than the prior year in countries with lower statutory tax rates, which causes our effective income tax rate to fluctuate. The impact of such changes could be meaningful in countries with statutory income tax rates that are significantly lower than the U.S. statutory income tax rate of 35%. Our international headquarters is located in Dublin, Ireland and is our principal entity selling to customers in countries outside of North America and Japan. The international right to use U.S.-owned intellectual property resides with our Irish headquarters entity. While our Ireland subsidiaries make royalty and other payments to the United States, the majority of profits earned by the Irish entities are retained offshore to fund our future growth in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and the Asia Pacific regions. In future periods, if our foreign profits grow, we expect substantially all of our income before income taxes from foreign operations will be earned in Ireland. The statutory rate related to our Ireland profits is lower than the U.S., statutory rate and as a result we would expect our effective tax rate to decrease as profits in Ireland increase. 
  Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  Our effective income tax rate was approximately   816.4%   in fiscal year 2016, compared to approximately   (42.9)%   in fiscal year 2015. Provision for income taxes decreased   $20.3 million   in fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015 due to our subsidiaries in Ireland, and a   $22.1 million   release of domestic valuation allowance as a result of tax benefits recorded in connection with our acquisitions during the period for which a deferred tax liability was established in purchase accounting. 
  The Board approved an agreement with the Icahn Group to repurchase   26.3 million   shares of our common stock, for a total purchase price of   $500.0 million   (the  Repurchase ), which was funded with domestic and foreign cash. As a result of the repatriation, we have recorded a   $0.7 million   increase to our provision for income taxes, net of benefit from the use of U.S. Federal net operating losses and credit carryforwards. 
  Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
  Our effective income tax rate was approximately (42.9)% in fiscal year 2015, compared to approximately 3.0% in fiscal year 2014. Provision for income taxes increased $39.2 million in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014 due to a non-recurring release of domestic valuation allowance totaling $31.2 million recorded in fiscal year 2014 in connection with our recording of acquired deferred tax liabilities established in purchase accounting. In addition, our mix of pre-tax income in each year impacts our provision for income taxes. 
   
  SEGMENT ANALYSIS 
  We operate in, and report financial information for, the following   four   reportable segments: Healthcare, Mobile, Enterprise, and Imaging. Segment profit is an important measure used for evaluating performance and for decision-making purposes and reflects the direct controllable costs of each segment together with an allocation of sales and corporate marketing expenses, and certain research and development project costs that benefit multiple product offerings. Segment profit represents   income (loss) from operations   excluding stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, net, restructuring and other charges, net, costs associated with intellectual property collaboration agreements,   other expense, net   and certain unallocated corporate expenses. We believe that these adjustments allow for more complete comparisons to the financial results of the historical operations. 
  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reorganized the organizational management and oversight of our Dragon Consumer business, which was previously reported within our Mobile segment and has now been moved into our Healthcare segment. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reclassified certain government payroll incentive credits previously reported in the general and administrative expense to research and development expense, cost of revenue and sales and marketing. Accordingly, the segment results in prior periods have been recast to conform to the current period segment reporting presentation. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents segment results (dollars in millions): 

(a)   
    Segment revenues differ from reported revenues due to certain revenue adjustments related to acquisitions that would otherwise have been recognized but for the purchase accounting treatment of the business combinations. These revenues are included to allow for more complete comparisons to the financial results of historical operations and in evaluating management performance. 
       
  Segment Revenues 
    
  Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
             
    Healthcare segment revenues   decreased     $27.5 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Product and licensing revenues decreased $24.8 million driven by lower revenues from our licensed Dragon Medical product sales as we transition from perpetual to cloud and subscription models. Professional services and hosting revenues decreased $8.4 million primarily driven by a decrease of $21.7 million in hosting revenues as we continue to experience some erosion of revenue in our transcription services owed in part to the growing penetration of our Dragon Medical cloud and subscription offerings, partially offset by an increase of $13.2 million in professional services primarily from a recent acquisition. Maintenance and support revenues increased $5.8 million driven by prior year license sales. 
                
    Mobile segment revenues   decreased     $14.0 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Product and licensing revenues decreased $25.5 million and maintenance and support revenue decreased $5.0 million, owing to a decline in handset revenues from deterioration in mature markets, partially offset by the growth in recurring product and licensing revenue in our automotive business. Professional services and hosting revenues increased $16.5 million driven primarily by a continued trend toward cloud-based services in our automotive and devices solutions. 
                
    Enterprise segment revenues   increased     $38.1 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Professional services and hosting revenues increased $23.3 million driven by higher on-demand revenue. Product and licensing revenues increased $14.0 million with strong on-premise solutions sales during the period. 
     
   30 

     Table of Contents  

Imaging segment revenues   increased     $3.8 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily driven by strong growth in our print management and capture products, partially offset by lower imaging desktop consumer product sales. 
     Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
             
    Healthcare segment revenues decreased $19.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2015, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. Maintenance and support revenue increased $11.1 million driven by strong renewals in Dragon Medical. Product and licensing revenue decreased $29.7 million driven by lower revenue from our Dragon Medical solutions as we continue to see a shift toward a term-licensing model and decreased sales from Dragon desktop consumer solutions. Professional services and hosting revenue decreased $1.0 million primarily driven by an increase of $7.3 million in professional services from both of our CDI and coding solutions and Diagnostic solutions, offset by a $8.3 million decrease in hosting revenue as we continue to experience some erosion of revenue in our transcription services.  
                
    Mobile segment revenues increased $27.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2015, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. Professional services and hosting revenue increased $18.7 million driven primarily by growth in our mobile connected services. Product and licensing revenue increased $12.6 million driven by sales increase of automotive business. Maintenance and support revenue decreased $3.4 million resulting from a decrease in sales of our embedded licenses as the device market continues to consolidate. 
                
    Enterprise segment revenues decreased $17.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2015, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. Professional services and hosting revenues decreased $17.5 million driven by lower sales in customer care on-premise implementations which has been challenged by customers' growing preference for on-demand implementation. 
                
    Imaging segment revenues increased $1.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2015, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2014, primarily driven by revenues from a recent acquisition, partially offset by continued declines in our desktop product sales. 
     Segment Profit 
    
  Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
             
    Healthcare segment profit for the year ended   September 30, 2016     decreased     8.7%   from the same period last year, primarily driven by lower gross profit. Segment profit margin   decreased     2.1   percentage points, from   34.3%   for the same period last year to   32.2%   during the current period. The decrease in segment profit margin was primarily driven by lower gross margins of 2.0 percentage points due to a shift in mix towards a higher percentage of professional services revenue. 

Mobile segment profit for the year ended   September 30, 2016     increased     23.2%   from the same period last year, primarily driven by lower expenses. Segment profit margin   increased     7.7   percentage points, from   27.7%   for the same period last year to   35.4%   during the current period. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by our cost savings and process optimization initiatives with improvements of 6.4 percentage points due to lower operating expenses and a 1.3 percentage points improvement in gross margin driven by margin expansion in our cloud-based services. 

Enterprise segment profit for the year ended   September 30, 2016     increased     37.8%   from the same period last year, primarily driven by increased gross profit. Segment profit margin   increased     6.5   percentage points, from   27.0%   for the same period last year to   33.5%   in the current period. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by our cost savings and process optimization initiatives with improvements of 3.7 percentage points due to lower operating expenses and a 2.9 percentage point improvement in gross margin due to improved operational efficiencies within our professional services and hosting services. 

Imaging segment profit for the year ended   September 30, 2016     increased     12.9%   from the same period last year, primarily driven by lower expenses and increased gross profit. Segment profit margin   increased     4.2   percentage points, from   37.6%   for the same period last year to of   41.7%   during the current period. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by our cost savings and process optimization initiatives with improvements of 3.0 percentage points due to operating expenses and 1.2 percentage points due to improved gross margin. 
     
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Fiscal Year 2015   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2014 
             
    Healthcare segment profit for the year ended September 30, 2015   decreased     0.9%   from the same period last year, primarily driven by increased research and development. Segment profit margin   increased     0.3   percentage points, from   34.0%   for the same period last year to   34.3%   during the current period. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by a 1.0 percentage point margin improvement resulting from lower sales and marketing expense offset by a decrease of 0.7 percentage points in margin due to increased research and development spending driven by incremental costs associated with a collaboration agreement. 

Mobile segment profit for the year ended September 30, 2015   increased     48.2%   from the same period last year, primarily driven by increased revenues and lower operating expenses. Segment profit margin   increased     7.6   percentage points, from   20.1%   for the same period last year to   27.7%   during the current period. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by our cost savings and process optimization initiatives with improvements of 3.7 percentage points related to decreased research and development spending, 1.9 percentage points related to lower sales and marketing expenses, and 1.8 percentage points in gross margin improvement. 

Enterprise segment profit for the year ended September 30, 2015   increased     3.7%   from the same period last year, driven by lower operating expense partially offset by impact from lower revenues. Segment profit margin   increased     2.2   percentage points, from   24.8%   for the same period last year to   27.0%   in the current period. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by our cost savings and process optimization initiatives with improvements of 0.9 percentage point due to higher segment gross margins, 0.9 percentage point due to lower sales and marketing expenses and 0.4 percentage point due to decreased research and development spending. 

Imaging segment profit for the year ended September 30, 2015   increased     0.3%   from the same period last year, driven by improved gross profit partially offset by higher sales and marketing expenses. Segment profit margin   decreased     0.1   percentage point, from   37.7%   for the same period last year to of   37.6%   during the current period.  
      
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled   $608.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , an   increase of     $39.3 million   as compared to   $568.8 million   as of   September 30, 2015  . Our working capital was   $347.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to   $360.2 million   of working capital as of   September 30, 2015  . As of   September 30, 2016  , our total accumulated deficit was   $429.0 million  . We do not expect our accumulated deficit to impact our future ability to operate the business given our cash and strong operating cash flow positions. 
  Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities held by our international operations totaled   $116.5 million   and   $164.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. We utilize a variety of financing strategies to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. We have authorized the repatriation of   $250.0 million   foreign earnings previously considered indefinitely reinvested to fund the Board approved share repurchase transaction from the Icahn Group, of which   $189.0 million   was repatriated in fiscal year 2016 and   $61.0 million   remains available for repatriation in the future. This one-time event does not change our ability or intent to indefinitely reinvest unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and we expect the cash held overseas will continue to be used for our international operations. We will meet U.S. liquidity needs through future cash flows, use of U.S. cash balances, external borrowings, or some combination of these sources and therefore do not anticipate repatriating additional funds beyond the above expectation for this one-time repurchase transaction from the Icahn Group. 
  As we begin fiscal year 2017, our plans incorporate the use of   $100.0 million   in cash to repurchase shares of our common stock and   $100.0 million   in cash to repurchase or call outstanding debt securities. Our actual actions will depend upon various factors, foremost among them being our share price, interest rates, organic and inorganic investment opportunities, and our cash flow generation. 
  We believe our current cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash flow from operations are sufficient to meet our operating needs for at least the next twelve months. 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

Cash provided by operating activities 
  Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year   2016   was   $565.8 million  ,   an increase   of   $78.2 million  , or   16%  , as compared to cash provided by operating activities of   $487.6 million   for fiscal year   2015  . The net   increase   was primarily driven by the following factors: 
             
    An increase   of   $56.2 million   in cash flows resulting from a lower net loss, exclusive of non-cash adjustment items; 
                
    An increase   of   $95.4 million   in cash flows generated by changes in working capital excluding deferred revenue; and 
                
    Partially offset by   a decrease   in cash inflows of   $73.4 million   from deferred revenue. Deferred revenue contributed cash inflow of $61.7 million in fiscal year 2016, as compared to $135.2 million in fiscal year 2015. The deferred revenue growth in fiscal year 2016 was driven primarily by our on-demand automotive business in our Mobile segment as well as growth in maintenance and support contracts. 
     Fiscal Year 2015   Compared to   Fiscal Year 2014 
  Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2015 was $487.6 million, an increase of $129.5 million, or 36%, as compared to cash provided by operating activities of $358.1 million for fiscal year 2014. The net increase was primarily driven by the following factors: 
             
    An increase of $94.8 million in cash flows resulting from a lower net loss, exclusive of non-cash adjustment items; 
                
    An increase of $41.3 million in cash flows generated by changes in working capital excluding deferred revenue. The increase in cash inflows was driven cash generation from accounts receivables due to 9 days of DSO improvement; and 
                
    Offset by a decrease in cash inflows of $6.7 million from deferred revenue. Deferred revenue continues to grow contributing cash inflow of $135.2 million in fiscal year 2015, as compared to $141.8 million in fiscal year 2014. The deferred revenue growth in fiscal year 2015 was driven primarily by mobile connected services and maintenance and support contracts. 
     Cash used in investing activities 
  Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  Cash used in investing activities for fiscal year   2016   was   $263.0 million  ,   an increase   of   $56.9 million  , or   28%  , as compared to cash used in investing activities of $206.1 million for fiscal year   2015  . The net   increase   was primarily driven by the following factors: 
             
    An increase in cash outflows of   $89.5 million   for business and technology acquisitions; and 
                
    Partially offset by a decrease in cash outflows of   $31.1 million   for purchases of marketable securities and other investments. 
     Fiscal Year 2015   Compared to   Fiscal Year 2014 
  Cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2015 was $206.1 million, a decrease of $104.9 million, or 34%, as compared to cash used in investing activities of $311.0 million for fiscal year 2014. The net decrease was primarily driven by the following factors: 
             
    A decrease in cash outflows of $169.7 million for business and technology acquisitions; 
                
    An increase in cash inflows of $18.9 million from the sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments; and 
                
    Offset by an increase in cash outflows of $86.1 million for purchases of marketable securities and other investments. 
     
   33 

     Table of Contents  

Cash used in financing activities 
  Fiscal Year 2016   Compared with   Fiscal Year 2015 
  Cash used in financing activities for fiscal year   2016   was   $305.1 million  ,   a decrease   of   $36.1 million  , or   11%  , as compared to cash used in financing activities of   $341.2 million   for fiscal year   2015  . The net   decrease   was primarily driven by the following factors: 
               
     A decrease in cash outflows of $99.7 million related to our share repurchase program. We repurchased   9.4 million   shares of our common stock for total cash outflows of $198.6 million in fiscal year   2016   as compared to 19.8 million shares of our common stock for total cash outflows of   $298.3 million   in fiscal year 2015; 
                
    Partially offset by an increase in cash outflows of $500.9 million related to the repurchase of 26.3 million shares of our common stock from the Icahn Group, inclusive of fees associated with the transaction; and 
                
    An increase   in cash outflows of   $11.1 million   as a result of higher cash payments required to net share settle employee equity awards due to an increase in the intrinsic value of shares vested during fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015. 
     Fiscal Year 2015   Compared to   Fiscal Year 2014 
  Cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2015 was $341.2 million, an increase of $34.0 million, or 11%, as compared to cash used in financing activities of $307.2 million for fiscal year 2014. The net increase was primarily driven by the following factors: 
             
    An increase in cash outflows of $271.8 million related to our share repurchase program. We repurchased 19.8 million shares of our common stock for total cash outflows of $298.3 million in fiscal year 2015 as compared to 1.6 million shares of our common stock for total cash outflows of $26.5 million in fiscal year 2014; 
                
    An increase in cash outflows of $17.4 million as a result of higher cash payments required to net share settle employee equity awards due to an increase in vesting during fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014; 
       Debt and Credit Facilities 
  5.375% Senior Notes due 2020  
  On   August 14, 2012  , we issued   $700.0 million   aggregate principal amount of 5.375% Senior Notes due on   August 15, 2020   in a private placement. The net proceeds were approximately   $689.1 million  , net of issuance costs, and bear interest at   5.375%   per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears. On October 22, 2012, we issued, in a private placement, an additional   $350.0 million   aggregate principal amount of our   5.375%   Senior Notes due 2020 (collectively the "Notes"). The Notes were issued pursuant to the indenture agreement dated August 14, 2012, relating to our existing   $700.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   5.375%   Senior Notes due in   2020  . Total proceeds received, net of issuance costs, were   $351.7 million  . 
  The Notes are our unsecured senior obligations and are guaranteed (the  Guarantees ) on an unsecured senior basis by certain  
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

of our domestic subsidiaries, (the  Subsidiary Guarantors ). The Notes and Guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors' existing and future unsecured senior debt and rank senior in right of payment to all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors' future unsecured subordinated debt. The Notes and Guarantees effectively rank junior to all secured debt of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt and to all liabilities, including trade payables, of our subsidiaries that have not guaranteed the Notes. 
  At any time on or after   August 15, 2016  , we may redeem all or a portion of the Notes at certain redemption prices expressed as percentages of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
  Upon the occurrence of certain asset sales or a change in control, we must offer to repurchase the Notes at a price equal to   100%  , in the case of an asset sale, or   101%  , in the case of a change of control, of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
  6.0%   Senior Notes due 2024  
  In   June 2016  , we issued   $300.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   6.0%   Senior Notes due on   July 1, 2024   (the "2024 Senior Notes") in a private placement. The proceeds from the 2024 Senior Notes were approximately   $297.5 million  , net of issuance costs. The 2024 Senior Notes bear interest at   6.0%   per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears. 
  The 2024 Senior Notes are unsecured senior obligations and are guaranteed on an unsecured senior basis by our Subsidiary Guarantors. The 2024 Senior Notes and the guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors  existing and future unsecured senior debt, including our obligations and those of each such Subsidiary Guarantor under our senior credit facility, and rank senior in right of payment to all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors  future unsecured subordinated debt. The 2024 Senior Notes and guarantees effectively rank junior to all our secured debt and that of the Subsidiary Guarantors to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt and to all liabilities, including trade payables, of our subsidiaries that have not guaranteed the 2024 Senior Notes. 
  At any time before   July 1, 2019  , we may redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to   100%   of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus a  make-whole  premium and accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time on or after   July 1, 2019  , we may redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Senior Notes at certain redemption prices expressed as percentages of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time and from time to time before   July 1, 2019  , we may redeem up to   35%   of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes with the net cash proceeds received by us from certain equity offerings at a price equal to   106%   of the aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, provided that the redemption occurs no later than   120 days   after the closing of the related equity offering, and at least   50%   of the original aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes remains outstanding immediately thereafter. 
  Upon the occurrence of certain asset sales or a change in control, we must offer to repurchase the 2024 Senior Notes at a price equal to   100%   in the case of an asset sale, or   101%   in the case of a change of control, of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
  1.0%   Convertible Debentures due 2035 
  In December 2015, we issued   $676.5 million   in aggregate principal amount of   1.0%   Senior Convertible Debentures due in 2035 (the  1.0% 2035 Debentures ). Total proceeds were   $663.8 million  , net of issuance costs, and we used a portion to repurchase   $38.3 million   in aggregate principal on our   2.75%   Senior Convertible Debentures due in 2031 (the  2031 Debentures ) and to repay the aggregate principal balance of   $472.5 million   on our term loan under the amended and restated credit agreement. The   1.0%   2035 Debentures bear interest at 1.0% per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears, beginning on June 15, 2016. In addition to ordinary interest and default additional interest, beginning with the semi-annual interest period commencing on December 15, 2022, contingent interest will accrue during any regular semi-annual interest period where the average trading price of our   1.0%   2035 Debentures for the ten trading day period immediately preceding the first day of such semi-annual period is greater than or equal to $1,200 per $1,000 principal amount of our   1.0%   2035 Debentures, in which case, contingent interest will accrue at a rate of 0.50% per annum of such average trading price. The 1.0% 2035 Debentures mature on   December 15, 2035  , subject to the right of the holders to require us to redeem the   1.0%   2035 Debentures on   December 15, 2022, 2027, or 2032  . The   1.0%   2035 Debentures are general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the   1.0%   2035 Debentures. The   1.0%   2035 Debentures will be effectively subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
  We account separately for the liability and equity components of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. The guidance requires the carrying amount of the liability component to be estimated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

conversion feature and record the remainder in stockholders  equity. At issuance, we allocated   $495.4 million   to long-term debt, and   $181.1 million   has been recorded as additional paid-in capital, which is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through December 2022.  
  If converted, the principal amount of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures is payable in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will (based on an initial conversion rate, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately   $27.22   per share, subject to adjustment) be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, only in the following circumstances and to the following extent: (i) prior to June 15, 2035, on any date during any fiscal quarter beginning after March 31, 2016 (and only during such fiscal quarter) if the closing sale price of our common stock was more than   130%   of the then current conversion price for at least   20   trading days in the period of the   30   consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous fiscal quarter; (ii) during the five consecutive business-day period following any   five   consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price for   $1,000   principal amount of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures for each day during such five trading-day period was less than   98%   of the closing sale price of our common stock multiplied by the then current conversion rate; (iii) upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, as described in the indenture for the   1.0%   2035 Debentures; or (iv) at the option of the holder at any time on or after June 15, 2035. Additionally, we may redeem the   1.0%   2035 Debentures, in whole or in part, on or after December 20, 2022 for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Each holder shall have the right, at such holder s option, to require us to repurchase all or any portion of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures held by such holder on December 15, 2022, December 15, 2027, or December 15, 2032 at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. If we undergo a fundamental change or non-stock change of control (as described in the indenture for the   1.0%   2035 Debentures) prior to maturity, holders will have the option to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their debentures for cash at a price equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. As of   September 30, 2016  , none of the conversion criteria were met for the   1.0%   2035 Debentures. If the conversion criteria were met, we could be required to repay all or some of the aggregate principal amount in cash prior to the maturity date. 
  2.75%   Convertible Debentures due 2031 
  On   October 24, 2011  , we sold   $690.0 million   of   2.75%   Convertible Debentures due in   2031   in a private placement. Total proceeds, net of issuance costs, were   $676.1 million  . The   2031   Debentures bear interest at   2.75%   per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears. The   2031   Debentures mature on   November 1, 2031  , subject to the right of the holders to require us to redeem the   2031   Debentures on   November 1, 2017, 2021, and 2026  . The   2031   Debentures are general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the   2031   Debentures. The   2031   Debentures will be effectively subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries.  
  We account separately for the liability and equity components of the   2031   Debentures in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. At issuance, we allocated   $533.6 million   to long-term debt, and   $156.4 million   has been recorded as additional paid-in capital, which is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through November 2017. 
  In June 2015, we entered into separate privately negotiated agreements with certain holders of our   2031   Debentures to exchange, in a private placement,   $256.2 million   in aggregate principal amount of our   2031   Debentures for approximately   $263.9 million   in aggregate principal amount of our 1.5% 2035 Debentures. Upon repurchase we recorded an extinguishment loss of   $17.7 million   in   other expense, net  , in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In December 2015, we entered into separate privately negotiated agreements with certain holders of our 2031 Debentures to repurchase   $38.3 million   in aggregate principal with proceeds received from the issuance of our   1.0%   2035 Debentures. Upon repurchase we recorded an extinguishment loss of   $2.4 million   in   other expense, net  , in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In accordance with the authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments, a loss on extinguishment is equal to the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt for our   2031   Debentures, including any unamortized debt discount or issuance costs. Following this activity,   $395.5 million   in aggregate principal amount of our   2031   Debentures remain outstanding. The aggregate debt discount is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through   November 2017  . 
  If converted, the principal amount of the   2031   Debentures is payable in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will (based on an initial conversion rate, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately   $32.30   per share, subject to adjustment) be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, only in the following circumstances and to the following extent: (i) on any date during any fiscal quarter (and only during such fiscal quarter) if the closing sale price of our common stock was more than   130%   of the then current conversion price for at least   20   trading days in the period of the   30   consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous fiscal quarter; (ii) during the   five   consecutive business- 
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

day period following any   five   consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price for   $1,000   principal amount of the   2031   Debentures for each day during such five trading-day period was less than   98%   of the closing sale price of our common stock multiplied by the then current conversion rate; (iii) upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, as described in the indenture for the   2031   Debentures; or (iv) at the option of the holder at any time on or after   May 1, 2031  . Additionally, we may redeem the   2031   Debentures, in whole or in part, on or after   November 6, 2017   at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. Each holder shall have the right, at such holder's option, to require us to repurchase all or any portion of the   2031   Debentures held by such holder on   November 1, 2017  ,   November 1, 2021  , and   November 1, 2026   at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. If we undergo a fundamental change (as described in the indenture for the   2031   Debentures) prior to maturity, holders will have the option to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their debentures for cash at a price equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , no conversion triggers were met. If the conversion triggers were met, we could be required to repay all or some of the aggregate principal amount in cash prior to the maturity date.  
  1.50%   Convertible Debentures due 2035 
  In June 2015, we issued   $263.9 million   in aggregate principal amount of   1.50%   Senior Convertible Debentures due in 2035 (the  1.5% 2035 Debentures ) in exchange for   $256.2 million   in aggregate principal amount of our 2031 Debentures. Total proceeds, net of issuance costs, were   $253.2 million  . The 1.5% 2035 Debentures were issued at   97.09%   of the principal amount, which resulted in a discount of   $7.7 million  . The 1.5% 2035 Debentures bear interest at   1.50%   per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears, beginning on November 1, 2015. In addition to ordinary interest and default additional interest, beginning with the semi-annual interest period commencing on November 1, 2021, contingent interest will accrue during any regular semi-annual interest period where the average trading price of our 1.5% 2035 Debentures for the ten trading day period immediately preceding the first day of such semi-annual period is greater than or equal to $1,200 per $1,000 principal amount of our 1.5% 2035 Debentures, in which case, contingent interest will accrue at a rate of 0.50% per annum of such average trading price. The 1.5% 2035 Debentures mature on November 1, 2035, subject to the right of the holders to require us to redeem the 1.5% 2035 Debentures on November 1, 2021, 2026, or 2031. The 1.5% 2035 Debentures are general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the 1.5% 2035 Debentures. The 1.5% 2035 Debentures will be effectively subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
  We account separately for the liability and equity components of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. At issuance, we allocated   $208.6 million   to long-term debt, and   $55.3 million   has been recorded as additional paid-in capital, which is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through November 2021. 
  If converted, the principal amount of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures is payable in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount, will (based on an initial conversion rate, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately   $23.26   per share, subject to adjustment) be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, only in the following circumstances and to the following extent: (i) prior to May 1, 2035, on any date during any fiscal quarter beginning after September 30, 2015 (and only during such fiscal quarter) if the closing sale price of our common stock was more than   130%   of the then current conversion price for at least   20   trading days in the period of the   30   consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous fiscal quarter; (ii) during the five consecutive business-day period following any   five   consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price for   $1,000   principal amount of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures for each day during such five trading-day period was less than   98%   of the closing sale price of our common stock multiplied by the then current conversion rate; (iii) upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, as described in the indenture for the 1.5% 2035 Debentures; or (iv) at the option of the holder at any time on or after May 1, 2035. Additionally, we may redeem the 1.5% 2035 Debentures, in whole or in part, on or after November 5, 2021 for cash at a price equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Each holder shall have the right, at such holder s option, to require us to repurchase all or any portion of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures held by such holder on November 1, 2021, November 1, 2026, or November 1, 2031 at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. Upon repurchase, we will pay the principal amount in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, with the exception that we may not elect to pay cash in lieu of more than 80% of the number of our common shares we would be obligated to deliver. If we undergo a fundamental change (as described in the indenture for the 1.5% 2035 Debentures) prior to maturity, holders will have the option to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their debentures for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , none of the conversion criteria were met for the 1.5% 2035 Debentures. If the conversion criteria were met, we could be required to repay all or some of the aggregate principal amount in cash prior to the maturity date. 
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

Revolving Credit Facility 
  In April 2016, we entered into a credit agreement that provides for a   $242.5 million   revolving credit line, including letters of credit (together, the  Revolving Credit Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility matures on April 15, 2021. As of   September 30, 2016  , issued letters of credit in the aggregate amount of   $4.0 million   were treated as issued and outstanding when calculating the borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $238.5 million   available for additional borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility. Any amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest, at either (i) LIBOR plus an applicable margin of   1.50%   or   1.75%  , or (ii) the alternative base rate plus an applicable margin of   0.50%   or   0.75%  . The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by substantially all assets of ours and our Subsidiary Guarantors. The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and conditions to borrowing, as well as customary events of default. 
  Credit Facility 
  The amended and restated credit agreement, entered into on August 7, 2013, includes a term loan and a   $75.0 million   revolving credit agreement, inclusive of any issued letters of credit (together, the "Credit Facility"). In December 2015, we repaid the aggregate principal balance of   $472.5 million   on the term loan with proceeds received from the issuance of our   1.0%   2035 Debentures. We recorded a loss of   $2.5 million   on the extinguishment, representing the unamortized debt discount and issuance costs, in   other expense, net  , in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In connection with entering into the Revolving Credit Facility on April 15, 2016, we terminated our   $75.0 million   revolving credit agreement. 
  Share Repurchase Program 
  On   April 29, 2013  , our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program for up to   $500.0 million   of our outstanding shares of common stock. On April 29, 2015, our Board of Directors approved an additional   $500.0 million   under our share repurchase program. We repurchased   9.4 million   shares for   $197.5 million   during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   under the program. These shares were retired upon repurchase. Since the commencement of the program, we have repurchased   40.7 million   shares for   $707.5 million  , including   1.0 million   shares repurchased from our Chief Executive Officer in fiscal year 2016. Approximately   $292.5 million   remained available for share repurchases as of   September 30, 2016   pursuant to our share repurchase program. Under the terms of the share repurchase program, we have the ability to repurchase shares from time to time through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods. The share repurchase program does not require us to acquire any specific number of shares and may be modified, suspended, extended or terminated by us at any time without prior notice. The timing and the amount of any purchases will be determined by management based on an evaluation of market conditions, capital allocation alternatives, and other factors.  
  In December 2015, as part of our share repurchase program, we repurchased   1.0 million   shares from our Chief Executive Officer, composed of   649,649   outstanding shares and   800,000   vested stock options with a net share equivalent of   350,351   shares, for an aggregate purchase price of   $21.4 million  . 
  In March 2016, our Board of Directors approved a repurchase agreement with the Icahn Group to repurchase   26.3 million   shares of our common stock at a price of   $19.00   per share, for a total purchase price of   $500.0 million  . 
  During fiscal year 2016, we changed our method of recognizing the amount paid to repurchase common shares in excess of the par value. Historically we allocated any excess of cost over par value between accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital. Under our new method of accounting, we recognize any excess of cost over par value in additional paid-in capital. The resulting reclassification is not considered material as there is no impact to total shareholders  equity and only represents a reclassification between individual equity line items. Accordingly, the financial data for all periods presented has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the effect of this accounting change. The cumulative effect of the change on additional paid-in capital as of September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was a decrease of approximately   $672.7 million  ,   $333.8 million  ,   $229.0 million   and   $218.2 million  , respectively, with an offsetting adjustment to accumulated deficit. 
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Contractual Obligations, Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
  Contractual Obligations 
  The following table outlines our contractual payment obligations as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in millions): 

(3)   
    Letters of Credit are in place primarily to secure future operating lease payments. 
               (4)   
    Obligations include contractual lease commitments related to facilities that were part of restructuring plans. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have subleased certain of the facilities with total sublease income of   $58.1 million   through fiscal year   2025  . 
               (5)   
    These amounts include non-cancelable purchase commitments for property and equipment as well as inventory in the normal course of business to fulfill customers  orders currently scheduled in our backlog. 
       
  The gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of   September 30, 2016   was   $27.3 million  . We do not expect a significant change in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. We estimate that none of this amount will be paid within the next year and we are currently unable to reasonably estimate the timing of payments for the remainder of the liability. 
  Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
  In connection with certain acquisitions, we may agree to make contingent cash payments to the selling shareholders of the acquired companies as deferred acquisition consideration or upon the achievement of specified objectives. As of   September 30, 2016  , we may be required to make up to   $20.1 million   of deferred acquisition consideration upon the conclusion of an indemnity period in November 2017. As of   September 30, 2016  , we may be required to make up to   $17.2 million   of additional payments to the selling shareholders contingent upon the achievement of specified objectives, including the achievement of future bookings and sales targets related to the products of the acquired entities. In addition, there are deferred payment obligations to certain former shareholders, contingent upon their continued employment. These deferred payment obligations, totaling   $20.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , are recorded as compensation expense over the applicable employment period. 
    
  Financial Instruments 
  We use financial instruments to manage our foreign exchange risk. We operate our business in countries throughout the world and transact business in various foreign currencies. Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our operations. We have a program that primarily utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to offset the risks associated with the effect of certain foreign currency exposures. Our program is designed so that increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures are offset by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts in order to mitigate the risks and volatility associated with our foreign currency transactions. Generally, we enter  
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

into such contracts for less than   90   days and have no cash requirements until maturity. At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had outstanding contracts with a total notional value of   $215.2 million   and   $138.5 million  , respectively. 
  From time to time we enter into agreements that allow us to issue shares of our common stock as part or all of the consideration related to business acquisitions, partnering and technology acquisition activities. Some of these shares are issued subject to security price guarantees, which are accounted for as derivatives. We have determined that these instruments would not be considered equity instruments if they were freestanding. Certain of the security price guarantees require payment from either us to a third party, or from a third party to us, based upon the difference between the price of our common stock on the issue date and an average price of our common stock approximately six months following the issue date. We have also issued minimum price guarantees that may require payments from us to a third party based on the average share price of our common stock approximately six months following the issue date if our stock price falls below the minimum price guarantee. Changes in the fair value of these security price guarantees are reported in   other expense, net   in our consolidated statements of operations. We have no outstanding shares subject to security price guarantees at   September 30, 2016  . During the years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2014  , we recorded   $0.2 million   and   $4.4 million  , respectively, of losses associated with these contracts and we paid cash totaling   $0.3 million   and   $5.3 million  , respectively, upon the settlement of the agreements. 
  Pension Plans 
  We sponsor certain defined benefit pension plans that are offered primarily by certain of our foreign subsidiaries. Many of these plans were assumed through our acquisitions or are required by local regulatory requirements. We may deposit funds for these plans with insurance companies, third party trustees, or into government-managed accounts consistent with local regulatory requirements, as applicable. Our total defined benefit plan pension expenses were   $0.1 million  ,   $0.3 million   and   $0.2 million   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. The aggregate projected benefit obligation and aggregate net liability of our defined benefit plans as of   September 30, 2016   was   $32.1 million   and   $8.2 million  , respectively, and as of   September 30, 2015   was   $35.5 million   and   $7.3 million  , respectively.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  Through   September 30, 2016  , we have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements or material transactions with unconsolidated entities or other persons. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition; allowance for doubtful accounts and sales returns; accounting for deferred costs; accounting for internally developed software; the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets; accounting for business combinations, including contingent consideration; accounting for stock-based compensation; accounting for derivative instruments; accounting for income taxes and related valuation allowances; and loss contingencies. Our management bases its estimates on historical experience, market participant fair value considerations, projected future cash flows and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
  We believe the following critical accounting policies most significantly affect the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require our most difficult and subjective judgments. 
    
  Revenue Recognition.    We derive revenue from the following sources: (1) software license agreements, including royalty and other usage-based arrangements, (2) professional services, (3) hosting services and (4) post-contract customer support ("PCS"). Our hosting services are generally provided through on-demand, usage-based or per transaction fee arrangements. Our revenue recognition policies for these revenue streams are discussed below. 
    
  The sale and/or license of software solutions and technology is deemed to have occurred when a customer either has taken possession of or has access to take immediate possession of the software or technology. In select situations, we sell or license intellectual property in conjunction with, or in place of, embedding our intellectual property in software. We also have non-software arrangements including hosting services where the customer does not take possession of the software at the outset of the arrangement either because they have no contractual right to do so or because significant penalties preclude them from doing so. Generally we recognize revenue when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred, (iii) the fee is fixed or determinable and (iv) collectability is probable.  

40 

     Table of Contents  

Revenue from royalties on sales of our software products by original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ), where no services are included, is recognized in the quarter earned so long as we have been notified by the OEM that such royalties are due, and provided that all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 
    
  Software arrangements generally include PCS, which includes telephone support and the right to receive unspecified upgrades/enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis, typically for   one   to   five   years. Revenue from PCS is recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over the term that the maintenance service is provided. When PCS renews automatically, we provide a reserve based on historical experience for contracts expected to be canceled for non-payment. All known and estimated cancellations are recorded as a reduction to revenue and accounts receivable. 
    
  For our software and software-related multiple element arrangements, where customers purchase both software related products and software related services, we use vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of fair value for software and software-related services to separate the elements and account for them separately. VSOE exists when a company can support what the fair value of its software and/or software-related services is based on evidence of the prices charged when the same elements are sold separately. For the undelivered elements, VSOE of fair value is required in order to separate the accounting for various elements in a software and related services arrangement. We have established VSOE of fair value for the majority of our PCS, professional services, and training. 
    
  When we provide professional services considered essential to the functionality of the software, we recognize revenue from the professional services as well as any related software licenses on a percentage-of-completion basis whereby the arrangement consideration is recognized as the services are performed, as measured by an observable input. In these circumstances, we separate license revenue from professional service revenue for income statement presentation by allocating VSOE of fair value of the professional services as professional services and hosting revenue and the residual portion as product and licensing revenue. We generally determine the percentage-of-completion by comparing the labor hours incurred to-date to the estimated total labor hours required to complete the project. We consider labor hours to be the most reliable, available measure of progress on these projects. Adjustments to estimates to complete are made in the periods in which facts resulting in a change become known. When the estimate indicates that a loss will be incurred, such loss is recorded in the period identified. Significant judgments and estimates are involved in determining the percent complete of each contract. Different assumptions could yield materially different results. 
    
  We offer some of our products via a Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") model also known as a hosted model. In this type of arrangement, we are compensated in   three   ways: (1) fees for up-front set-up of the service environment (2) fees charged on a usage or per transaction basis, and (3) fees charged for on-demand service. Our up-front set-up fees are nonrefundable. We recognize the up-front set-up fees ratably over the longer of the contract lives, or the expected lives of the customer relationships. The usage-based or per transaction fees are due and payable as each individual transaction is processed through the hosted service and is recognized as revenue in the period the services are provided. The on-demand service fees are recognized ratably over our estimate of the useful life of devices on which the hosted service is provided. 
    
  We enter into multiple-element arrangements that may include a combination of our various software related and non-software related products and services offerings including software licenses, PCS, professional services, and our hosting services. In such arrangements, we allocate total arrangement consideration to software or software-related elements and any non-software element separately based on the selling price hierarchy group following our policies. We determine the selling price for each deliverable using VSOE of selling price, if it exists, or Third Party Evidence ( TPE ) of selling price. Typically, we are unable to determine TPE of selling price. Therefore, when neither VSOE nor TPE of selling price exist for a deliverable, we use our Estimate of Selling Price ( ESP ) for the purposes of allocating the arrangement consideration. We determine ESP for a product or service by considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, major project groupings, market conditions, competitive landscape, price list and discounting practices. Revenue allocated to each element is then recognized when the basic revenue recognition criteria are met for each element. 
    
  When products are sold through distributors or resellers, title and risk of loss generally passes upon shipment, at which time the transaction is invoiced and payment is due. Shipments to distributors and resellers without right of return are recognized as revenue upon shipment, provided all other revenue recognition criteria are met. Certain distributors and resellers have been granted rights of return for as long as the distributors or resellers hold the inventory. We cannot estimate historical returns from these distributors and resellers; and therefore, cannot use such estimates as the basis upon which to estimate future sales returns. As a result, we recognize revenue from sales to these distributors and resellers when the products are sold through to retailers and end-users. 
    
  When products are sold directly to retailers or end-users, we make an estimate of sales returns based on historical experience. The provision for these estimated returns is recorded as a reduction of revenue and accounts receivable at the time that the related  
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

revenue is recorded. If actual returns differ significantly from our estimates, such differences could have a material impact on our results of operations for the period in which the actual returns become known. 
    
  We record consideration given to a reseller as a reduction of revenue to the extent we have recorded cumulative revenue from the customer or reseller. However, when we receive an identifiable benefit in exchange for the consideration, and can reasonably estimate the fair value of the benefit received, the consideration is recorded as an operating expense. 
    
  We record reimbursements received for out-of-pocket expenses as revenue, with offsetting costs recorded as cost of revenue. Out-of-pocket expenses generally include, but are not limited to, expenses related to transportation, lodging and meals. We record shipping and handling costs billed to customers as revenue with offsetting costs recorded as cost of revenue. 
    
  Our revenue recognition policies require management to make significant estimates. Management analyzes various factors, including a review of specific transactions, historical experience, creditworthiness of customers and current market and economic conditions. Changes in judgments based upon these factors could impact the timing and amount of revenue and cost recognized and thus affects our results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  Business Combinations.    We determine and allocate the purchase price of an acquired company to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the business combination date. The purchase price allocation process requires us to use significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, as of the business acquisition date, including: 

estimated fair values of intangible assets; 
                
    estimated fair market values of legal performance commitments to customers, assumed from the acquiree under existing contractual obligations (classified as deferred revenue) at the date of acquisition; 
                
    estimated fair market values of stock awards assumed from the acquiree that are included in the purchase price; 
                
    estimated fair market value of required payments under contingent consideration provisions; 
                
    estimated income tax assets and liabilities assumed from the acquiree; and 
                
    estimated fair value of pre-acquisition contingencies assumed from the acquiree. 
       
  While we use our best estimates and assumptions as part of the purchase price allocation process to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the business combination date, our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the purchase price allocation period, which is generally one year from the business combination date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. For adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the purchase price allocation period, we recognize the adjustment in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. Subsequent to the purchase price allocation period any adjustment to assets acquired or liabilities assumed is included in operating results in the period in which the adjustment is determined.  
    
  Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Examples of critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include but are not limited to: 

future expected cash flows from software license sales, support agreements, consulting contracts, hosting services, other customer contracts and acquired developed technologies and patents; 
                
    expected costs to develop in-process research and development projects into commercially viable products and the estimated cash flows from the projects when completed; 
                
    the acquired company s brand and competitive position, as well as assumptions about the period of time the acquired brand will continue to be used in the combined company s product portfolio; and 
                
    discount rates. 
       
  Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. 

42 

     Table of Contents  

In connection with the purchase price allocations for our acquisitions, we estimate the fair market value of legal performance commitments to customers, which are classified as deferred revenue. The estimated fair market value of these obligations is determined and recorded as of the acquisition date. 
    
  For a given acquisition, we may identify certain pre-acquisition contingencies. If, during the purchase price allocation period, we are able to determine the fair value of a pre-acquisition contingency, we will include that amount in the purchase price allocation. If we are unable to determine the fair value of a pre-acquisition contingency at the end of the purchase price allocation period, we will evaluate whether to include an amount in the purchase price allocation based on whether it is probable a liability had been incurred and whether an amount can be reasonably estimated. After the end of the purchase price allocation period, any adjustment to amounts recorded for a pre-acquisition contingency will be included in our operating results as acquisition-related cost, net in the period in which the adjustment is determined. 
  Goodwill, Intangible and Other Long-Lived Assets and Impairment Assessments.   We have significant long-lived tangible and intangible assets, including goodwill with indefinite lives, which are susceptible to valuation adjustments as a result of changes in various factors or conditions. The most significant finite-lived tangible and intangible assets are customer relationships, licensed technology, patents and core technology, completed technology, fixed assets and trade names. All finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the estimated economic lives of the assets, generally using the straight-line method except where the pattern of the expected economic benefit is readily identifiable, primarily customer relationship intangibles, whereby amortization follows that pattern. The values of intangible assets determined in connection with a business combination, with the exception of goodwill, were initially determined by a risk-adjusted, discounted cash flow approach. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but rather the carrying amounts of these assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment based on a comparison of the fair value of our reporting units to their recorded carrying values. The test consists of a two-step process. The first step is the comparison of the fair value to the carrying value of the reporting unit to determine if the carrying value exceeds the fair value. The second step measures the amount of an impairment loss and is only performed if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. Our annual impairment assessment date is July 1 of each fiscal year. As of July 1, 2016 we had six reporting units based on the level of information provided to, and review thereof, by our segment management. We continuously evaluate our operating segments and one level below our operating segments to determine the correct reporting units for our goodwill impairment testing. Factors we consider important, which could trigger an impairment of such assets, include the following: 
             
    significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; 
                
    significant changes in the manner of or use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business; 
                
    significant negative industry or economic trends; 
                
    significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period; and 
                
    a decline in our market capitalization below net book value. 
     We determine fair values for each of the reporting units based on consideration of the income approach, the market comparable approach and the market transaction approach. For purposes of the income approach, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future after-tax cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk adjusted rate. We use our internal forecasts to estimate future after-tax cash flows and include an estimate of long-term future growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for each reporting unit, which we believe are consistent with other market participants. Actual results may differ from those assumed in our forecasts. We derive our discount rates using a capital asset pricing model and analyzing published rates for industries relevant to our reporting units to estimate the weighted average cost of capital. We use discount rates that are commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the respective businesses and in our internally developed forecasts. Discount rates used in our reporting unit valuations ranged from   9.5%   to   14.5%  . For purposes of the market approach, we use a valuation technique in which values are derived based on market prices of comparable publicly traded companies. We also use a market based valuation technique in which values are determined based on relevant observable information generated by market transactions involving comparable businesses. Compared to the market approach, the income approach more closely aligns each reporting unit valuation to our business profile, including geographic markets served and product offerings. Required rates of return, along with uncertainty inherent in the forecasts of future cash flows, are reflected in the selection of the discount rate. Equally important, under this approach, reasonably likely scenarios and associated sensitivities can be developed for alternative future states that may not be reflected in an observable market price. A market approach allows for comparison to actual market transactions and multiples. It can be somewhat more limited in its application because the population of potential comparable entities is often limited to publicly-traded companies where the characteristics of the comparative business and ours can be significantly different, market data is usually not available for divisions within larger conglomerates or non-public subsidiaries that could otherwise qualify as comparable, and the specific circumstances surrounding a market transaction (e.g., synergies between the parties, terms and conditions of the transaction, etc.) may be different or irrelevant with respect to our business. It can also be difficult, under certain market conditions, to identify orderly transactions between market participants in similar  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

businesses. We assess each valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation and weight the methodologies appropriately. 
  The carrying values of the reporting units were determined based on an allocation of our assets and liabilities, through specific allocation of certain assets and liabilities, to the reporting units and an apportionment method based on relative size of the reporting units  revenues and operating expenses compared to our total revenues and operating expenses. Goodwill was initially allocated to our reporting units based on the relative fair value of the units at the date we implemented the current reporting unit structure. Goodwill subsequently acquired through acquisitions is allocated to the applicable reporting unit based upon the relative fair value of the acquired business. Certain corporate assets and liabilities that are not instrumental to the reporting units  operations and would not be transferred to hypothetical purchasers of the reporting units were excluded from the reporting units  carrying values. 
  As of our annual impairment assessment date for fiscal year   2016  , our estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values and we concluded, based on the first step of the process, that there was no impairment of goodwill. The fair value substantially exceeded the carrying value by more than   120%   for each of our reporting units, with the exception of our Mobile and Dragon Consumer ("DNS") reporting units. The fair value exceeded the carrying value of our Mobile reporting unit by approximately   18%  . Goodwill allocated to our Mobile reporting unit is approximately   $1.1 billion   as of   July 1, 2016   and   September 30, 2016  . Our Mobile reporting unit, specifically our handset business, has experienced a decline in fair value as a result of weakening handset revenues from a deterioration in mature markets. The operating plans and projections, which are the basis for the reporting unit fair value, anticipate these weakening conditions for the handset business and include continued revenue growth from cloud-based services in our automotive business and revenue from TV solutions and IoT are expected to offset this weakness in handset revenue over time. The fair value exceeded the carrying value of our DNS reporting unit by approximately   15%  . Goodwill allocated to our DNS reporting unit is approximately   $66.8 million   as of   July 1, 2016   and   September 30, 2016  . Our DNS reporting unit has experienced a decline in fair value as a result of a weakening revenue stream from sales of our dictation software to business users and consumers due to an overall weakness in desktop software sales. The operating plans and projections, which are the basis for the reporting unit fair value, anticipate these weakening conditions. 
  Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or asset group involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which we believe to be reasonable, that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, our ability to launch new product and new market penetrations, and determination of appropriate market comparables. Significant adverse changes in our future revenues and/or operating margins, significant degradation in the enterprise values of comparable companies for our reporting units, changes in our organization or management reporting structure, as well as other events and circumstances, including but not limited to technological advances, increased competition and changing economic or market conditions, could result in (a) shorter estimated useful lives, (b) changes to reporting units or asset groups, which may require alternative methods of estimating fair values or greater disaggregation or aggregation in our analysis by reporting unit, and/or (c) other changes in previous assumptions or estimates, could result in the determination that all or a portion of our goodwill is impaired that could materially impact future results of operations and financial position in the reporting period identified. 
  We periodically review long-lived assets other than goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of those assets are no longer appropriate. Each impairment test is based on a comparison of the undiscounted cash flows to the recorded carrying value for the asset or asset group. Asset groups utilized in this analysis are identified as the lowest level grouping of assets for which largely independent cash flows can be identified. If impairment is indicated, the asset or asset group is written down to its estimated fair value. 
  Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation.    We account for share-based awards to employees and directors, including grants of employee stock options, purchases under employee stock purchase plans, and restricted awards through recognition of the fair value of the share-based awards as a charge against earnings in the form of stock-based compensation expense. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures. We recognize benefits from stock-based compensation in equity using the with-and-without approach for the utilization of tax attributes. Determining the fair value of share-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating expected dividends, share price volatility and the amount of share-based awards that are expected to be forfeited. If actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be materially impacted. 
  Income Taxes.   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. This method also requires the recognition of future tax benefits such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not after consideration of all available evidence. As the income tax returns are not due and filed until after the completion of our annual financial reporting requirements, the amounts recorded for the current period reflect estimates for the tax-based activity for the period. In addition, estimates are often required with respect to, among other things, the appropriate  
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  

state and foreign income tax rates to use, the potential utilization of operating loss carry-forwards and valuation allowances required, if any, for tax assets that may not be realizable in the future. Tax laws and tax rates vary substantially in these jurisdictions, and are subject to change given the political and economic climate. We report and pay income tax based on operational results and applicable law. Our tax provision contemplates tax rates currently in effect to determine both our current and deferred tax provisions.  
  Any significant fluctuation in rates or changes in tax laws could cause our estimates of taxes we anticipate either paying or recovering in the future to change. Such changes could lead to either increases or decreases in our effective tax rate. 
  We have historically estimated the future tax consequence of certain items, including bad debts, inventory valuation, and accruals that cannot be deducted for income tax purposes until such expenses are actually paid or disposed. We believe the procedures and estimates used in our accounting for income taxes are reasonable and in accordance with established tax law. The income tax estimates used have not resulted in material adjustments to income tax expense in subsequent periods when the estimates are adjusted to the actual filed tax return amounts.  
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the fiscal years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. With respect to earnings expected to be indefinitely reinvested offshore, we do not accrue tax for the repatriation of such foreign earnings. 
  We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. The weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. If positive evidence regarding projected future taxable income, exclusive of reversing taxable temporary differences, existed it would be difficult for it to outweigh objective negative evidence of recent financial reporting losses. Generally, cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece of negative evidence that is difficult to overcome in determining that a valuation allowance is not needed.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have   $110.2 million   of valuation allowances recorded against all U.S. deferred tax assets and certain foreign deferred tax assets. If we are subsequently able to utilize all or a portion of the deferred tax assets for which the remaining valuation allowance has been established, then we may be required to recognize these deferred tax assets through the reduction of the valuation allowance which could result in a material benefit to our results of operations in the period in which the benefit is determined. 
    
  We establish reserves for tax uncertainties that reflect the use of the comprehensive model for the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions. Under the comprehensive model, when the minimum threshold for recognition is not met, no tax benefit can be recorded. When the minimum threshold for recognition is met, a tax position is recorded as the largest amount that is more than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
  Loss Contingencies.    We are subject to legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims relating to labor, service and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business, as discussed in Note   16   of Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Quarterly, we review the status of each significant matter and assess our potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. Because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based only on the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to our pending claims and litigation and may revise our estimates. Such revisions in the estimates of the potential liabilities could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
   
  RECENTLY ADOPTED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
  In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted, and retroactively implemented Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-17, "Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes." Under this new guidance, we are required to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and any related valuation allowances, as noncurrent on our consolidated balance sheet. The cumulative effect of the change as of   September 30, 2015   on current and long-term deferred tax assets was a decrease of approximately   $57.3 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively, with an offsetting adjustment to long-term deferred tax liabilities, and had no impact on our shareholders' equity, results of operations or cash flows. Current deferred tax assets were included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and long-term deferred tax assets were included in other assets within our consolidated balance sheet.  
  In fiscal year 2016, we implemented ASU No. 2014-08, "Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity." Under this new guidance, we are required to change the criteria for determining which disposals  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

can be presented as discontinued operations and requires enhanced disclosures. The implementation had no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted, and retroactively implemented ASU No. 2015-03, "Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs." Under this new guidance, we are required to present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the related debt liability on our consolidated balance sheet. The cumulative effect of the change as of   September 30, 2015   on other assets was a decrease of approximately   $15.7 million   with an offsetting adjustment to long-term portion of debt, and had no impact on our shareholders' equity, results of operations or cash flows. 
  In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted ASU No. 2015-16, "Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments" ("ASU 2015-16"). The amendments in the ASU 2015-16 require an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined and set forth new disclosure requirements related to the adjustments. The implementation had no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
  From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and are adopted by us as of the specified effective dates. Unless otherwise discussed, such pronouncements did not have or will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows or do not apply to our operations. 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ("ASC 2016-15"), which provides guidance on the classification of certain specific cash flow issues including debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of certain debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of certain insurance claims and distributions received from equity method investees. The standard requires the use of a retrospective approach to all periods presented, but may be applied prospectively if retrospective application would be impracticable. ASU 2016-15 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, and early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-15 on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2016-09"), which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, and early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases" ("ASU 2016-02"). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet a right-of-use asset, representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures designed to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The standard requires the use of a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. ASU 2016-02 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, and early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, "Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities" ("ASU 2016-01"). ASU 2016-01 amends the guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Although ASU 2016-01 retains many current requirements, it significantly revises accounting related to the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. ASU 2016-01 also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments and is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. We do not believe that ASU 2016-01 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-02,  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ("ASU 2015-02"). The amendments in ASU 2015-02 provide guidance on evaluating whether a company should consolidate certain legal entities. In accordance with the guidance, all legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. ASU 2015-02 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 with early adoption permitted. We do not believe that ASU 2015-02 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15, "Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern" ("ASU 2014-15"), to provide guidance on management's responsibility in evaluating  
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

whether there is substantial doubt about a company's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe that ASU 2014-15 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-12,   "  Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period" ("ASU 2014-12"). ASU 2014-12 requires that a performance target that affects vesting and could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in ASC 718, "Compensation - Stock Compensation," as it relates to such awards. ASU 2014-12 is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal year 2017 with early adoption permitted using either of two methods: (i) prospective to all awards granted or modified after the effective date; or (ii) retrospective to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter, with the cumulative effect of applying ASU 2014-12 as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements. We do not believe that ASU 2014-12 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606" ("ASU 2014-09"), to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing U.S. GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal year 2019 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within ASU 2014-09; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
           Item 7A. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices which could affect operating results, financial position and cash flows. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. 
  Exchange Rate Sensitivity 
  We are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Any foreign currency transaction, defined as a transaction denominated in a currency other than the local functional currency, will be reported in the functional currency at the applicable exchange rate in effect at the time of the transaction. A change in the value of the functional currency compared to the foreign currency of the transaction will have either a positive or negative impact on our financial position and results of operations.  
  Assets and liabilities of our foreign entities are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and income and expense items are translated at average rates for the applicable period. Therefore, the change in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to foreign currencies will have either a positive or negative effect on our financial position and results of operations. Historically, our primary exposure has related to transactions denominated in the euro, British pound, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Japanese yen, Indian rupee and Hungarian forint. 
  A hypothetical change of 10% in appreciation or depreciation in foreign currency exchange rates from the quoted foreign currency exchange rates at   September 30, 2016   would not have a material impact on our revenue, operating results or cash flows in the coming year. 
  Periodically, we enter into forward exchange contracts to hedge against foreign currency fluctuations. These contracts may or may not be designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. We have in place a program which primarily uses forward contracts to offset the risks associated with foreign currency exposures that arise from transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of our worldwide operations. The program is designed so that increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures are offset by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts. The outstanding contracts are not designated as accounting hedges and generally are for periods less than 90 days. The notional contract amount of outstanding foreign currency exchange contracts not designated as cash flow hedges was   $215.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  . Based on the nature of the transactions for which the contracts were purchased, a hypothetical change of 10% in exchange rates would not have a material impact on our financial results. 
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

Interest Rate Sensitivity 
  We are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we held approximately   $608.1 million   of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities consisting of cash, money-market funds, bank deposits and a separately managed investment portfolio. Assuming a one percentage point increase in interest rates, our interest income on our investments classified as cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities would increase by approximately   $4.6 million   per annum, based on the   September 30, 2016   reported balances of our investment accounts. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had no outstanding debt exposed to variable interest rates. 
  Equity Price Risk 
  We are exposed to equity price risk as a result of security price guarantees that we enter into from time to time. Generally, these price guarantees are for a period of six months or less, and require payment from either us to a third party, or from the third party to us, based upon changes in our stock price during the contract term. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have no security price guarantees outstanding. 
  2031 Debentures, 1.5% 2035 Debentures, and 1.0% 2035 Debentures 
  The fair values of our 2031 Debentures, 1.5% 2035 Debentures, and 1.0% 2035 Debentures are dependent on the price and volatility of our common stock as well as movements in interest rates. The fair market values of these debentures will generally increase as the market price of our common stock increases and will decrease as the market price of our common stock decreases. The fair market values of these debentures will generally increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. The market value and interest rate changes affect the fair market values of these debentures, but do not impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows due to the fixed nature of the debt obligations. However, increases in the value of our common stock above the stated trigger price for each issuance for a specified period of time may provide the holders of these debentures the right to convert each bond using a conversion ratio and payment method as defined in the debenture agreement.  
    
  Our debentures trade in the financial markets, and the fair value at   September 30, 2016   was   $398.2 million   for the 2031 Debentures, based on an average of the bid and ask prices on that day. The conversion value on   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $177.6 million  . A 10% increase in the stock price over the   September 30, 2016   closing price of   $14.50   would cause an estimated   $0.6 million   increase to the fair value and a   $17.8 million   increase to the conversion value of the debentures. The fair value at   September 30, 2016   was   $247.7 million   for the 1.5% 2035 Debentures, based on an average of the bid and ask prices on that day. The conversion value on   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $164.5 million  . A 10% increase in the stock price over the   September 30, 2016   closing price of   $14.50   would cause an estimated   $8.8 million   increase to the fair value and a   $16.4 million   increase to the conversion value of the debentures.The fair value at   September 30, 2016   was   $589.6 million   for the 1.0% 2035 Debentures, based on an average of the bid and ask prices on that day. The conversion value on   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $360.2 million  . A 10% increase in the stock price over the   September 30, 2016   closing price of   $14.50   would cause an estimated   $18.9 million   increase to the fair value and a   $36.0 million   increase to the conversion value of the debentures. 
  
   48 

Table of Contents  

Item 8. 
    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
       
  Nuance Communications, Inc. Consolidated Financial Statements 

NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
    
  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
       Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    50 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations  
    52 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  
    53 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    54 
       Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity  
    55 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    56 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
    57 

49 

Table of Contents  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
  Nuance Communications, Inc. 
  Burlington, Massachusetts 
    
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nuance Communications, Inc. as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders  equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   September 30, 2016  . These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
    
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
    
  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Nuance Communications, Inc. at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   September 30, 2016  , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
    
  As discussed in Notes   2   and   18   to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and any related valuation allowances, as noncurrent on its consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   due to the early adoption of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-17, "Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes." 
    
  As discussed in Notes   2   and   14   to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method of recognizing the amount paid to repurchase common shares in excess of the par value on its consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Historically the Company allocated any excess of cost over par value between accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital. Under the new method of accounting, the Company recognize any excess of cost over par value in additional paid-in capital. The resulting reclassification is not considered material as there is no impact to total shareholders  equity and only represents a reclassification between individual equity line items. 
  As discussed in Notes   2   and   9   to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method to present deferred debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability on its consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   due to the early adoption of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-03, "Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs." 
    
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Nuance Communications, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , based on criteria established in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework     (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated   November 22, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

/s/  BDO USA, LLP 
        
    BDO USA, LLP 

Boston, Massachusetts 
  November 22, 2016    
  
   50 

Table of Contents  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
  Nuance Communications, Inc. 
  Burlington, Massachusetts 
    
  We have audited Nuance Communications, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , based on criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework     (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Nuance Communications, Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
  As indicated in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of TouchCommerce, Inc., which was acquired on August 16, 2016, and which is included in the consolidated balance sheets of Nuance Communications, Inc. as of September 30, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. TouchCommerce, Inc. constituted   0.3%   and   0.4%   of total assets and net assets, respectively, as of September 30, 2016, and   0.3%   and   21.7%   of revenues and net loss, respectively, for the year then ended. Management did not assess the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of TouchCommerce, Inc. because of the timing of the acquisition which was completed on August 16, 2016. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of Nuance Communications, Inc. also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of TouchCommerce, Inc. 
  In our opinion, Nuance Communications, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , based on the COSO criteria. 
  We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Nuance Communications, Inc. as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders  equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   September 30, 2016   and our report dated   November 22, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
                   
    /s/  BDO USA, LLP 
        
    BDO USA, LLP 

Boston, Massachusetts 
  November 22, 2016    
  
   51 

Table of Contents  

NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
    
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

See accompanying notes. 
  
   52 

Table of Contents  

NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
    
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

See accompanying notes. 

53 

Table of Contents  

NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
    
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes. 
  
   54 

Table of Contents  

NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    

  See accompanying notes. 
  
   55 

Table of Contents  

NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
    
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

See accompanying notes. 
  
   56 

Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
    Organization and Presentation 
     Nuance Communications, Inc. ( we,   Nuance,  or  the Company ) is a leading provider of voice recognition and natural language understanding solutions. We work with companies around the world, from banks and hospitals to airlines, telecommunications carriers, and automotive manufacturers and suppliers, who use our solutions and technologies to create better experiences for their customers and their users by enhancing the users' experience, increasing productivity and customer satisfaction. We offer our customers high accuracy in automated speech recognition, capabilities for natural language understanding, dialog and information management, biometric speaker authentication, text-to-speech, optical character recognition capabilities, and domain knowledge, along with professional services and implementation support. Using advanced analytics and algorithms, our technologies create personalized experiences and transform the way people interact with information and the technology around them. We market and sell our solutions and technologies around the world directly through a dedicated sales force, through our e-commerce website and also through a global network of resellers, including system integrators, independent software vendors, value-added resellers, distributors, hardware vendors, and telecommunications carriers. 
  We operate in   four   reportable segments: Healthcare, Mobile, Enterprise, and Imaging. See Note   19   for a description of each of these segments. We have completed several business acquisitions during the three years ended   September 30, 2016  , including   TouchCommerce, Inc. ("TouchCommerce")   on   August 16, 2016   and numerous immaterial acquisitions. The results of operations from these acquired businesses have been included in our consolidated financial statements from their respective acquisition dates. See Note   3   for additional disclosure related to these acquisitions. 
  We have evaluated subsequent events from   September 30, 2016   through the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements and have determined that no material subsequent events have occurred that would affect the information presented in these consolidated financial statements. 
   
           2. 
    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
     Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments. The most important of these relate to revenue recognition; the allowances for doubtful accounts and sales returns; accounting for deferred costs; accounting for internally developed software; the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets; accounting for business combinations, including contingent consideration; accounting for stock-based compensation; accounting for derivative instruments; accounting for income taxes and related valuation allowances; and loss contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience, market participant fair value considerations, projected future cash flows, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual amounts could differ significantly from these estimates. 
  Basis of Consolidation 
  The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our wholly-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 
    
  Recasting of Prior Period Financial Information and Change in Accounting Policy 
  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reorganized the organizational management and oversight of our Dragon Consumer business, which was previously reported within our Mobile segment and has now been moved into our Healthcare segment. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reclassified certain government payroll incentive credits previously reported in the general and administrative expense to research and development expense, cost of revenue, and sales and marketing. Accordingly, the segment results in prior periods have been recast to conform to the current period segment presentation. These changes had no impact on consolidated net income or cash flows in any period. 
  During fiscal year 2016, we changed our method of recognizing the amount paid to repurchase common shares in excess of the par value. Historically we allocated any excess of cost over par value between accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital. Under our new method of accounting, we recognize any excess of cost over par value in additional paid-in capital. The resulting reclassification is not considered material as there is no impact to total shareholders  equity and only represents a reclassification between individual equity line items. Accordingly, the financial data for all periods presented has been  
  
   57 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

retrospectively adjusted to reflect the effect of this accounting change. The cumulative effect of the change on additional paid-in capital as of September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was a decrease of approximately   $672.7 million  ,   $333.8 million  ,   $229.0 million   and   $218.2 million  , respectively, with an offsetting adjustment to accumulated deficit. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  We derive revenue from the following sources: (1) software license agreements, including royalty and other usage-based arrangements, (2) professional services, (3) hosting services and (4) post-contract customer support ("PCS"). Our hosting services are generally provided through on-demand, usage-based or per transaction fee arrangements. Generally, we recognize revenue when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred, (iii) the fee is fixed or determinable and (iv) collectability is probable. Our revenue recognition policies for these revenue streams are discussed below. 
    
  The sale and/or license of software solutions and technology is deemed to have occurred when a customer either has taken possession of or has access to take immediate possession of the software or technology. In select situations, we sell or license intellectual property in conjunction with, or in place of, embedding our intellectual property in software. We also have non-software arrangements including hosting services where the customer does not take possession of the software at the outset of the arrangement either because they have no contractual right to do so or because significant penalties preclude them from doing so. 
    
  Revenue from royalties on sales of our software products by original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ), where no services are included, is recognized in the quarter earned so long as we have been notified by the OEM that such royalties are due, and provided that all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 
    
  Software arrangements generally include PCS, which includes telephone support and the right to receive unspecified upgrades/enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis, typically for   one   to   five   years. Revenue from PCS is generally recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over the term that the maintenance service is provided. When PCS renews automatically, we provide a reserve based on historical experience for contracts expected to be canceled for non-payment. All known and estimated cancellations are recorded as a reduction to revenue and accounts receivable. 
    
  For our software and software-related multiple element arrangements, where customers purchase both software related products and software related services, we use vendor-specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of fair value for software and software-related services to separate the elements and account for them separately. VSOE exists when a company can support what the fair value of its software and/or software-related services is based on evidence of the prices charged when the same elements are sold separately. For the undelivered elements, VSOE of fair value is required in order to separate the accounting for various elements in a software and related services arrangement. We have established VSOE of fair value for the majority of our PCS, professional services, and training. 
    
  When we provide professional services considered essential to the functionality of the software, we recognize revenue from the professional services as well as any related software licenses on a percentage-of-completion basis whereby the arrangement consideration is recognized as the services are performed, as measured by an observable input. In these circumstances, we separate license revenue from professional service revenue for income statement presentation by allocating VSOE of fair value of the professional services as professional services and hosting revenue and the residual portion as product and licensing revenue. We generally determine the percentage-of-completion by comparing the labor hours incurred to-date to the estimated total labor hours required to complete the project. We consider labor hours to be the most reliable, available measure of progress on these projects. Adjustments to estimates to complete are made in the periods in which facts resulting in a change become known. When the estimate indicates that a loss will be incurred, such loss is recorded in the period identified. Significant judgments and estimates are involved in determining the percent complete of each contract. Different assumptions could yield materially different results. 
    
  We offer some of our products via a Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") model also known as a hosted model. In this type of arrangement, we are compensated in   three   ways: (1) fees for up-front set-up of the service environment (2) fees charged on a usage or per transaction basis, and (3) fees charged for on-demand service. Our up-front set-up fees are nonrefundable. We recognize the up-front set-up fees ratably over the longer of the contract lives or the expected lives of the customer relationships. The usage-based or per transaction fees are due and payable as each individual transaction is processed through the hosted service and is recognized as revenue in the period the services are provided. The on-demand service fees are recognized ratably over our estimate of the useful life of devices on which the hosted service is provided. 
    
  We enter into multiple-element arrangements that may include a combination of our various software related and non-software related products and services offerings including software licenses, PCS, professional services, and our hosting services. In such  
  
   58 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

arrangements, we allocate total arrangement consideration to software or software-related elements and any non-software element separately based on the selling price hierarchy group following our policies. We determine the selling price for each deliverable using VSOE of selling price, if it exists, or Third Party Evidence ( TPE ) of selling price. Typically, we are unable to determine TPE of selling price. Therefore, when neither VSOE nor TPE of selling price exist for a deliverable, we use our Estimate of Selling Price ( ESP ) for the purposes of allocating the arrangement consideration. We determine ESP for a product or service by considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, major project groupings, market conditions, competitive landscape, price list and discounting practices. Revenue allocated to each element is then recognized when the basic revenue recognition criteria are met for each element. 
    
  When products are sold through distributors or resellers, title and risk of loss generally passes upon shipment, at which time the transaction is invoiced and payment is due. Shipments to distributors and resellers without right of return are recognized as revenue upon shipment, provided all other revenue recognition criteria are met. Certain distributors and resellers have been granted rights of return for as long as the distributors or resellers hold the inventory. We cannot use historical returns from these distributors and resellers as a basis upon which to estimate future sales returns. As a result, we recognize revenue from sales to these distributors and resellers when the products are sold through to retailers and end-users. 
    
  When products are sold directly to retailers or end-users, we make an estimate of sales returns based on historical experience. The provision for these estimated returns is recorded as a reduction of revenue and accounts receivable at the time that the related revenue is recorded. If actual returns differ significantly from our estimates, such differences could have a material impact on our results of operations for the period in which the actual returns become known. 
    
  We record consideration given to a reseller as a reduction of revenue to the extent we have recorded cumulative revenue from the customer or reseller. However, when we receive an identifiable benefit in exchange for the consideration, and can reasonably estimate the fair value of the benefit received, the consideration is recorded as an operating expense. 
    
  We record reimbursements received for out-of-pocket expenses as revenue, with offsetting costs recorded as cost of revenue. Out-of-pocket expenses generally include, but are not limited to, expenses related to transportation, lodging and meals. We record shipping and handling costs billed to customers as revenue with offsetting costs recorded as cost of revenue. 
    
  Business Combinations 
  We determine and allocate the purchase price of an acquired company to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the business combination date. Results of operations and cash flows of acquired companies are included in our operating results from the date of acquisition. The purchase price allocation process requires us to use significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, as of the business combination date including: 

estimated fair values of intangible assets; 
                
    estimated fair values of legal performance commitments to customers, assumed from the acquiree under existing contractual obligations (classified as deferred revenue); 
                
    estimated fair values of stock awards assumed from the acquiree that are included in the purchase price; 
                
    estimated fair value of required payments under contingent consideration provisions; 
                
    estimated income tax assets and liabilities assumed from the acquiree; and 
                
    estimated fair value of pre-acquisition contingencies assumed from the acquiree. 
     The fair value of any contingent consideration is established at the acquisition date and included in the total purchase price. The contingent consideration is then adjusted to fair value as an increase or decrease in current earnings included in acquisition-related costs, net in each reporting period. 
  While we use our best estimates and assumptions as part of the purchase price allocation process to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the business combination date, our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the purchase price allocation period, which is generally one year from the business combination date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. For adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the purchase price allocation period, we recognize the adjustment in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. Subsequent to the purchase price allocation period, any  
  
   59 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

adjustment to assets acquired or liabilities assumed is included in operating results in the period in which the adjustment is determined. 
    
  Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 
  Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but rather the carrying amounts of these assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment based on a comparison of the fair value of our reporting units to their recorded carrying values. The test consists of a two-step process. The first step is the comparison of the fair value to the carrying value of the reporting unit to determine if the carrying value exceeds the fair value. The second step measures the amount of an impairment loss and is only performed if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. Our annual impairment assessment date is July 1 of each fiscal year. As of July 1, 2016 we had   six   reporting units based on the level of information provided to, and review thereof, by our segment management. We continuously evaluate our operating segments and one level below our operating segments to determine the correct reporting units for our goodwill impairment testing. 
    
  We determine fair values for each of the reporting units based on consideration of the income approach, the market comparable approach and the market transaction approach. For purposes of the income approach, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future after-tax cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk adjusted rate. We use our internal forecasts to estimate future after-tax cash flows and include an estimate of long-term future growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for each reporting unit, which we believe are consistent with other market participants. Actual results may differ from those assumed in our forecasts. We derive our discount rates using a capital asset pricing model and analyzing published rates for industries relevant to our reporting units to estimate the weighted average cost of capital. We use discount rates that are commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the respective businesses and in our internally developed forecasts. Discount rates used in our reporting unit valuations ranged from   9.5%   to   14.5%  . For purposes of the market approach, we use a valuation technique in which values are derived based on market prices of comparable publicly traded companies. We also use a market based valuation technique in which values are determined based on relevant observable information generated by market transactions involving comparable businesses. We assess each valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation and weight the methodologies appropriately.  
  The carrying values of the reporting units were determined based on an allocation of our assets and liabilities, through specific allocation of certain assets and liabilities, to the reporting units and an apportionment method based on relative size of the reporting units  revenues and operating expenses compared to our total revenues and operating expenses. Goodwill was initially allocated to our reporting units based on the relative fair value of the units at the date we implemented the current reporting unit structure. Goodwill subsequently acquired through acquisitions is allocated to the applicable reporting unit based upon the relative fair value of the acquired business. Certain corporate assets and liabilities that are not instrumental to the reporting units  operations and would not be transferred to hypothetical purchasers of the reporting units were excluded from the reporting units  carrying values.  
  As of our annual impairment assessment date for fiscal year   2016  , our estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values and we concluded, based on the first step of the process, that there was no impairment of goodwill. The fair value substantially exceeded the carrying value by more than   120%   for each of our reporting units, with the exception of our Mobile and Dragon Consumer ("DNS") reporting units. The fair value exceeded the carrying value of our Mobile reporting unit by approximately   18%  . Goodwill allocated to our Mobile reporting unit is approximately   $1.1 billion   as of   July 1, 2016   and   September 30, 2016  . Our Mobile reporting unit, specifically our handset business, has experienced a decline in fair value as a result of weakening handset revenues from a deterioration in mature markets. The operating plans and projections, which are the basis for the reporting unit fair value, anticipate these weakening conditions for the handset business and include continued revenue growth from cloud-based services in our automotive business and revenue from TV solutions and IoT are expected to offset this weakness in handset revenue. The fair value exceeded the carrying value of our DNS reporting unit by approximately   15%  . Goodwill allocated to our DNS reporting unit is approximately   $66.8 million   as of   July 1, 2016   and   September 30, 2016  . Our DNS reporting unit has experienced a decline in fair value as a result of a weakening revenue stream from sales of our dictation software to business users and consumers due to an overall weakness in desktop software sales. The operating plans and projections, which are the basis for the reporting unit fair value, anticipate these weakening conditions. 
  
   60 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Our long-lived assets consist principally of acquired intangible assets, internally developed software, land, and building and equipment. Intangible assets acquired in our business and asset acquisitions, including certain technology that is licensed from third parties. We amortize acquired intangible assets with finite lives over the estimated economic lives of the assets, generally using the straight-line method except where the pattern of the expected economic benefit is readily identifiable, primarily customer relationship intangibles, whereby amortization follows that pattern. Internally developed software consists of capitalized costs incurred during the application development stage, which include costs to design the software configuration and interfaces, coding, installation and testing. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage, along with post-implementation stages of internally developed software, are expensed as incurred. Internally developed software costs that have been capitalized are typically amortized over the estimated useful life, beginning with the date that an asset is ready for its intended use. Land, building and equipment are stated at cost. Building and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the related lease term or the estimated useful life. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of sold or retired assets are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in operations. 
  We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. In addition, each reporting period we evaluate the estimated remaining useful life of acquired and licensed intangible assets, as well as land, buildings and equipment, to determine whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of depreciation or amortization. We assess the recoverability of the asset or asset group based on the undiscounted future cash flows the assets are expected to generate and recognize an impairment loss when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the assets, if any, are less than the carrying value of the assets. If an asset or asset group is deemed to be impaired, the amount of the impairment loss, if any, represents the excess of the asset or asset group s carrying value compared to its estimated fair value. 
  Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or asset group involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which we believe to be reasonable, that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, our ability to launch new product and new market penetrations, and determination of appropriate market comparables. Significant adverse changes in our future revenues and/or operating margins, significant degradation in the enterprise values of comparable companies for our reporting units, changes in our organization or management reporting structure, as well as other events and circumstances, including but not limited to technological advances, increased competition and changing economic or market conditions, could result in (a) shorter estimated useful lives, (b) changes to reporting units or asset groups, which may require alternative methods of estimating fair values or greater disaggregation or aggregation in our analysis by reporting unit, and/or (c) other changes in previous assumptions or estimates, could result in the determination that all or a portion of our goodwill is impaired that could materially impact future results of operations and financial position in the reporting period identified. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  Cash and cash equivalents consists of cash on hand, including money market funds and time deposits with original maturities of 90 days or less. 
  Marketable Securities and Minority Investments 
  Marketable Securities:    Marketable securities consist of time deposits and high-quality corporate debt instruments with stated maturities of more than 90 days. Investments are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. As of   September 30, 2016  , the total cost basis of our marketable securities was   $126.5 million  . 
  Minority Investment:    We record investments in other companies, where we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence in the equity investment, at cost within other assets in our consolidated balance sheet. We review our investments for impairment whenever declines in estimated fair value are deemed to be other-than-temporary. 
  Accounts Receivable Allowances 
  Allowances for Doubtful Accounts:    We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for the estimated probable losses on uncollectible accounts receivable. The allowance is based upon the credit worthiness of our customers, our historical experience, the age of the receivable and current market and economic conditions. Receivables are written off against these allowances in the period they are determined to be uncollectible. 
  
   61 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Allowances for Sales Returns:    We maintain an allowance for sales returns from customers for which we have the ability to estimate returns based on historical experience. The returns allowance is recorded as a reduction in revenue and accounts receivable at the time the related revenue is recorded. Receivables are written off against the allowance in the period the return is received. 
  For the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , the activity related to accounts receivable allowances was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Inventories 
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out method, or market value and are included in other current assets. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and/or obsolete inventory primarily based on future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory as well as other factors including technological changes and new product development. 
  Inventories, net of allowances, consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 

62 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Accounting for Collaboration Agreements 
  Healthcare Collaboration Agreement 
  We have a collaboration agreement with a large healthcare provider and under the terms of the agreement we have been reimbursed for certain research and development costs related to specified product development projects with the objective of commercializing the resulting products. All intellectual property derived from these research and development efforts will be owned by us. Upon product introduction, we will pay royalties to this party based on the actual sales. During fiscal year 2016, the party could elect to continue with the arrangement, receiving royalties on future sales, or receive a buy-out payment from us and forgo future royalties. Royalties paid to this party upon commercialization of any products from these development efforts will be recorded as a reduction to revenue. The buy-out payment is calculated based on a number of factors including the net cash flows received and paid by the parties, as well as a minimum return on those net cash flows. As of   September 30, 2015   and   September 30, 2014  , we expected our partner to elect to receive a buy-out at the option date and recorded   $3.9 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively, as research and development expenses in our consolidated financial statements. In fiscal year 2016, our partner elected to receive the buy-out option and we issued   403,325   shares of our common stock to our partner as settlement for the   $6.5 million   buy-out option. 
  Intellectual Property Collaboration Agreements 
  We entered into collaboration agreements in order to gain access to a third party s extensive speech recognition technology, natural language technology, and semantic processing technology. Depending on the agreement, some or all intellectual property derived from these collaborations will be jointly owned by the   two   parties. For the majority of the developed intellectual property, we will have sole rights to commercialize such intellectual property for periods ranging between   two   to   six   years, depending on the agreement. Generally, the agreements call for annual payments in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election. We issued   0.2 million   and   1.1 million   shares of our common stock for payments totaling   $3.8 million   and   $22.5 million   in the fiscal years ending in 2014 and 2013, respectively with final payments in fiscal year 2014. The payments are recorded as a prepaid asset when made and are expensed ratably over the contractual period. For the years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2014  , we have recognized   $2.5 million   and   $19.7 million   as research and development expense, respectively, related to these agreements in our consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, we have also recognized   $4.0 million   and   $8.0 million  , respectively, as sales and marketing expense for the exclusive commercialization rights related to one of these collaboration agreements in our consolidated statements of operations. As of   September 30, 2016  , the prepaid asset was completely amortized. 
  Research and Development Costs 
  Research and development costs related to software that is or will be sold or licensed externally to third-parties, or for which a substantive plan exists to sell or license such software in the future, incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility, but prior to the general release of the product, are capitalized and amortized to cost of revenue over the estimated useful life of the related products. We have determined that technological feasibility is reached shortly before the general release of our software products. Costs incurred after technological feasibility is established have not been material. We expense research and development costs as incurred. 
  Acquisition-Related Costs, net 
  Acquisition-related costs include costs related to business and other acquisitions, including potential acquisitions. These costs consist of (i) transition and integration costs, including retention payments, transitional employee costs and earn-out payments treated as compensation expense, as well as the costs of integration-related activities, including services provided by third-parties; (ii) professional service fees and expenses, including financial advisory, legal, accounting, and other outside services incurred in connection with acquisition activities, and disputes and regulatory matters related to acquired entities; and (iii) adjustments to acquisition-related items that are required to be marked to fair value each reporting period, such as contingent consideration, and other items related to acquisitions for which the measurement period has ended, such as gains or losses on settlements of pre-acquisition contingencies. 
  
   63 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The components of acquisition-related costs, net are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Advertising Costs 
  Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are classified as sales and marketing expenses. Cooperative advertising programs reimburse customers for marketing activities for certain of our products, subject to defined criteria. Cooperative advertising obligations are accrued and expensed at the same time the related revenue is recognized. Cooperative advertising expenses are recorded as expense to the extent that an advertising benefit separate from the revenue transaction can be identified and the cash paid does not exceed the fair value of that advertising benefit received. Any excess of cash paid over the fair value of the advertising benefit received is recorded as a reduction in revenue. We incurred advertising costs of $  27.8 million  , $  32.1 million   and $  49.4 million   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
  Convertible Debt 
  We separately account for the liability (debt) and equity (conversion option) components of our convertible debt instruments that require or permit settlement in cash upon conversion in a manner that reflects our nonconvertible debt borrowing rate at the time of issuance. The equity components of our convertible debt instruments are recorded to stockholders  equity with an offsetting debt discount. The debt discount created is amortized to interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations using the effective interest method over the expected term of the convertible debt. 
  Income Taxes 
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. This method also requires the recognition of future tax benefits such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not after consideration of all available evidence. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the fiscal years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. We do not accrue tax for the repatriation of foreign earnings expected to be indefinitely reinvested offshore. 
  We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. The weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. If positive evidence regarding projected future taxable income, exclusive of reversing taxable temporary differences, existed it would be difficult for it to outweigh objective negative evidence of recent financial reporting losses. Generally, cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece of negative evidence that is difficult to overcome in determining that a valuation allowance is not needed.  
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , valuation allowances have been established for all U.S. and for certain foreign deferred tax assets which we believe do not meet the  more likely than not  criteria for recognition. If we are subsequently able to utilize all or a portion of the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance has been established, then we may be required to recognize these deferred tax assets through the reduction of the valuation allowance which could result in a material benefit to our results of operations in the period in which the benefit is determined.  
  
   64 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Comprehensive Loss 
  For the purposes of comprehensive loss disclosures, we do not record tax provisions or benefits for the net changes in the foreign currency translation adjustment, as we intend to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings in our foreign subsidiaries. 
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, reflected in the consolidated statements of stockholders  equity, consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 

Concentration of Risk 
  Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk principally consist of cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and trade accounts receivable. We place our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities with financial institutions with high credit ratings. As part of our cash and investment management processes, we perform periodic evaluations of the credit standing of the financial institutions with whom we maintain deposits, and have not recorded any credit losses to-date. For trade accounts receivable, we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers  financial condition and limit the amount of credit extended when deemed appropriate. No customer accounted for greater than 10% of our net accounts receivable balance at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   or 10% of our revenue for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   or   2014  . 
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  Financial instruments including cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable are carried in the financial statements at amounts that approximate their fair value based on the short maturities of those instruments. Marketable securities and derivative instruments are carried at fair value. Refer to Note   9   for discussion of the fair value of our long-term debt. 
  Foreign Currency Translation 
  We have significant foreign operations and transact business in various foreign currencies. In general, the functional currency of a foreign operation is the local country s currency. Non-functional currency monetary balances are re-measured into the functional currency of the subsidiary with any related gain or loss recorded in   other expense, net  , in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Assets and liabilities of operations outside the United States ("U.S."), for which the functional currency is the local currency, are translated into United States dollars using period-end exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during each fiscal month during the year. The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are included as a component of   accumulated other comprehensive loss   in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Foreign currency transaction (losses) gains included in   other expense, net   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were   $(1.5) million  ,   $0.02 million  , and   $0.9 million  , respectively. 
  Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  We utilize derivative instruments to hedge specific financial risks including foreign exchange risk. We do not engage in speculative hedging activity. In order for us to account for a derivative instrument as a hedge, specific criteria must be met, including: (i) ensuring at the inception of the hedge that formal documentation exists for both the hedging relationship and the entity s risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge and (ii) at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the hedging relationship is expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value attributed to the hedged risk during the period that the hedge is designated. Further, an assessment of effectiveness is required whenever financial statements or earnings are reported. Absent meeting these criteria, changes in fair value are recognized in   other expense, net  , in the consolidated statements of operations. Once the underlying forecasted transaction is realized, the gain or loss from the derivative designated as a hedge of the transaction is reclassified from   accumulated other comprehensive loss   to the statement of operations, in the appropriate revenue or expense caption. Any ineffective portion of the derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is recognized in current earnings. We report cash flows arising from derivative financial instruments designated as fair value or cash flow hedges consistent with the classification of the cash flows from the underlying hedged items that these derivatives are hedging. Cash flows from derivatives that do not qualify as hedges are generally reported in cash flows from investing activities. Cash payments or  
  
   65 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

cash receipts on security price guarantees related to changes in the price of our own stock as discussed in Note   10  , are reported as cash flows from financing activities. 
  Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
  We account for stock-based compensation to employees and directors, including grants of employee stock options, purchases under employee stock purchase plans, and restricted awards through recognition of the fair value of the share-based awards as a charge against earnings in the form of stock-based compensation. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures. We recognize benefits from stock-based compensation in equity using the with-and-without approach for the utilization of tax attributes.  
  Net Loss Per Share    
  The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding gives effect to all potentially dilutive common equivalent shares, including outstanding stock options and restricted stock, shares held in escrow, contingently issuable shares under earn-out agreements once earned, warrants, and potential issuance of stock upon conversion of our   1.0%  ,   2.75%  , and   1.50%   Convertible Debentures. The convertible debentures are considered Instrument C securities due to the fact that only the excess of the conversion value on the date of conversion can be paid in our common shares; the principal portion of the conversion must be paid in cash. Therefore, only the shares of common stock potentially issuable with respect to the excess of the conversion value over its principal amount, if any, is considered as dilutive to the weighted average common shares calculation. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , diluted weighted average common shares outstanding is equal to basic weighted average common shares due to our net loss position. Common equivalent shares are excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share if their effect is anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive common equivalent shares aggregating to   8.8 million   shares,   10.7 million   shares and   10.9 million   shares for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.  
  Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
  In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted, and retroactively implemented Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-17, "Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes." Under this new guidance, we are required to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and any related valuation allowances, as noncurrent on our consolidated balance sheet. The cumulative effect of the change as of   September 30, 2015   on current and long-term deferred tax assets was a decrease of approximately   $57.3 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively, with an offsetting adjustment to long-term deferred tax liabilities, and had no impact on our shareholders' equity, results of operations or cash flows. Current deferred tax assets were included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and long-term deferred tax assets were included in other assets within our consolidated balance sheet.  
  In fiscal year 2016, we implemented ASU No. 2014-08, "Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity." Under this new guidance, we are required to change the criteria for determining which disposals can be presented as discontinued operations and requires enhanced disclosures. The implementation had no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted, and retroactively implemented ASU No. 2015-03, "Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs." Under this new guidance, we are required to present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the related debt liability on our consolidated balance sheet. The cumulative effect of the change as of   September 30, 2015   on other assets was a decrease of approximately   $15.7 million   with an offsetting adjustment to long-term portion of debt, and had no impact on our shareholders' equity, results of operations or cash flows. 
  In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted ASU No. 2015-16, "Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments" ("ASU 2015-16"). The amendments in the ASU 2015-16 require an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined and set forth new disclosure requirements related to the adjustments. The implementation had no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  
   66 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and are adopted by us as of the specified effective dates. Unless otherwise discussed, such pronouncements did not have or will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows or do not apply to our operations. 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ("ASC 2016-15"), which provides guidance on the classification of certain specific cash flow issues including debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, settlement of certain debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of certain insurance claims and distributions received from equity method investees. The standard requires the use of a retrospective approach to all periods presented, but may be applied prospectively if retrospective application would be impracticable. ASU 2016-15 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, and early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-15 on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2016-09"), which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, and early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases" ("ASU 2016-02"). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet a right-of-use asset, representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures designed to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The standard requires the use of a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. ASU 2016-02 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, and early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, "Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities" ("ASU 2016-01"). ASU 2016-01 amends the guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Although ASU 2016-01 retains many current requirements, it significantly revises accounting related to the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. ASU 2016-01 also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments and is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. We do not believe that ASU 2016-01 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-02,  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ("ASU 2015-02"). The amendments in ASU 2015-02 provide guidance on evaluating whether a company should consolidate certain legal entities. In accordance with the guidance, all legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. ASU 2015-02 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 with early adoption permitted. We do not believe that ASU 2015-02 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15, "Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern" ("ASU 2014-15"), to provide guidance on management's responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe that ASU 2014-15 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-12,   "  Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period" ("ASU 2014-12"). ASU 2014-12 requires that a performance target that affects vesting and could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in ASC 718, "Compensation - Stock Compensation," as it relates to such awards. ASU 2014-12 is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal year 2017 with early adoption permitted using either of two methods: (i) prospective to all awards granted or modified after the effective date; or (ii) retrospective to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter, with the cumulative effect of applying ASU 2014-12 as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in  
  
   67 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

the financial statements. We do not believe that ASU 2014-12 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606" ("ASU 2014-09"), to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing U.S. GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU 2014-09 is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal year 2019 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within ASU 2014-09; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per ASU 2014-09. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
           3. 
    Business Acquisitions 
     As part of our business strategy, we have acquired, and may acquire in the future, certain businesses and technologies primarily to expand our products and service offerings. 
  Fiscal Year 2016 Acquisitions 
  Acquisition of TouchCommerce, Inc.  
  In August 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of TouchCommerce. TouchCommerce is a provider of omni-channel solutions to engage their customers on any device through online chat, guides, personalized content, and other automated tools, resulting in enhanced customer experience, increased revenue and reduced support costs. We expect this acquisition to expand our customer care solutions with a range of new digital engagement offerings, including live chat, customer analytics and personalization solutions within our Enterprise segment. We expect to be able to provide an end-to-end engagement platform that merges intelligent self-service with assisted service to increase customer satisfaction, strengthen customer loyalty and improve business results. The aggregate consideration for this transaction was   $218.1 million  , and included   $113.0 million   paid in cash and   $85.0 million   paid in our common stock. The remaining   $20.1 million   is expected to be paid in November 2017 at the conclusion of an indemnity period in either cash or our common stock, at our election. The acquisition is a stock purchase and the goodwill resulting from this acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. The results of operations of this acquisition have been included in our Enterprise segment from the acquisition date. 
  
   68 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

A summary of the preliminary allocation of the purchase consideration for our TouchCommerce acquisition is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

(b)   
    Accounts receivable have been recorded at their estimated fair values and the fair value reserve was not material. 
       
            (c)   
    The following are the identifiable intangible assets acquired and their respective weighted average useful lives, as determined based on preliminary valuations (dollars in thousands): 

Other Fiscal Year 2016 Acquisitions 
  During fiscal year 2016, we acquired several other businesses, in our Healthcare segment that were not significant individually or in the aggregate. The total aggregate cash consideration for these acquisitions was   $50.0 million   including an estimated fair value for future contingent payments. The results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in our financial results since their respective acquisition dates. 
  Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because the effects of the business combinations completed in fiscal year 2016, individually and in aggregate, were not material to our consolidated financial results. We have also not presented revenue or the results of operations for each of these business combinations, from the date of acquisition, as they were not material to our consolidated financial results. 
  
   69 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The fair value estimates for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for acquisitions completed during fiscal year 2016 were based upon preliminary calculations and valuations, and our estimates and assumptions for each of these acquisitions are subject to change as we obtain additional information during the respective measurement periods (up to   one   year from the respective acquisition dates). The primary areas of preliminary estimates that were not yet finalized related to certain assets and liabilities acquired. There were no significant changes to the fair value estimates during the current year. 
  Fiscal Year 2015 Acquisitions 
  During fiscal year 2015, we acquired several businesses in our Mobile and Healthcare segments that were not significant individually or in the aggregate. The total aggregate cash consideration for these acquisitions was   $64.9 million  , including an estimated fair value for future contingent payments. The results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial results since their respective acquisition dates. 
  Fiscal Year 2014 Acquisitions 
  During fiscal year 2014, we acquired several businesses in our Imaging, Healthcare and Enterprise segments that were not significant individually or in the aggregate. The total aggregate cash consideration for these acquisitions was   $266.0 million  , including an estimated fair value for future contingent payments. The results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial results since their respective acquisition dates. 
   
           4. 
    Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
     The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for our reportable segments for fiscal years   2016   and   2015   were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reorganized the organizational management and oversight of our Dragon Consumer business, represented by our DNS reporting unit, which was previously reported within our Mobile segment and was moved into our Healthcare segment. Based on this reorganization,   $67.6 million   of goodwill related to our DNS reporting unit moved from our Mobile segment into our Healthcare segment during the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. As a result of this change, we performed an analysis and determined that we did not have a triggering event requiring us to perform an impairment test on our DNS and Healthcare reporting units. 
  
   70 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, we realigned our product portfolio which resulted in a change in the composition of our Mobile and Enterprise reporting units. We have reallocated goodwill among the affected reporting units, based on their relative fair value, and we reallocated   $29.9 million   of goodwill from our DNS reporting unit into our Mobile reporting unit, and we reallocated   $10.5 million   of goodwill from our Mobile reporting unit into our Enterprise reporting unit. The DNS and Mobile reporting units were both included in our Mobile reportable segment. As a result of this change, we determined that we had a triggering event requiring us to perform an impairment test on our DNS, Mobile, and Enterprise reporting units. We completed our impairment test during the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, and the fair value of the reorganized reporting units, both before and after the product realignment, substantially exceeded their carrying values. 
  Intangible assets consist of the following as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , which includes licensed technology with a net book value of   $59.1 million   and   $80.5 million  , respectively (dollars in thousands): 

Amortization expense for acquired technology and patents is included in the cost of revenue in the accompanying statements of operations and amounted to   $62.9 million  ,   $63.6 million   and   $61.0 million   in fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. Amortization expense for customer relationships, trade names, trademarks, and other, and non-competition agreements is included in operating expenses and amounted to   $108.0 million  ,   $104.6 million   and   $109.1 million   in fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively.  
  Estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years as of   September 30, 2016  , is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

71 

Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

5. 
    Accounts Receivable 
     Accounts receivable, net consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 

6. 
    Land, Building and Equipment, Net 
     Land, building and equipment, net consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 

At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , capitalized internally developed software costs, net were   $42.6 million   and   $43.7 million  , respectively, which are included in computers, software and equipment and construction in progress.  
  Depreciation expense for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $60.6 million  ,   $62.4 million   and   $51.7 million  , respectively, which included amortization expense of   $12.7 million  ,   $13.6 million   and   $7.9 million  , respectively, for internally developed software costs. 
   
           7. 
    Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
     Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 

72 

Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

8. 
    Deferred Revenue 
     Deferred maintenance revenue consists of prepaid fees received for post-contract customer support for our products, including telephone support and the right to receive unspecified upgrades/updates on a when-and-if-available basis. Unearned revenue includes fees for up-front set-up of the service environment; fees charged for on-demand service; certain software arrangements for which we do not have fair value of post-contract customer support, resulting in ratable revenue recognition for the entire arrangement on a straight-line basis; and fees in excess of estimated earnings on percentage-of-completion service contracts. 
  Deferred revenue consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 

9. 
    Debt and Credit Facilities 
     At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had the following borrowing obligations (dollars in thousands): 

In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted, and retroactively implemented ASU No. 2015-03, "Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs." Under this new guidance, we are required to present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the related debt liability on our consolidated balance sheet. The cumulative effect of the change as of   September 30, 2015   on other assets was a decrease of approximately   $15.7 million   with an offsetting adjustment to long-term portion of debt. 
  The following table summarizes the maturities of our borrowing obligations as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 
  
   73 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The estimated fair value of our long-term debt approximated   $2,630.3 million   (face value   $2,687.1 million  ) and   $2,249.1 million   (face value   $2,220.2 million  ) at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. These fair value amounts represent the value at which our lenders could trade our debt within the financial markets and do not represent the settlement value of these long-term debt liabilities to us at each reporting date. The fair value of the long-term debt will continue to vary each period based on fluctuations in market interest rates, as well as changes to our credit ratings. The Senior Notes and the Convertible Debentures are traded and the fair values of each borrowing was estimated using the averages of the bid and ask trading quotes at each respective reporting date. We had no outstanding balance on the Revolving Credit Facility at   September 30, 2016  , and no outstanding balance on the revolving credit agreement portion of our Credit Facility at   September 30, 2015  . 
  5.375% Senior Notes due 2020  
  On   August 14, 2012  , we issued   $700.0 million   aggregate principal amount of 5.375% Senior Notes due on   August 15, 2020   in a private placement. The net proceeds were approximately   $689.1 million  , net of issuance costs, and bear interest at   5.375%   per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears. On October 22, 2012, we issued, in a private placement, an additional   $350.0 million   aggregate principal amount of our   5.375%   Senior Notes due 2020 (collectively the "Notes"). The Notes were issued pursuant to the indenture agreement dated August 14, 2012, relating to our existing   $700.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   5.375%   Senior Notes due in   2020  . Total proceeds received, net of issuance costs, were   $351.7 million  . 
  The Notes are our unsecured senior obligations and are guaranteed (the  Guarantees ) on an unsecured senior basis by certain of our domestic subsidiaries, (the  Subsidiary Guarantors ). The Notes and Guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors' existing and future unsecured senior debt and rank senior in right of payment to all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors' future unsecured subordinated debt. The Notes and Guarantees effectively rank junior to all secured debt of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt and to all liabilities, including trade payables, of our subsidiaries that have not guaranteed the Notes. 
  At any time on or after   August 15, 2016  , we may redeem all or a portion of the Notes at certain redemption prices expressed as percentages of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.  
  Upon the occurrence of certain asset sales or a change in control, we must offer to repurchase the Notes at a price equal to   100%  , in the case of an asset sale, or   101%  , in the case of a change of control, of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
  6.0%   Senior Notes due 2024  
  In   June 2016  , we issued   $300.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   6.0%   Senior Notes due on   July 1, 2024   (the "2024 Senior Notes") in a private placement. The proceeds from the 2024 Senior Notes were approximately   $297.5 million  , net of issuance costs. The 2024 Senior Notes bear interest at   6.0%   per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears. 
  The 2024 Senior Notes are unsecured senior obligations and are guaranteed on an unsecured senior basis by our Subsidiary Guarantors. The 2024 Senior Notes and the guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors  existing and future unsecured senior debt, including our obligations and those of each such Subsidiary Guarantor under our senior  
  
   74 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

credit facility, and rank senior in right of payment to all of our and the Subsidiary Guarantors  future unsecured subordinated debt. The 2024 Senior Notes and guarantees effectively rank junior to all our secured debt and that of the Subsidiary Guarantors to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt and to all liabilities, including trade payables, of our subsidiaries that have not guaranteed the 2024 Senior Notes. 
  At any time before   July 1, 2019  , we may redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to   100%   of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus a  make-whole  premium and accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time on or after   July 1, 2019  , we may redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Senior Notes at certain redemption prices expressed as percentages of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time and from time to time before   July 1, 2019  , we may redeem up to   35%   of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes with the net cash proceeds received by us from certain equity offerings at a price equal to   106%   of the aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date, provided that the redemption occurs no later than   120 days   after the closing of the related equity offering, and at least   50%   of the original aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes remains outstanding immediately thereafter. 
  Upon the occurrence of certain asset sales or a change in control, we must offer to repurchase the 2024 Senior Notes at a price equal to   100%   in the case of an asset sale, or   101%   in the case of a change of control, of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
  1.0%   Convertible Debentures due 2035 
  In December 2015, we issued   $676.5 million   in aggregate principal amount of   1.0%   Senior Convertible Debentures due in 2035 (the  1.0% 2035 Debentures ). Total proceeds were   $663.8 million  , net of issuance costs, and we used a portion to repurchase   $38.3 million   in aggregate principal on our   2.75%   Senior Convertible Debentures due in 2031 (the  2031 Debentures ) and to repay the aggregate principal balance of   $472.5 million   on our term loan under the amended and restated credit agreement. The   1.0%   2035 Debentures bear interest at 1.0% per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears, beginning on June 15, 2016. In addition to ordinary interest and default additional interest, beginning with the semi-annual interest period commencing on December 15, 2022, contingent interest will accrue during any regular semi-annual interest period where the average trading price of our   1.0%   2035 Debentures for the ten trading day period immediately preceding the first day of such semi-annual period is greater than or equal to $1,200 per $1,000 principal amount of our   1.0%   2035 Debentures, in which case, contingent interest will accrue at a rate of 0.50% per annum of such average trading price. The 1.0% 2035 Debentures mature on   December 15, 2035  , subject to the right of the holders to require us to redeem the   1.0%   2035 Debentures on   December 15, 2022, 2027, or 2032  . The   1.0%   2035 Debentures are general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the   1.0%   2035 Debentures. The   1.0%   2035 Debentures will be effectively subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
  We account separately for the liability and equity components of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. The guidance requires the carrying amount of the liability component to be estimated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated conversion feature and record the remainder in stockholders  equity. At issuance, we allocated   $495.4 million   to long-term debt, and   $181.1 million   has been recorded as additional paid-in capital, which is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through December 2022.  
  If converted, the principal amount of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures is payable in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will (based on an initial conversion rate, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately   $27.22   per share, subject to adjustment) be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, only in the following circumstances and to the following extent: (i) prior to June 15, 2035, on any date during any fiscal quarter beginning after March 31, 2016 (and only during such fiscal quarter) if the closing sale price of our common stock was more than   130%   of the then current conversion price for at least   20   trading days in the period of the   30   consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous fiscal quarter; (ii) during the five consecutive business-day period following any   five   consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price for   $1,000   principal amount of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures for each day during such five trading-day period was less than   98%   of the closing sale price of our common stock multiplied by the then current conversion rate; (iii) upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, as described in the indenture for the   1.0%   2035 Debentures; or (iv) at the option of the holder at any time on or after June 15, 2035. Additionally, we may redeem the   1.0%   2035 Debentures, in whole or in part, on or after December 20, 2022 for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Each holder shall have the right, at such holder s option, to require us to repurchase all or any portion of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures held by such holder on December 15, 2022, December 15, 2027, or December 15, 2032 at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. If we undergo a  
  
   75 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

fundamental change or non-stock change of control (as described in the indenture for the   1.0%   2035 Debentures) prior to maturity, holders will have the option to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their debentures for cash at a price equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the   1.0%   2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. As of   September 30, 2016  , none of the conversion criteria were met for the   1.0%   2035 Debentures. If the conversion criteria were met, we could be required to repay all or some of the aggregate principal amount in cash prior to the maturity date. 
  2.75%   Convertible Debentures due 2031 
  On   October 24, 2011  , we sold   $690.0 million   of   2.75%   Convertible Debentures due in   2031   in a private placement. Total proceeds, net of issuance costs, were   $676.1 million  . The   2031   Debentures bear interest at   2.75%   per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears. The   2031   Debentures mature on   November 1, 2031  , subject to the right of the holders to require us to redeem the   2031   Debentures on   November 1, 2017, 2021, and 2026  . The   2031   Debentures are general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the   2031   Debentures. The   2031   Debentures will be effectively subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries.  
  We account separately for the liability and equity components of the   2031   Debentures in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. At issuance, we allocated   $533.6 million   to long-term debt, and   $156.4 million   has been recorded as additional paid-in capital, which is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through November 2017. 
  In June 2015, we entered into separate privately negotiated agreements with certain holders of our   2031   Debentures to exchange, in a private placement,   $256.2 million   in aggregate principal amount of our   2031   Debentures for approximately   $263.9 million   in aggregate principal amount of our 1.5% 2035 Debentures. Upon repurchase we recorded an extinguishment loss of   $17.7 million   in   other expense, net  , in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In December 2015, we entered into separate privately negotiated agreements with certain holders of our 2031 Debentures to repurchase   $38.3 million   in aggregate principal with proceeds received from the issuance of our   1.0%   2035 Debentures. Upon repurchase we recorded an extinguishment loss of   $2.4 million   in   other expense, net  , in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In accordance with the authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments, a loss on extinguishment is equal to the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt for our   2031   Debentures, including any unamortized debt discount or issuance costs. Following this activity,   $395.5 million   in aggregate principal amount of our   2031   Debentures remain outstanding. The aggregate debt discount is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through   November 2017  . 
  If converted, the principal amount of the   2031   Debentures is payable in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will (based on an initial conversion rate, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately   $32.30   per share, subject to adjustment) be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, only in the following circumstances and to the following extent: (i) on any date during any fiscal quarter (and only during such fiscal quarter) if the closing sale price of our common stock was more than   130%   of the then current conversion price for at least   20   trading days in the period of the   30   consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous fiscal quarter; (ii) during the   five   consecutive business-day period following any   five   consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price for   $1,000   principal amount of the   2031   Debentures for each day during such five trading-day period was less than   98%   of the closing sale price of our common stock multiplied by the then current conversion rate; (iii) upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, as described in the indenture for the   2031   Debentures; or (iv) at the option of the holder at any time on or after   May 1, 2031  . Additionally, we may redeem the   2031   Debentures, in whole or in part, on or after   November 6, 2017   at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. Each holder shall have the right, at such holder's option, to require us to repurchase all or any portion of the   2031   Debentures held by such holder on   November 1, 2017  ,   November 1, 2021  , and   November 1, 2026   at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. If we undergo a fundamental change (as described in the indenture for the   2031   Debentures) prior to maturity, holders will have the option to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their debentures for cash at a price equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , no conversion triggers were met. If the conversion triggers were met, we could be required to repay all or some of the aggregate principal amount in cash prior to the maturity date.  
  1.50%   Convertible Debentures due 2035 
  In June 2015, we issued   $263.9 million   in aggregate principal amount of   1.50%   Senior Convertible Debentures due in 2035 (the  1.5% 2035 Debentures ) in exchange for   $256.2 million   in aggregate principal amount of our 2031 Debentures. Total proceeds, net of issuance costs, were   $253.2 million  . The 1.5% 2035 Debentures were issued at   97.09%   of the principal amount, which  
  
   76 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

resulted in a discount of   $7.7 million  . The 1.5% 2035 Debentures bear interest at   1.50%   per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears, beginning on November 1, 2015. In addition to ordinary interest and default additional interest, beginning with the semi-annual interest period commencing on November 1, 2021, contingent interest will accrue during any regular semi-annual interest period where the average trading price of our 1.5% 2035 Debentures for the ten trading day period immediately preceding the first day of such semi-annual period is greater than or equal to $1,200 per $1,000 principal amount of our 1.5% 2035 Debentures, in which case, contingent interest will accrue at a rate of 0.50% per annum of such average trading price. The 1.5% 2035 Debentures mature on November 1, 2035, subject to the right of the holders to require us to redeem the 1.5% 2035 Debentures on November 1, 2021, 2026, or 2031. The 1.5% 2035 Debentures are general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the 1.5% 2035 Debentures. The 1.5% 2035 Debentures will be effectively subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
  We account separately for the liability and equity components of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. At issuance, we allocated   $208.6 million   to long-term debt, and   $55.3 million   has been recorded as additional paid-in capital, which is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method through November 2021. 
  If converted, the principal amount of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures is payable in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount, will (based on an initial conversion rate, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately   $23.26   per share, subject to adjustment) be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, only in the following circumstances and to the following extent: (i) prior to May 1, 2035, on any date during any fiscal quarter beginning after September 30, 2015 (and only during such fiscal quarter) if the closing sale price of our common stock was more than   130%   of the then current conversion price for at least   20   trading days in the period of the   30   consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous fiscal quarter; (ii) during the five consecutive business-day period following any   five   consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price for   $1,000   principal amount of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures for each day during such five trading-day period was less than   98%   of the closing sale price of our common stock multiplied by the then current conversion rate; (iii) upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions, as described in the indenture for the 1.5% 2035 Debentures; or (iv) at the option of the holder at any time on or after May 1, 2035. Additionally, we may redeem the 1.5% 2035 Debentures, in whole or in part, on or after November 5, 2021 for cash at a price equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Each holder shall have the right, at such holder s option, to require us to repurchase all or any portion of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures held by such holder on November 1, 2021, November 1, 2026, or November 1, 2031 at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. Upon repurchase, we will pay the principal amount in cash and any amounts payable in excess of the principal amount will be paid in cash or shares of our common stock, at our election, with the exception that we may not elect to pay cash in lieu of more than 80% of the number of our common shares we would be obligated to deliver. If we undergo a fundamental change (as described in the indenture for the 1.5% 2035 Debentures) prior to maturity, holders will have the option to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their debentures for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 1.5% 2035 Debentures to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, including any additional interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , none of the conversion criteria were met for the 1.5% 2035 Debentures. If the conversion criteria were met, we could be required to repay all or some of the aggregate principal amount in cash prior to the maturity date. 
  Revolving Credit Facility 
  In April 2016, we entered into a credit agreement that provides for a   $242.5 million   revolving credit line, including letters of credit (together, the  Revolving Credit Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility matures on April 15, 2021. As of   September 30, 2016  , issued letters of credit in the aggregate amount of   $4.0 million   were treated as issued and outstanding when calculating the borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $238.5 million   available for additional borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility. Any amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest, at either (i) LIBOR plus an applicable margin of   1.50%   or   1.75%  , or (ii) the alternative base rate plus an applicable margin of   0.50%   or   0.75%  . The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by substantially all assets of ours and our Subsidiary Guarantors. The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and conditions to borrowing, as well as customary events of default. 
  Credit Facility 
  The amended and restated credit agreement, entered into on August 7, 2013, includes a term loan and a   $75.0 million   revolving credit agreement, inclusive of any issued letters of credit (together, the "Credit Facility"). In December 2015, we repaid the aggregate principal balance of   $472.5 million   on the term loan with proceeds received from the issuance of our   1.0%   2035 Debentures. We recorded a loss of   $2.5 million   on the extinguishment, representing the unamortized debt discount and issuance  
  
   77 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

costs, in   other expense, net  , in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In connection with entering into the Revolving Credit Facility on April 15, 2016, we terminated our   $75.0 million   revolving credit agreement. 
   
           10. 
    Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 
     Derivatives not Designated as Hedges 
  Forward Currency Contracts 
  We operate our business in countries throughout the world and transact business in various foreign currencies. Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our operations. We have a program that primarily utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to offset the risks associated with the effect of certain foreign currency exposures. Our program is designed so that increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures are offset by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts in order to mitigate the risks and volatility associated with our foreign currency transactions. Generally, we enter into such contracts for less than   90   days and have no cash requirements until maturity. At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had outstanding contracts with a total notional value of   $215.2 million   and   $138.5 million  , respectively. 
  We have not designated these forward contracts as hedging instruments pursuant to the authoritative guidance for derivatives and hedging, and accordingly, we record the fair value of these contracts at the end of each reporting period in our consolidated balance sheet, with the unrealized gains and losses recognized immediately in earnings as   other expense, net   in our consolidated statements of operations. The cash flows related to the settlement of these contracts are included in cash flows from investing activities within our consolidated statement of cash flows. 
    
  Security Price Guarantees 
  From time to time we enter into agreements that allow us to issue shares of our common stock as part or all of the consideration related to business acquisitions, partnering and technology acquisition activities. Some of these shares are issued subject to security price guarantees, which are accounted for as derivatives. We have determined that these instruments would not be considered equity instruments if they were freestanding. Certain of the security price guarantees require payment from either us to a third party, or from a third party to us, based upon the difference between the price of our common stock on the issue date and an average price of our common stock approximately six months following the issue date. We have also issued minimum price guarantees that may require payments from us to a third party based on the average share price of our common stock approximately six months following the issue date if our stock price falls below the minimum price guarantee. Changes in the fair value of these security price guarantees are reported in   other expense, net   in our consolidated statements of operations. We have no outstanding shares subject to security price guarantees at   September 30, 2016  . During the years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2014  , we paid cash totaling   $0.3 million   and   $5.3 million  , respectively, upon the settlement of these agreements. 
  The following table provides a quantitative summary of the fair value of our derivative instruments as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (dollars in thousands): 

The following tables summarize the activity of derivative instruments for the fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (dollars in thousands): 

78 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Other Financial Instruments 
  Financial instruments including cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable are carried in the consolidated financial statements at amounts that approximate their fair value based on the short maturities of those instruments. Marketable securities and derivative instruments are carried at fair value. 
   
   Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Valuation techniques must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of nonperformance. 
  The following summarizes the three levels of inputs required to measure fair value, of which the first two are considered observable and the third is considered unobservable: 
             
    Level 1.   Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets which we can access. 
                
    Level 2.   Observable inputs other than those described as Level 1. 
                
    Level 3.   Unobservable inputs based on the best information available, including management s estimates and assumptions. 
     Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   consisted of (dollars in thousands): 

79 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

(a)   
    Money market funds and U.S. government agency securities, included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying balance sheets, are valued at quoted market prices in active markets. 
               (b)   
    The fair values of our time deposits, commercial paper, corporate notes and bonds, and foreign currency exchange contracts are based on the most recent observable inputs for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active or are directly or indirectly observable. Time deposits are generally for terms of one year or less. The commercial paper and corporate notes and bonds mature within three years and have a weighted average maturity of   0.88 years   as of   September 30, 2016  .  
               (c)   
    The fair value of our contingent consideration arrangements are determined based on our evaluation as to the probability and amount of any earn-out that will be achieved based on expected future performance by the acquired entity. 
     The following table provides a summary of changes in fair value of our Level 3 financial instruments for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (dollars in thousands): 

Our financial liabilities valued based upon Level 3 inputs are composed of contingent consideration arrangements relating to our acquisitions. We are contractually obligated to pay contingent consideration to the selling shareholders upon the achievement of specified objectives, including the achievement of future bookings and sales targets related to the products of the acquired entities and therefore are recorded as contingent consideration liabilities at the time of the acquisitions. We update our assumptions each reporting period based on new developments and record such amounts at fair value based on the revised assumptions until the consideration is paid upon the achievement of the specified objectives or eliminated upon failure to achieve the specified objectives. 
  Contingent acquisition payment liabilities are scheduled to be paid in periods through   fiscal year 2019  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we could be required to pay up to   $17.2 million   for contingent consideration arrangements if the specified objectives are achieved. We have determined the fair value of the liabilities for the contingent consideration based on a probability-weighted discounted cash flow analysis. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the contingent consideration liability associated  
  
   80 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

with future payments was based on several factors, the most significant of which are the estimated cash flows projected from future product sales and the risk adjusted discount rate for the fair value measurement.  
   
  12.  Restructuring and Other Charges, Net 
  Restructuring and other charges, net include restructuring expenses together with other charges that are unusual in nature and are the result of unplanned events, and arise outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Restructuring expenses consist of employee severance costs and may also include charges for excess facility space and other contract termination costs. Other charges may include gains or losses on non-controlling strategic equity interests, litigation contingency reserves and gains or losses on the sale or disposition of certain non-strategic assets or product lines. 
    
  The components of restructuring and other charges, net are as follows: 

The following table sets forth accrual activity relating to restructuring reserves for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (dollars in thousands): 

81 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Restructuring and other charges, net by segment are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Fiscal     Year     2016 
  For fiscal year   2016  , we recorded restructuring charges of   $24.7 million  . The restructuring charges included   $13.1 million   for severance related to the reduction of approximately   452   employees as part of our initiatives to reduce costs and optimize processes. The restructuring charges also included a   $11.6 million   charge for the closure of certain excess facility space. We expect that the remaining severance payments of   $2.7 million   will be substantially paid by the end of fiscal year 2017. We expect that the remaining payments of   $11.1 million   for the closure of excess facility space will be paid through fiscal year   2025  , in accordance with the terms of the applicable leases. 
  In addition, during fiscal year   2016  , we have recorded certain other charges that totaled   $0.5 million   for litigation contingency reserves. 
  Fiscal Year 2015 
  For fiscal year 2015, we recorded restructuring charges of   $18.0 million  , which included   $8.5 million   for severance related to the reduction of approximately   200   employees as part of our initiatives to reduce costs and optimize processes as well as the reduction of approximately   60   employees that eliminated duplicative positions resulting from acquisitions in fiscal year 2014. The restructuring charges also included   $9.6 million   charge for the closure of certain excess facility space, including facilities acquired from acquisitions.  
  In addition, during fiscal year 2015, we have recorded certain other charges that totaled   $5.6 million   for the impairment of certain long-lived assets as a result of our strategic realignment of our product portfolio and litigation contingency reserves. 
  
   82 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Fiscal Year 2014 
  For fiscal year 2014, we recorded net restructuring charges of   $16.5 million  , which included a   $13.3 million   severance charge related to the reduction of headcount by approximately   250   employees across multiple functions including the impact of eliminating duplicative positions resulting from acquisitions, and   $3.2 million   primarily resulting from the restructuring of facilities that will no longer be utilized. 
  In addition, during fiscal year 2014, we have recorded certain other charges that totaled   $2.9 million   primarily for litigation contingency reserves. 

13. 
    Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
     Cash paid for Interest and Income Taxes: 

Non Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 
  From time to time, we issue shares of our common stock in connection with our business and asset acquisitions, including shares issued as payment for acquisitions, shares initially held in escrow, and shares issued as payment for contingent consideration, which is discussed in Notes   2   and   3  . In addition, in connection with certain collaboration agreements we have issued shares of our common stock to our partners in satisfaction of our payment obligations under the terms of the agreements, which is discussed in Notes   2   and   10  . 
   
           14. 
    Stockholders' Equity 
     Share Repurchases 
  On   April 29, 2013  , our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program for up to   $500.0 million   of our outstanding shares of common stock. On April 29, 2015, our Board of Directors approved an additional   $500.0 million   under our share repurchase program. We repurchased   9.4 million   shares,   19.8 million   shares and   1.6 million   shares for   $197.5 million  ,   $299.2 million   and   $26.4 million   during the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, under the program. These shares were retired upon repurchase. Since the commencement of the program, we have repurchased   40.7 million   shares for   $707.5 million  , including   1.0 million   shares repurchased from our Chief Executive Officer in fiscal year 2016. Approximately   $292.5 million   remained available for share repurchases as of   September 30, 2016   pursuant to our share repurchase program. Under the terms of the share repurchase program, we have the ability to repurchase shares from time to time through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods. The share repurchase program does not require us to acquire any specific number of shares and may be modified, suspended, extended or terminated by us at any time without prior notice. The timing and the amount of any purchases will be determined by management based on an evaluation of market conditions, capital allocation alternatives, and other factors.  
  During fiscal year 2016, we changed our method of recognizing the amount paid to repurchase common shares in excess of the par value. Historically we allocated any excess of cost over par value between accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital. Under our new method of accounting, we recognize any excess of cost over par value in additional paid-in capital. The resulting reclassification is not considered material as there is no impact to total shareholders  equity and only represents a reclassification between individual equity line items. Accordingly, the financial data for all periods presented has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the effect of this accounting change. The cumulative effect of the change on additional paid-in capital as of September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was a decrease of approximately   $672.7 million  ,   $333.8 million  ,   $229.0 million   and   $218.2 million  , respectively, with an offsetting adjustment to accumulated deficit. 
  
   83 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Related Party Share Repurchases 
  In December 2015, as part of our share repurchase program, we repurchased   1.0 million   shares from our Chief Executive Officer, composed of   649,649   outstanding shares and   800,000   vested stock options with a net share equivalent of   350,351   shares, for an aggregate purchase price of   $21.4 million  , which approximated the fair value of our common stock on the day of the repurchase. 
  In March 2016, our Board of Directors approved a repurchase agreement with the Icahn Group to repurchase   26.3 million   shares of our common stock at a price of   $19.00   per share, which approximated the fair value of our common stock on the day of the repurchase, for a total purchase price of   $500.0 million   (the "Repurchase"). At the closing of the Repurchase, we paid   $375.0 million   in cash and issued a promissory note in the amount of   $125.0 million  . The promissory note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to approximately   2.64%   and had a maturity date of June 13, 2016. On April 15, 2016, we fully repaid the promissory note. Immediately prior to the Repurchase, the Icahn Group owned approximately   60.8 million   shares, or approximately   20%  , of our outstanding common stock. Based on publicly available information, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Icahn Group s holdings of our common stock was approximately   19.7 million   shares, or   6.8%   of our outstanding common stock. In connection with the Repurchase, David Schechter and Brett Icahn, the Icahn Group representatives on our Board of Directors, resigned from our Board of Directors. 
  Stock Issuances 
  During the year ended September 30, 2016, we issued   403,325   shares of our common stock to our partner in a healthcare collaboration agreement as settlement for a buy-out option and   5,749,807   shares of our common stock as consideration for our acquisition of TouchCommerce, which are discussed in Notes 2 and 3. During the year ended September 30, 2015, we issued   288,148   shares of our common stock as a settlement for a contingent earn-out obligation, which is discussed in Notes   2   and   10  . During the years ended September 30, 2014, we issued   234,375   shares, respectively, of our common stock as consideration under our collaboration agreements, which is discussed in Note 2.  
  Preferred Stock 
  We are authorized to issue up to   40,000,000   shares of preferred stock, par value   $0.001   per share. The undesignated shares of preferred stock will have rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, as shall be determined by the Board of Directors upon issuance of the preferred stock. 
  Series A Preferred Stock 
  We have designated   1,000,000   shares as Series A Preferred Stock, par value   $0.001   per share. The Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends equal to the greater of   $1.00   and   1,000   times the aggregate per share amount of all dividends declared on our Common Stock. Holders of each share of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to   1,000   votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation, and shall vote as one class. The Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable, and has the right to certain liquidation preferences over our Common Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks junior to all other series of the Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets. 
  Series B Preferred Stock 
  We have designated   15,000,000   shares as Series B Preferred Stock, par value   $0.001   per share. The Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of common stock on a   one  -for-  one   basis and has a liquidation preference of   $1.30   per share plus all declared but unpaid dividends. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to non-cumulative dividends at the rate of   $0.05   per annum per share, payable when, and if, declared by the Board of Directors. To date, no dividends have been declared by the Board of Directors. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock have no voting rights, except those rights provided under Delaware law. As of   September 30, 2016  , there are no outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 
  
   84 

Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

15. 
    Stock-Based Compensation 
     We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period. Our share-based awards are accounted for as equity instruments. The amounts included in the consolidated statements of operations relating to stock-based compensation are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Stock Options 
  We have share-based award plans under which employees, officers and directors may be granted stock options to purchase our common stock, generally at fair market value. Our plans do not allow for options to be granted at below fair market value, nor can they be re-priced at any time. Options granted under our plans become exercisable over various periods, typically   2   to   4   years and have a maximum term of   10   years. We have also assumed options and option plans in connection with certain of our acquisitions. These stock options are governed by the plans and agreements that they were originally issued under but are now exercisable for shares of our common stock. 

85 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The table below summarizes activity relating to stock options for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  : 

_______________________________________ 
            (a)   
    The aggregate intrinsic value in this table was calculated based on the positive difference, if any, between the closing market price of our common stock on   September 30, 2016   (  $14.50  ) and the exercise price of the underlying options. 
        
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   no   unamortized fair value of stock options. A summary of weighted-average grant-date (including assumed options) fair value and intrinsic value of stock options exercised is as follows: 

We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the grant-date fair value of an award. The fair value of the assumed unvested stock options was calculated using a lattice model. There were no stock option grants in fiscal years   2016   and   2015  . For   fiscal year 2014  , the fair value of the stock options granted and unvested options assumed from acquisitions were calculated using the following weighted-average assumptions: 

86 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The dividend yield of   zero   is based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends and have no present intention to pay cash dividends. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock over the period commensurate with the expected life of the options and the historical implied volatility from traded options with a term of   180 days   or greater. The risk-free interest rate is derived from the average U.S. Treasury STRIPS rate during the period, which approximates the rate in effect at the time of grant, commensurate with the expected life of the instrument. We estimate the expected term of options granted based on historical exercise behavior. 
  Restricted Awards 
  We are authorized to issue equity incentive awards in the form of Restricted Awards, including Restricted Units and Restricted Stock, which are individually discussed below. Unvested Restricted Awards may not be sold, transferred or assigned. The fair value of the Restricted Awards is measured based upon the market price of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant, reduced by the purchase price of   $0.001   per share of the awards. The unvested Restricted Awards generally are subject to vesting over a period of   two   to   four   years. We also issued certain Restricted Awards with vesting solely dependent on the achievement of specified performance targets. The fair value of the Restricted Awards is amortized to expense over the awards  applicable requisite service periods using the straight-line method. In the event that the employees  employment with us terminates, or in the case of awards with only performance goals, if those goals are not met, any unvested shares are forfeited and revert to us. 
  In order to satisfy our employees  withholding tax liability as a result of the vesting of Restricted Awards, we have historically repurchased shares upon the employees  vesting. In fiscal year   2016  , we withheld payroll taxes totaling   $68.4 million   relating to   3.6 million   shares of common stock that were repurchased or canceled. Based on our estimate of the Restricted Awards that will vest or be released in fiscal year   2017  , and further assuming that approximately one-third of these Restricted Awards would be repurchased or canceled to satisfy the employee s withholding tax liability (such amount approximating the tax rate of our employees), we would have an obligation to pay cash relating to approximately   3.0 million   shares during fiscal year   2017  . 
  Restricted Units 
  Restricted Units are not included in issued and outstanding common stock until the shares are vested and released. The table below summarizes activity relating to Restricted Units: 

(1)   
    The aggregate intrinsic value on this table was calculated based on the positive difference between the closing market value of our common stock on   September 30, 2016   (  $14.50  ) and the exercise price of the underlying Restricted Units. 

87 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

A summary of weighted-average grant-date fair value, including those assumed in respective periods, and intrinsic value of all Restricted Units vested is as follows: 

Restricted Stock Awards 
  Restricted Stock is included in the issued and outstanding common stock in these financial statements at the date of grant. The table below summarizes activity relating to Restricted Stock: 

A summary of weighted-average grant-date fair value, including those assumed in respective periods, and the intrinsic value of all Restricted Stock vested is as follows: 

1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
  Our 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( the Plan ), as amended and restated on   January 27, 2015  , authorizes the issuance of a maximum of   20,000,000   shares of common stock in semi-annual offerings to employees at a price equal to the lower of   85%   of the closing price on the applicable offering commencement date or   85%   of the closing price on the applicable offering termination date. Stock-based compensation expense for the employee stock purchase plan is recognized for the fair value benefit accorded to participating employees. At   September 30, 2016  , we have reserved   7,724,427   shares for future issuance. A summary of the weighted-average grant-date fair value, shares issued and total stock-based compensation expense recognized related to the Plan are as follows: 

88 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The fair value of the purchase rights granted under this plan was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model that uses the following weighted-average assumptions, which were derived in a manner similar to those discussed above relative to stock options: 

16. 
    Commitments and Contingencies 
     Operating Leases 
  We have various operating leases for office space around the world. In connection with many of our acquisitions, we assumed facility lease obligations. Among these assumed obligations are lease payments related to office locations that were vacated by certain of the acquired companies prior to the acquisition date. Additionally, certain of our lease obligations have been included in various restructuring charges (Note   12  ).  
  The following table outlines our gross future minimum payments under all non-cancelable operating leases as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

At   September 30, 2016  , we have subleased certain office space that is included in the above table to third parties. Total sublease income under contractual terms for restructured facilities is   $58.1 million  , and ranges from approximately $  5.3 million   to $  7.7 million   on an annual basis through   August 2025  . Sublease income related to other operating facilities is minimal. 
    
  Total rent expense, including rent expense for our data centers, was approximately   $38.3 million  , $  41.8 million   and $  47.5 million   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
    
  Litigation and Other Claims 
  Similar to many companies in the software industry, we are involved in a variety of claims, demands, suits, investigations and proceedings that arise from time to time relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to contracts, intellectual property, employment, benefits and securities matters. We have estimated the amount of probable losses that may result from all currently pending matters, and such amounts are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. These recorded amounts are material neither to our consolidated financial position nor results of operations and no additional material losses related to these pending matters are reasonably possible. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters with certainty, we do not expect the results of any of these actions to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. However, each of these matters is subject to uncertainties, the actual losses may prove to be larger or smaller than the accruals reflected in our consolidated financial statements, and we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

89 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Guarantees and Other 
  We include indemnification provisions in the contracts we enter into with customers and business partners. Generally, these provisions require us to defend claims arising out of our products  infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, breach of contractual obligations and/or unlawful or otherwise culpable conduct. The indemnity obligations generally cover damages, costs and attorneys  fees arising out of such claims. In most, but not all cases, our total liability under such provisions is limited to either the value of the contract or a specified, agreed upon amount. In some cases our total liability under such provisions is unlimited. In many, but not all cases, the term of the indemnity provision is perpetual. While the maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under all the indemnification provisions is unlimited, we believe the estimated fair value of these provisions is minimal due to the low frequency with which these provisions have been triggered. 
    
  We indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, which provides among other things, indemnification to directors and officers for expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and settlement amounts incurred by such persons in their capacity as a director or officer of the company, regardless of whether the individual is serving in any such capacity at the time the liability or expense is incurred. Additionally, in connection with certain acquisitions we have agreed to indemnify the former officers and members of the boards of directors of those companies, on similar terms as described above, for a period of   six   years from the acquisition date. In certain cases we purchase director and officer insurance policies related to these obligations, which fully cover the   six   year period. To the extent that we do not purchase a director and officer insurance policy for the full period of any contractual indemnification, and such directors and officers do not have coverage under separate insurance policies, we would be required to pay for costs incurred, if any, as described above. 
   
           17. 
    Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits 
       
  Defined Contribution Plans 
  We have established a retirement savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code (the  401(k) Plan ). The 401(k) Plan covers substantially all of our U.S. employees who meet minimum age and service requirements, and allows participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation on a pre-tax basis. Effective   July 1, 2003  , a company match of employee s contributions was established. We match   50%   of employee contributions up to   4%   of eligible salary. Employer's contributions vest one-third annually over a   three  -year period. Our contributions to the 401(k) Plan that covers substantially all of our U.S. employees who meet the minimum requirements totaled $  6.6 million  , $  6.9 million   and $  6.9 million   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. We make contributions to various other plans in certain of our foreign operations; total contributions to these plans are not material. 
    
  Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
  We sponsor certain defined benefit pension plans that are offered primarily by our foreign subsidiaries. Many of these plans were assumed through our acquisitions or are required by local regulatory requirements. We may deposit funds for these plans with insurance companies, third party trustees, or into government-managed accounts consistent with local regulatory requirements, as applicable. Our total defined benefit plan pension expenses were   $0.1 million  ,   $0.3 million   and   $0.2 million   for fiscal years   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. The aggregate projected benefit obligation and aggregate net liability of our defined benefit plans as of   September 30, 2016   was   $32.1 million   and   $8.2 million  , respectively, and as of   September 30, 2015   was   $35.5 million   and   $7.3 million  , respectively. 
   
   The components of   income (loss)   before income taxes are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

90 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The components of the   provision (benefit)   for income taxes are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

The   provision (benefit)   for income taxes differed from the amount computed by applying the federal statutory rate to our   income (loss)   before income taxes as follows (dollars in thousands): 

The effective income tax rate is based upon the income for the year, the composition of the income in different countries, changes relating to valuation allowances for certain countries if and as necessary, and adjustments, if any, for the potential tax consequences, benefits or resolutions of audits or other tax contingencies. Our aggregate income tax rate in foreign jurisdictions is lower than our income tax rate in the United States; the majority of our income before provision for income taxes from foreign operations has been earned by subsidiaries in Ireland. Our effective tax rate may be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory tax rates. 
  The effective income tax rate in fiscal year 2016 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to current period losses in the United States that require an additional valuation allowance that provide no benefit to the provision, an increase in indefinite lived deferred tax liabilities, and a net increase in tax related to a one-time repatriation of foreign earnings offset by the utilization of previously unbenefited domestic loss and credit carryforwards. These were partially offset by our earnings in foreign operations that are subject to a significantly lower tax rate than U.S. statutory tax rate, driven primarily by our subsidiaries in Ireland, and a   $22.1 million   release of domestic valuation allowance as a result of tax benefits recorded in connection with our acquisitions during the period for which a deferred tax liability was established in purchase accounting. 
  The effective income tax rates in fiscal year 2015 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of   35%   primarily due to current period losses in the United States that require an additional valuation allowance that provide no benefit to the provision and an increase to indefinite lived deferred tax liabilities, partially offset by our earnings in foreign operations that are subject to a significantly lower tax rate than the U.S. statutory tax rate, driven primarily by our subsidiaries in Ireland. 
  
   91 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The effective income tax rate in fiscal 2014 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of   35%   primarily due to a   $31.2 million   release of domestic valuation allowance as a result of tax benefits recorded in connection with our acquisitions during the period for which a deferred tax liability was established in purchase accounting. In addition, the effective income tax rate in fiscal 2014 was impacted by our foreign operations which are subject to a significantly lower tax rate than the U.S. statutory tax rate, driven primarily by our subsidiaries in Ireland. 
  In March 2016, our Board of Directors approved an agreement with the Icahn Group to repurchase   26.3 million   shares of our common stock at a price of   $19.00   per share, for a total purchase price of   $500.0 million  . The Repurchase was funded with domestic and foreign cash. The Repurchase was initiated by the Icahn Group in January 2016 and was a one-time, unforeseen event prior to the initiation. We have authorized the repatriation of   $250.0 million   foreign earnings previously considered indefinitely reinvested to fund the Repurchase, of which   $189.0 million   was repatriated in fiscal year 2016 and   $61.0 million   remains available for repatriation in the future. As a result of the fiscal year 2016 repatriation, we have recorded a   $0.7 million   increase to our provision for income taxes, net of benefit from the use of U.S. Federal net operating losses and credit carryforwards. This one-time event does not change our ability or intent to indefinitely reinvest the remaining undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries amounted to   $393.6 million  . We have not provided taxes on   $323.2 million   of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries that we consider indefinitely reinvested. Our indefinite reinvestment determination is based on the future operational and capital requirements of our domestic and foreign operations. We expect the cash held by our foreign subsidiaries of   $116.5 million   will continue to be used for our foreign operations and therefore do not anticipate repatriating these funds. As of   September 30, 2016  , it is not practical to calculate the unrecognized deferred tax liability on these earnings due to the complexities of the utilization of foreign tax credits and other tax assets. 
  Deferred tax assets (liabilities) consist of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (dollars in thousands): 

In fiscal year 2016, we early adopted, and retroactively implemented ASU No. 2015-17, "Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes." Under this new guidance, we are required to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and any related valuation allowances, as noncurrent on our consolidated balance sheet. The cumulative effect of the change as of September 30, 2015 on current and long-term deferred tax assets was a decrease of approximately   $57.3 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively,  
  
   92 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

with an offsetting adjustment to long-term deferred tax liabilities. Current deferred tax assets were included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and long-term deferred tax assets were included in other assets within our consolidated balance sheet. 
  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. During fiscal year   2016  , the valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets decreased by   $131.6 million  . This decrease mainly relates to the release of valuation allowance against our net domestic deferred tax assets in connection with net operating losses utilized associated with the one-time repatriation in fiscal year 2016 and the recording of deferred tax liabilities related to the issuance of convertible debt as well as acquisitions. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have   $75.1 million   and   $35.1 million   in valuation allowance against our net domestic and foreign deferred tax assets, respectively. As of   September 30, 2015  , we had   $192.5 million   and   $49.3 million   in valuation allowance against our net domestic and foreign deferred tax assets, respectively.  
  The majority of deferred tax assets relate to net operating losses, the use of which may not be available as a result of limitations on the use of acquired losses. With respect to these operating losses, there is no assurance that they will be used given the current assessment of the limitations on their use or our current projection of future taxable income in the entities for which these losses relate. Based on our analysis, we have concluded that it is not more likely than not that the majority of our deferred tax assets can be realized and therefore a valuation allowance has been assigned to these deferred tax assets. If we are subsequently able to utilize all or a portion of the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance has been established, then we may be required to recognize these deferred tax assets through the reduction of the valuation allowance which could result in a material benefit to our results of operations in the period in which the benefit is determined.  
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of   $627.9 million   and   $872.1 million  , respectively, of which   $199.6 million   and   $186.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, relate to tax deductions from stock-based compensation which will be recorded as additional paid-in-capital when realized. At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had state net operating loss carryforwards of   $264.8 million   and   $303.4 million  , respectively. The net operating loss and credit carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar state tax provisions. At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of   $178.2 million   and   $222.6 million  , respectively. These carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in   2017   and extending up to an unlimited period. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had federal research and development carryforwards and foreign tax credit carryforwards of   $52.2 million   and   $34.5 million  , respectively. At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had state research and development credit carryforwards of   $7.8 million   and   $6.2 million  , respectively. At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had foreign investment tax credit carryforwards of   $13.1 million   and   $14.3 million  , respectively. 
  Uncertain Tax Positions 
  We establish reserves for tax uncertainties that reflect the use of the comprehensive model for the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions. Under the comprehensive model, reserves are established when we have determined that it is more likely than not that a tax position will or will not be sustained and at the greatest amount for which the result is more likely than not. 
  The aggregate changes in the balance of our gross unrecognized tax benefits were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , $  27.3 million   of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. We do not expect a significant change in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next   12 months  . We recognized interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in our provision for income taxes and had accrued $  2.2 million   of such interest and penalties as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   93 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

We are subject to U.S. federal income tax, various state and local taxes, and international income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. The federal tax returns for 1999 through 2012 remain subject to examination for the purpose of determining the amount of remaining tax NOL and other carryforwards. The 2013 through   2015   years remain open for all purposes of examination by the IRS and other taxing authorities in material jurisdictions. 
   
           19. 
    Segment and Geographic Information and Significant Customers 
     We operate in, and report financial information for, the following   four   reportable segments: Healthcare, Mobile, Enterprise, and Imaging. Segment profit is an important measure used for evaluating performance and for decision-making purposes and reflects the direct controllable costs of each segment together with an allocation of sales and corporate marketing expenses, and certain research and development project costs that benefit multiple product offerings. Segment profit represents   income (loss) from operations   excluding stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, net, restructuring and other charges, net, costs associated with intellectual property collaboration agreements,   other expense, net   and certain unallocated corporate expenses. We believe that these adjustments allow for more complete comparisons to the financial results of the historical operations. 
  The Healthcare segment is primarily engaged in clinical speech and clinical language understanding solutions that improve the clinical documentation process - from capturing the complete patient record to improving clinical documentation and quality measures for reimbursement. The Mobile segment is primarily engaged in providing a broad portfolio of specialized virtual assistants and connected services built on voice recognition, text-to-speech, natural language understanding, dialog, and text input technologies. Our Enterprise segment is primarily engaged in using speech, natural language understanding, and artificial intelligence to provide automated customer solutions and services for voice, mobile, web and messaging channels. The Imaging segment is primarily engaged in software solutions and expertise that help professionals and organizations to gain optimal control of their document and information processes through scanning and print management. 
    
  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reorganized the organizational management and oversight of our Dragon Consumer business, which was previously reported within our Mobile segment and has now been moved into our Healthcare segment. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, we reclassified certain government payroll incentive credits previously reported in the general and administrative expense to research and development expense, cost of revenue, and sales and marketing. Accordingly, the segment results in prior periods have been recast to conform to the current period segment reporting presentation. 
  
   94 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

We do not track our assets by operating segment. Consequently, it is not practical to show assets by operating segment or depreciation by operating segment. The following table presents segment results along with a reconciliation of segment profit to   income (loss) before income taxes   (dollars in thousands): 

(a)   
    Segment revenues differ from reported revenues due to certain revenue adjustments related to acquisitions that would otherwise have been recognized but for the purchase accounting treatment of the business combinations. These revenues are included to allow for more complete comparisons to the financial results of historical operations and in evaluating management performance.  
       
  No country outside of the United States provided greater than 10% of our total revenue. Revenue, classified by the major geographic areas in which our customers are located, was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

95 

     Table of Contents  
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.    
    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

No country outside of the United States held greater than 10% of our long-lived or total assets. Our long-lived assets, including intangible assets and goodwill, were located as follows (dollars in thousands): 

20. 
    Quarterly Data (Unaudited) 
     The following information has been derived from unaudited consolidated financial statements that, in the opinion of management, include all recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of such information (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 

96 

Table of Contents  

Item 9. 
    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
       
  Not applicable. 

Item 9A. 
    Controls and Procedures 
       
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed (i) to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed and summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
    
  Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
                
    provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and, 
                
    provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
       
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , utilizing the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework ("2013 framework"). Management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of TouchCommerce, Inc., which was acquired on August 16, 2016, and which is included in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the year then ended. TouchCommerce, Inc. constituted   0.3%   and   0.4%   of total assets and net assets, respectively, as of September 30, 2016, and   0.3%   and   21.7%   of revenues and net loss, respectively, for the year then ended. Based on the results of this assessment, management (including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer) has concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
  The attestation report concerning the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016   issued by BDO USA, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, appears in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal   2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

97 

Table of Contents  

Item 9B. 
    Other Information 
     None. 

PART III 
    
  Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K since we intend to file our definitive Proxy Statement for our next Annual Meeting of Stockholders, pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Proxy Statement ), within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year covered by this report, and certain information to be included in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 10. 
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
       
  The information required by this item concerning our directors is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section titled  Election of Directors  in our Proxy Statement. Information required by this item concerning our executive officers is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section entitled  Executive Compensation, Management and Other Information  in our Proxy Statement. Information regarding Section 16 reporting compliance is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section entitled  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  in our Proxy Statement. 
    
  Our Board of Directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for all of our directors, officers and employees on February 24, 2004. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can be found at our website: www.nuance.com. We will provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Such a request should be made in writing and addressed to Investor Relations, Nuance Communications, Inc., 1 Wayside Road, Burlington, MA 01803. 
    
  To date, there have been no waivers under our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We will post any waivers, if and when granted, of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website at www.nuance.com. 

Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation 
       
  The information required by this item regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section titled  Executive Compensation, Management and Other Information  in our Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
       
  The information required by this item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the sections titled  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  and  Equity Compensation Plan Information  in our Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
       
  It is the policy of the Board that all transactions required to be reported pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K be subject to approval by the Audit Committee of the Board. In furtherance of relevant NASDAQ rules and our commitment to corporate governance, the charter of the Audit Committee provides that the Audit Committee shall review and approve any proposed related party transactions including, transactions required to be reported pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K for potential conflict of interest situations. The Audit Committee reviews the material facts of all transactions that require the committee s approval and either approves or disapproves of the transaction. In determining whether to approve a transaction, the Audit Committee will take into account, among other factors it deems appropriate, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances. 
    
  The additional information required by this item regarding certain relationships and related party transactions is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the sections titled  Transactions with Related Persons  and  Corporate Governance-Board Independence  in our Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. 
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
       
  The information required by this section is incorporated by reference from the information in the section entitled  Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  in our Proxy Statement. 

98 

     Table of Contents  

PART IV 

Item 15. 
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
       
           (a) 
    The following documents are filed as a part of this Report: 
              (1) 
    Financial Statements   See Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Report. 
              (2) 
    Financial Statement Schedules   All schedules have been omitted as the requested information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes included as part of this Report. 
              (3) 
    Exhibits   See Item 15(b) of this Report below. 
              (b) 
    Exhibits. See Exhibit Index, which is incorporated by reference in this Item. The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed herewith or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report. 
     
   99 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 

By:  
    /s/  Paul A. Ricci 

Paul A. Ricci 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

POWER OF ATTORNEY  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
  KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Paul A. Ricci and Daniel D. Tempesta, and each of them acting individually, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney may be executed in counterparts. 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Table of Contents  

/s/  Paul A. Ricci 
      Date: November 22, 2016 
      
    Paul A. Ricci, Chief Executive Officer and 
  Chairman of the Board 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/  Daniel D. Tempesta 
      Date: November 22, 2016 
      
    Daniel D. Tempesta 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/  Robert J. Finocchio, Jr. 
      Date: November 22, 2016 
      
    Robert J, Finocchio, Jr., Director 

/s/  Robert J. Frankenberg 
      Date: November 22, 2016 
      
    Robert J. Frankenberg, Director 

/s/  William H. Janeway 
      Date: November 22, 2016 
      
    William H. Janeway, Director 

/s/  Mark R. Laret 
      Date: November 22, 2016 
      
    Mark R. Laret, Director 

/s/  Katharine A. Martin 
      Date: November 22, 2016 
      
    Katharine A. Martin, Director 

/s/  Philip Quigley 
      Date: November 22, 2016 
      
    Philip Quigley, Director 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

Incorporated by Reference 
      Exhibit Index # 
      
    Exhibit Description 
      
    Form 
      
    File No. 
      
    Exhibit 
      
    Filing Date 
      
    Filed Herewith 
      31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

X 
      32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

X 
      101 

The following materials from Nuance Communications, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity and Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

* 
      
    Denotes management compensation plan or arrangement 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 nuan09302016ex109.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.9

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.9 
    
  DATE 
    
  OFFICER NAME 
  OFFICER ADDRESS 

Dear ________: 
    
  Congratulations! It is with great pleasure that I provide our offer of employment in the position of ______________________________ reporting to Paul Ricci, Chief Executive Officer of Nuance Communications, Inc. The anticipated start date for this position will be ________________. Your initial work location will be in _______________. At the next Board of Directors meeting following your hire date, scheduled for _____________, I will recommend to the Board that you be appointed an Executive Officer.  
    
  Your starting annual base salary will be $_______________ paid on a bi-weekly basis.  In addition to your base salary, you will be eligible to participate in the Fiscal Year Nuance Incentive for Performance (IFP) Bonus Program, which currently pays a target of up to __% of base salary, pro-rated based on your date of hire for FYxx.  
    
  Once you have accepted our offer, I will recommend that the Nuance Communications Compensation Committee grant you the equity awards outlined below on the first grant cycle following your date of hire:  
    
  The first, will be a time-based vesting restricted stock award of xxxxxx shares with a three year vesting schedule as follows: xxxxxx shares will vest on 9/30/xx, xxxxxxx shares will vest on 9/30/xx and the remaining xxxxxx shares to vest on 9/30/xx, provided you remain an active employee at such time. Details of the restricted stock award will be provided to you when the grants are finalized. 
    
  The second, a performance-based award will consist of up to xxxxx shares, which will vest, if ever, upon the achievement of certain Board approved financial targets at the end of each fiscal year as follows:  up to xxxxxx shares in FYxx, up to xxxxxx shares in FYxx and up to xxxxxx shares in FYxx  If achievement is not met or you terminate employment before date of determination of achievement, you will not vest in the installment for the applicable measurement period and that portion of the award will lapse. 
    
  You will be eligible for annual compensation reviews, normally scheduled in the first quarter of each fiscal year, based on performance, beginning in FYxx. 
    
  As a full-time employee, you will be eligible for our comprehensive benefits package which goes into effect as of your date of hire. The enclosed material outlines all of our benefits to which you are entitled as a Nuance Communications employee. In addition to the standard employee benefits as an executive, you will be entitled to enhanced benefits that include the following:  
       An annual $5,000 gross tax   financial planning reimbursement allowance. 
       An individual term life insurance policy valued at $500,000 assuming medical clearance. 
       An Enhanced annual executive wellness benefit. 
       An Enhanced executive disability coverage which currently provides for a benefit of up to 60% of eligible earnings, capped at $18,500 per month, which will be tax free upon qualification. 
       An Enhanced separation benefits per the terms and conditions in the Change of Control and Severance Agreement. 
    
  Your employment with Nuance Communications will be  at will , meaning that either you or Nuance Communications will be entitled to terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. 

Should your employment with the company be involuntarily terminated for any reason other than cause, and you execute a standard severance agreement, you will receive a severance package as outlined in the executive severance plan in effect at the time of departure.   
    
  Any representations which may have been made to you are superseded by this offer. This, along with the Change of Control and Severance Agreement, is the full and complete agreement between you and Nuance Communications. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as Nuance Communications  personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the  at will  nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of Nuance Communications.  
    
  This offer is contingent upon your satisfying the conditions of hire, including providing proof of your eligibility to work in the United States and successful completion of a background check. An Employment Eligibility Verification form is attached to this letter. Please read it carefully and call me if you have any questions. Also, like all Nuance Communications employees, you will be required, as a condition to your employment, to sign Nuance Communications  standard Non-Compete, Proprietary Information,   Conflict of Interest Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto. 
    
  We, at Nuance Communications, are proud of our reputation and we feel confident that you will be a positive addition to the Sr. Management Team, while the position will afford you the opportunity to grow your professional skill set. 
    
  ______, we would appreciate it if you would confirm your acceptance of our employment offer, by signing this offer confirmation letter and returning it to my attention as soon as possible. If this offer is not executed by ____________ it will expire and no employment commitments as outlined will be honored. 
    
  If you have further questions regarding our offer, feel free to contact me at _____________. I look forward to our working together and your joining the Nuance Communications organization. 
  Sincerely, 
    
  Dawn Howarth 
  Chief Human Resources Officer 
    
  cc:    P. Ricci 
  Employee File 

Enclosures/Forms:     Employment Eligibility Verification form, Benefits Summary, Non-Compete, Proprietary Information,   Conflict of Interest Agreement. 
    
  I ACCEPT THE OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT AS STATED ABOVE: 

_________________________________        ______________________ 
  New Hire Signature                Date of Acceptance 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 nuan09302016ex1010.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.10 
    
  [SVP/EVP] 
    
  NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
    
  CHANGE OF CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
    
  This Change of Control and Severance Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made and entered into by and between [_______] ( Executive ) and Nuance Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), effective as of [DATE] (the  Effective Date ). 
  RECITALS 
    
  1.    The Compensation Committee (the  Committee ) of the Board of Directors of the Company (the  Board ) has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication and objectivity of Executive, notwithstanding the possibility, threat, or occurrence of a Change of Control. 
  2.    The Committee believes that it is imperative to provide Executive with severance benefits upon Executive s termination of employment under certain circumstances to provide Executive with enhanced financial security, incentive and encouragement to remain with the Company. 
  3.    The Executive and the Company are party to an employment offer letter or agreement dated on or about [_______] (the  Employment Agreement ). 
  4.    Certain capitalized terms used in the Agreement are defined in Section 7 below. 
  AGREEMENT 
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Executive s continued employment and the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
  1.      Term of Agreement.    This Agreement will have an initial term commencing on the Effective Date and ending September 30, 20__ (the  Initial Term ).  At the end of the Initial Term, this Agreement will renew automatically for additional one (1) year terms (each an  Additional Term ), unless either party provides the other party with written notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the date of automatic renewal. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, if a Change of Control occurs when there are fewer than twelve (12) months remaining during the Initial Term or an Additional Term, the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is twelve (12) months following the effective date of the Change of Control.  If Executive becomes entitled to benefits under Section 3 during the term of this Agreement, the Agreement will not terminate until all of the obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied.  For avoidance of doubt, Executive will not be entitled to severance benefits under Section 3 due solely to notice of non-renewal or termination of the Agreement due to non-renewal.   
  2.      At-Will Employment  .  The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, except as otherwise specifically provided under the terms of a written employment agreement between the Company and Executive.   
  3.      Severance Benefits  . 
  (a)      Termination Other than During Change of Control Period.   If Executive s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries is terminated other than for Cause, and such termination occurs outside the Change of Control Period, then, subject to Section 4, Executive will receive from the Company: 
  (i)      Severance  .  A lump sum severance payment equal to one hundred percent (100%) of Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the termination date. 
  (ii)      Continued Employee Benefits  .  Continuation coverage under the terms of the Company medical benefit plan pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended ( COBRA ) for Executive and/or Executive s eligible dependants, subject to Executive timely electing COBRA coverage.  For one year from the date of Executive s termination the Company will pay directly on Executive s behalf the COBRA premiums (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination). 
  (b)      Termination Following a Change of Control  .  If during the Change of Control Period (i) Executive s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries is terminated other than for Cause, or (ii) Executive resigns for Good Reason, then, subject to Section 4, Executive will receive from the Company: 

(i)      Severance.    A lump sum severance payment equal to one hundred percent (100%) of Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the termination date (or, if greater, as in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control). 
  (ii)      Target Bonus  .  A lump sum severance payment equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the greater of (1) Executive s target bonus for the year in which Executive s termination occurs, or (2) Executive s target bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control.  
  (iii)      Continued Employee Benefits.    Continuation coverage under the terms of the Company medical benefit plan pursuant to COBRA for Executive and/or Executive s eligible dependants, subject to Executive timely electing COBRA coverage.  For one year from the date of Executive s termination the Company will pay directly on Executive s behalf the COBRA premiums (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Executive s termination).  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing benefit without potentially violating, or being subject to an excise tax under, applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to the product of (x) twelve (12), multiplied by (y) the monthly COBRA premium that Executive otherwise would be required to pay to continue the group health coverage for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable, as in effect on the date of Executive s termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), which payment will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage.  For the avoidance of doubt, the taxable payment in lieu of COBRA reimbursements may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings. 
  (iv)      Vesting of Equity Awards  .  One hundred percent (100%) of Executive s outstanding and unvested time-vesting equity awards (excluding any awards vesting based on performance) covering shares of the Company s common stock will become vested in full. 
  (c)      Vesting of Performance Shares  .  Upon a Change of Control, a number of Executive s outstanding performance-based restricted stock units granted under the Company s 2000 Stock Plan (the  Plan ) that are subject to performance goals for the year in which the Change of Control occurs will become eligible for time-based vesting assuming the performance goals had been achieved at 100% of targeted performance (the  Eligible Shares ).  Following the Change of Control, the original time-based vesting schedule for the Eligible Shares will cease to apply and the Eligible Shares will instead vest on the last day of the performance period in which the Change of Control occurs, subject to Executive s remaining a Service Provider (as defined in the Plan) through such date, or, if earlier, upon Executive s termination by the Company or its successor other than for Cause or upon Executive s resignation for Good Reason.  Such performance-based restricted stock units will otherwise remain subject to the terms of the Plan and the applicable award agreement. 
  (d)      Voluntary Resignation; Termination for Cause  . If Executive s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries terminates in a voluntary resignation (other than for Good Reason during the Change of Control Period), or if the Executive is terminated for Cause, then Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except as otherwise provided by applicable law or those (if any) as may be available under the Company s severance and benefit plans and policies in effect at the time of such termination. 
  (e)      Accrued Amounts  .  Without regard to the reason for, or the timing of, Executive s termination of employment, the Company shall pay Executive: (i) any unpaid base salary due for periods prior to the date of termination, (ii) accrued and unused vacation, as required under the applicable Company policy; and (iii) all expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the business of the Company prior to the date of termination in accordance with the Company s business expense reimbursement policy.  These payments shall be made promptly upon termination and within the period of time mandated by law. 
  (f)      Exclusive Remedy  .  In the event of termination of Executive s employment as set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement, the provisions of Section 3 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which Executive or the Company may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity, or under this Agreement (other than the payment of accrued but unpaid wages, as required by law, or any unreimbursed reimbursable expenses).  During the term of this Agreement, Executive will be entitled to no benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon termination of employment, including under the Employment Agreement or other agreement with the Company, other than those benefits expressly set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement. 
  (g)      Transfer between Company and any Subsidiary  .  For purposes of this Section 3, if Executive s employment relationship with the Company or any subsidiary of the Company ceases, Executive will not, solely by virtue thereof, be determined to have been terminated without Cause for purposes of this Agreement if Executive continues to remain employed by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company immediately thereafter (e.g., upon transfer of Executive s employment from the Company to a Company subsidiary). 

4.      Conditions to Receipt of Severance 
  (a)      Release of Claims Agreement  .  The receipt of any severance payments or benefits in Section 3 pursuant to this Agreement is subject to Executive signing and not revoking a separation agreement and release of claims in substantially the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A (the  Release ), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination of employment (the  Release Deadline ).  If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, Executive will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under this Agreement.  Any severance payments or benefits otherwise payable to Executive between the termination date and the Release Deadline will be paid on or within fifteen (15) days following the Release Deadline, or, if later, such time as required by Section 5(a), except that acceleration of vesting of equity awards not subject to Section 409A will become effective on the date the Release becomes effective. In no event will severance payments or benefits be paid or provided until the Release actually becomes effective and irrevocable. 
  (b)      Proprietary Information and Non-Competition Agreement  .  Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits under Section 3 will be subject to Executive continuing to comply with the terms of any agreements between Executive and the Company concerning inventions, confidentiality and restrictive covenants including, as applicable, post-closing restrictions (the  Confidentiality Agreement ).  
  5.      Section 409A  . 
  (a)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Deferred Payments will be paid or otherwise provided until Executive has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A.  Similarly, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(b)(9) will be payable until Executive has a  separation from service  within the meaning of Section 409A.  In addition, if Executive is a  specified employee  within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executive s separation from service (other than due to death), then the Deferred Payments, if any, that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executive s separation from service, will become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive s separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Payments, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following Executive s separation from service, but before the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive s death and all other Deferred Payments will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.  Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment under Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
  (b)    Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the  short-term deferral  rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of this Agreement. 
  (c)    Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of this Agreement.  
  (d)    The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to so comply.  Specifically, the payments hereunder are intended to be exempt from the Requirements of Section 409A under the  short-term  deferral rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations.  The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition before actual payment to Executive under Section 409A.  In no event will the Company reimburse Executive for any taxes that may be imposed on Executive as a result of Section 409A. 
  6.    Limitation on Payments.  In the event that the severance and other benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable to Executive (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the  Excise Tax ), then Executive s benefits under this Agreement shall be either 
  (a)    delivered in full, or 
  (b)    delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to the Excise Tax, 

whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code.  If a reduction in severance and other benefits constituting  parachute payments  is necessary so that benefits are delivered to a lesser extent, reduction will occur in the following order: (1) reduction of cash payments, (2) cancellation of equity awards granted within the twelve-month period prior to a  change of control  (as determined under Code Section 280G) that are deemed to have been granted contingent upon the change of control (as determined under Code Section 280G), (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards and (4) reduction of continued employee benefits.  In the event that accelerated vesting of equity awards is to be cancelled, such vesting acceleration will be cancelled in the reverse chronological order of the award grant dates.   
  Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section shall be made in writing by the Company s independent public accountants (the    Accountants   ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes.  For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Section 280G and 4999 of the Code.  The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section.  The Company shall bear all costs the Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section. 
  7.      Definition of Terms  .  The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings: 
  (a)      Cause  .     Cause    will mean (i) any act of dishonesty or fraud taken by Executive in connection with his or her responsibilities as an employee; (ii) Executive s breach of the fiduciary duty or duty of loyalty owed to the Company, or breach of the duty to protect the Company s confidential and proprietary information, (iii) Executive s conviction or plea of nolo contendere to a felony or a crime involving fraud, embezzlement, dishonesty, misappropriation of funds or any other act of moral turpitude, (iv) Executive s gross negligence or misconduct in the performance of his or her duties, (v) Executive s breach of this Agreement or written policies of the Company; (vi) Executive s engagement in conduct or activities that result or will potentially result in negative publicity or public disrespect, contempt or ridicule of the Company; (vii) Executive s failure to abide by the lawful directives of the Company, (viii) Executive s failure to satisfactorily perform the primary duties of Executive s position after receiving written notice of the issue and the Executive s performance has not improved to a satisfactory level within a ninety (90) day period of time following such notice; or (ix) Executive s death or absence from work due to a disability for a period in excess of ninety (90) days in any twelve month period that qualifies for benefits under the Company s long-term disability program. 
  (b)      Change of Control  .     Change of Control    will mean the occurrence of any of the following events: 
  (i)    any  person  (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the total voting power represented by the Company's then outstanding voting securities;  
  (ii)    the consummation by the Company of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation that has been approved by the stockholders of the Company, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or  
  (iii)    the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets (it being understood that the sale or spinoff of one or more divisions of the Company shall not constitute the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets).  
  Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change of Control if: (i) its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company s incorporation, or (ii) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
  (c)       Change of Control Period  .     Change of Control Period    means the period beginning on a Change of Control and ending on the one-year anniversary of the Change of Control. 
  (d)      Code  .     Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
  (e)    Deferred Payments.   Deferred Payments  means any severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that, in each case, when considered together, and any other severance payments or separation benefits that, in each case, when considered together, are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A. 

(f)      Exchange Act  .     Exchange Act    means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
  (g)      Good Reason  .     Good Reason    means Executive s termination of employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration of any cure period (discussed below) following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without Executive s express written consent: (i) a material reduction in Executive s duties, authority or responsibilities; provided, however, that the following will not constitute  Good Reason : (1) Executive s continued employment following the Change of Control with substantially the same responsibility with respect to the Company s business and operations (for example, Executive will not experience a  Good Reason  condition if Executive has substantially the same responsibilities with respect to the business of the Company as Executive had immediately prior to the Change of Control whether Executive s title is revised to reflect Executive s placement within the overall corporate hierarchy and whether Executive provides services to a subsidiary, affiliate, business unit or otherwise), (2) changes to duties, authority or responsibilities following and related to a  going-private  transaction with significant management equity participation, or (3) changes to duties, authority or responsibilities that results solely from the Company s ceasing to be a stand-alone public corporation; (ii) a material reduction by the Company in the annual base compensation of the Executive as in effect immediately prior to such reduction, other than a uniform reduction applicable to all executives generally (provided that one or more reductions in base compensation totaling ten percent (10%) or less will not constitute a material reduction for purposes of this clause (ii)); (iii) the relocation of the Executive to a facility or a location more than fifty (50) miles from the Executive s then present location; or (iv) the failure of the Company to obtain the assumption of this agreement by any successors contemplated in Section 8 below.  In order for an event to qualify as Good Reason, Executive must not terminate employment with the Company without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for  Good Reason  within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for  Good Reason  and the Company shall have failed to cure during a period of thirty (30) days following the date of such notice. 
  (h)      Section 409A  .     Section 409A    means Section 409A of the Code and the final Treasury Regulations and any official Internal Revenue Service guidance promulgated thereunder. 
  (i)      Section 409A Limit  .     Section 409A Limit    means two (2) times the lesser of: (i) Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during the Executive s taxable year preceding the Executive s taxable year of Executive s termination of employment as determined under, and with such adjustments as are set forth in, Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated. 
  8.      Successors  . 
  (a)      The Company s Successors  .  Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company s business and/or assets will assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession.  For all purposes under this Agreement, the term  Company  will include any successor to the Company s business and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 8(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law. 
  (b)      Executive s Successors  .  The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
  9.      Notice  . 
  (a)      General  .  Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered, when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, or when delivered by private courier service such as UPS or Federal Express that has tracking capability.  In the case of Executive, mailed notices will be addressed to him or her at the home address which he or she most recently communicated to the Company in writing.  In the case of the Company, mailed notices will be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices will be directed to the Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel of the Company. 
  (b)      Notice of Termination  .  Any termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 9(a) of this Agreement.  Such notice will indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice or any shorter period required herein).   

10.      Resignation  .  Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive will be deemed to have resigned from all officer and/or director positions held at the Company and its affiliates voluntarily, without any further required action by Executive, as of the end of Executive s employment and Executive, at the Board s request, will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect Executive s resignation. 
  11.      Miscellaneous Provisions  . 
  (a)      No Duty to Mitigate  .  Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement (whether by seeking new employment or in any other manner), nor shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source. 
  (b)      Waiver.    No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
  (c)      Headings  .  All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
  (d)      Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement, along with the Confidentiality Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, during the term of this Agreement.  For avoidance of doubt, this Agreement is intended to supersede all severance or termination payment or benefit provisions of the Employment Agreement during the term of this Agreement, but the Employment Agreement will continue in full force and effect independent of this Agreement, except as expressly provided herein.  To the extent its terms otherwise apply, the Employment Agreement will survive following termination of this Agreement due to non-renewal of this Agreement, but in no event will Executive receive severance under the Employment Agreement for a termination of employment that occurs while this Agreement is in effect.  No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto and which specifically mention this Agreement. 
  (e)      Choice of Law  .  [FOR MA RESIDENTS:] [This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and the Company and the Executive each consent to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.] [FOR CA RESIDENTS:]  [This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of California, and the Company and the Executive each consent to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the State of California.].   
  (f)      Severability  .  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect. 
  (g)      Withholding  .  All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable income, employment and other taxes. 
  (h)      Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year set forth below. 
    
  COMPANY                            NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
  By:                                                                                                        
  Title:                                                                                                            
  Date:                                                                                                            
    
  EXECUTIVE                                                                                                                  
    
  Date:                                                                                                            

EXHIBIT A 
  FORM OF SEPARATION   RELEASE AGREEMENT 
  This Separation   Release Agreement (the  Agreement ) is made by and between Nuance Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ) and _______________ ( Executive ).  The Company and Executive are sometimes referred to collectively as the  Parties  and individually as a  Party.  
  WHEREAS, Executive has agreed to enter this Agreement whereby Executive will release any and all claims Executive may have against the Company and other released parties upon certain events specified in the Change of Control and Severance Agreement by and between Company and Executive (the  Severance Agreement ). 
  NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 
  1.      Termination  .  Executive s employment from the Company terminated on ________________ (the  Termination Date ). 
  2.      Confidential Information  .  Subject to Section 13, Executive shall continue to maintain the confidentiality of all confidential and proprietary information of the Company and shall continue to comply with the terms and conditions of the Proprietary Information, Inventions and Non-Competition Agreement (the  Confidentiality Agreement ) between Executive and the Company.  Executive agrees that the above reaffirmation and agreement with the Confidentiality Agreement shall constitute a new and separately enforceable agreement to abide by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, entered and effective as of the Effective Date.  Executive specifically acknowledges and agrees that any violation of the restrictive covenants in the Confidentiality Agreement shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. Executive shall return all the Company property and confidential and proprietary information in Executive s possession to the Company on the Effective Date of this Agreement.   
  3.      Payment of Salary and Receipt of All Benefits  .  Executive acknowledges and represents that, other than the severance and benefits to be paid as set forth in the Severance Agreement, the Company has paid or provided all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation, premiums, leaves, relocation costs, interest, fees, reimbursable expenses, commissions, stock, stock options, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to Executive. 
  4.      Non-Solicitation  .  In exchange for the severance pay and other consideration under the Severance Agreement to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled, Executive agrees that for a period of one (1) year after the Termination Date, Executive will not, without the express written consent of the Company, in its sole discretion, [(a) solicit any business that is competitive with the Company s business from any client or customer of the Company or (b) either in Executive s individual capacity or on behalf of or through any other entity, either directly or indirectly, hire, engage, recruit or participate in any way in the hiring, engagement or recruitment of, or participate in any effort to hire or solicit, any current or future employees of the Company or any subsidiary thereof.]  [Delete bracketed text for employees in California and substitute the following:  directly or indirectly solicit any of the employees of the Company or any subsidiary thereof to leave their employment with the Company or any subsidiary thereof. ] 
  5.      Non-disparagement  .  In exchange for the severance pay and other consideration under the Severance Agreement to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled, Executive agrees not to disparage the Company, the Company s officers, directors, employees, shareholders and agents, in any manner likely to be harmful to them or the Company s business, business reputation or personal reputation. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent either Executive or the Company employees who are aware of the existence of this Agreement from responding accurately and fully to any question, inquiry or request for information when required by legal process, nor prevent Executive from engaging in Protected Activities (as defined below).   
  6.    [Non-Compete.  In exchange for the severance pay and other consideration under the Severance Agreement to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled, Executive agrees that for a period of one (1) year after the Termination Date, Executive will not, without the express written consent of the Company, in its sole discretion, enter, engage in, participate in, or assist, either as an individual on your own or as a partner, joint venturer, employee, agent, consultant, officer, trustee, director, owner, part-owner, shareholder, or in any other capacity, in the United States of America, directly or indirectly, any other business organization whose activities or products are competitive with the activities or products of the Company then existing or under development. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit Executive from working for an employer that is engaged in activities or offers products that are competitive with the activities and products of the Company so long as Executive does not work for or with the department, division, or group in that employer s organization that is engaging in such activities or developing such products.  Executive recognizes that these restrictions on competition are reasonable because of the Company s investment in goodwill, its customer lists, and other proprietary information and Executive s knowledge of the Company s business and business plans. If any period of time or geographical area should be judged unreasonable in any judicial proceeding, then the period of time or geographical area shall be reduced to such extent as may be deemed required so as to be reasonable and enforceable. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from making passive investments of  

not more than two percent (2%) of a class of securities of any business enterprise registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.][Delete paragraph for employees located in California.] 
  7.      Release of Claims  .  Executive agrees that the consideration to be paid in accordance with the terms of the Severance Agreement represents settlement in full of all outstanding obligations owed to Executive by the Company.  Executive, on behalf of himself, and his respective heirs, family members, executors and assigns, hereby fully and forever releases the Company and its past, present and future officers, agents, directors, employees, investors, shareholders, administrators, affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, parents, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns, from, and agrees not to sue or otherwise institute or cause to be instituted any legal or administrative proceedings concerning any claim, duty, obligation or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that Executive may possess arising from any omissions, acts or facts that have occurred up until and including the Effective Date of this Agreement including, without limitation, 
  (a)    any and all claims relating to or arising from Executive s employment relationship with the Company and the termination of that relationship;  
  (b)    any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Executive s right to purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company, including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal law;  
  (c)    any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment; termination in violation of public policy; discrimination; breach of contract, both express and implied; breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied; promissory estoppel; negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress; negligent or intentional misrepresentation; negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage; unfair business practices; defamation; libel; slander; negligence; personal injury; assault; battery; invasion of privacy; false imprisonment; and conversion; 
  (d)    any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Family Rights Act; the California Labor Code, the California Workers  Compensation Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, Massachusetts Law Prohibiting Unlawful Discrimination, as amended, Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 151B,   1 et seq., Massachusetts Discriminatory Wage Rates Penalized Law (Massachusetts Equal Pay Law), as amended, Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 149,   105A et seq., Massachusetts Right to be Free from Sexual Harassment Law, Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 214,   1C, Massachusetts Discrimination Against Certain Persons on Account of Age Law, Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 149,   24A et seq., Massachusetts Equal Rights Law, Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 93,   102 et seq., Massachusetts Violation of Constitutional Rights Law, Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 12,   11I, Massachusetts Family and Medical Leave Law, Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 149,   52D; and the Massachusetts Wage Act,  Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 149,   148, et seq.; 
  (e)    any and all claims for violation of the federal, or any state, constitution;  
  (f)    any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination; and 
  (g)    any and all claims for attorneys  fees and costs. 
  Executive agrees that the release set forth in this section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released.  This release does not extend to any severance obligations due Executive under the Severance Agreement and does not release claims that cannot be released as a matter of law.  Nothing in this Agreement waives Executive s rights to indemnification or any payments under any insurance policy, if any, provided by any act or agreement of the Company, state or federal law or policy of insurance. 
  8.      Acknowledgment of Waiver of Claims under ADEA  .  Executive acknowledges that Executive is waiving and releasing any rights he or she may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ( ADEA ) and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary.  Executive and the Company agree that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement.  Executive acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled.  Executive further acknowledges that Executive has been advised by this writing that (a) Executive should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; (b) Executive has at least twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement; (c) Executive has seven (7) days following the execution of this Agreement by the parties to revoke the Agreement; (d) this Agreement shall not be effective until the revocation period has expired; and (e) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Executive from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically  

authorized by federal law.  Any revocation should be in writing and delivered to the General Counsel at the Company by close of business on the seventh day from the date that Executive signs this Agreement.  In the event Executive signs this Agreement and returns it to the Company in less than the 21-day period identified above, Executive hereby acknowledges that he/she has freely and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this Agreement.  The parties agree that changes, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the 21-day period. 
  9.      California Civil Code Section 1542  .  Executive acknowledges that Executive has been advised to consult with legal counsel and is familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542, a statute that otherwise prohibits the release of unknown claims, which provides as follows: 
  A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. 
  Executive, being aware of said code section, agrees to expressly waive any rights Executive may have thereunder, as well as under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect.  
  10.      No Pending or Future Lawsuits  .  Executive represents that he or she has no lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in her name, or on behalf of any other person or entity, against the Company or any other person or entity referred to herein.  Executive also represents that Executive does not intend to bring any claims on his/her own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity against the Company or any other person or entity referred to herein. 
  11.      No Cooperation  .  Subject to Section 13, Executive agrees that he or she will not counsel or assist any attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes, differences, grievances, claims, charges, or complaints by any third party against the Company and/or any officer, director, employee, agent, representative, shareholder or attorney of the Company, unless under a subpoena or other court order to do so or as related directly to the ADEA waiver in this Agreement.   
  12.      No Admission of Liability  .  Executive understands and acknowledges that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of disputed claims.  No action taken by the Company, either previously or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any claims heretofore made or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company of any fault or liability whatsoever to the Executive or to any third party. 
  13.      Protected Activity  .  Executive understands that nothing in this Agreement or in the Confidentiality Agreement shall in any way limit or prohibit Executive from engaging for a lawful purpose in any Protected Activity. For purposes of this Agreement,  Protected Activity  shall mean filing a charge, complaint or report with, or otherwise communicating with, cooperating with or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any federal, state or local government agency or commission, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the National Labor Relations Board ( Government Agencies ). Executive understands that in connection with such Protected Activity, Executive is permitted to disclose documents or other information as permitted by law, and without giving notice to, or receiving authorization from, the Company. Executive agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any information that may constitute Company Proprietary Information under this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement to any parties other than the relevant Government Agencies. Executive further understands that Protected Activity does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged communications 
  14.      Miscellaneous  . 
  (a)      Costs  .  The Parties shall each bear their own costs, expert fees, attorneys  fees and other fees incurred in connection with this Agreement. 
  (b)      Authority  .  Executive represents and warrants that Executive has the capacity to act on his or her own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through Executive to bind them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
  (c)      No Representations  .  Executive represents that Executive has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney, and has carefully read and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement.  Neither Party has relied upon any representations or statements made by the other Party hereto which are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
  (d)      Severability  .  In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision. 
  (e)      Attorneys  Fees  .  Except with regard to a legal action challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the waiver herein under the ADEA, in the event that either Party brings an action to enforce or effect its  

rights under this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including the costs of mediation, arbitration, litigation, court fees, and reasonable attorneys  fees incurred in connection with such an action. 
  (f)      Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement, along with the Severance Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Executive concerning Executive s separation from the Company. 
  (g)      No Oral Modification  .  This Agreement may only be amended in writing signed by Executive and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
  (h)      Governing Law  .  [FOR MA RESIDENTS:] [This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and the Company and the Executive each consent to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.] [FOR CA RESIDENTS:]  [This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of California, and the Company and the Executive each consent to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the State of California.]   
  (i)      Effective Date  .  This Agreement is effective eight (8) days after it has been signed by both Executive, so long as it has been signed by the Parties and has not been revoked by either Party before that date (the    Effective Date   ). 
  (j)      Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. 
  (k)      Voluntary Execution of Agreement  .  Executive understands and agrees that Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of Executive s claims against the Company and other persons referenced herein.  Executive acknowledge that: 
  (i)    Executive has read this Agreement; 
  (ii)    Executive has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of Executive s own choice or has voluntarily declined to seek such counsel; 
  (iii)    Executive understand the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains; and  
  (iv)    Executive is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. 
  Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Separation   Release Agreement on the respective dates set forth below. 
    
  COMPANY:                            NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
    
  By:                                                                                                        
  Title:                                                                                                            
  Date:                                                                                                            
    
  EXECUTIVE:                                                                                                                  
    
  Date:                                                                                                            

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 nuan09302016ex21110k.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21.1    

Subsidiary Name    
      
    Jurisdiction    
      
    Type    

ART Advanced Recognition Technologies, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Caere Corporation 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Cognition Technologies, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Consolidated Enterprise Corporation 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Consolidated Healthcare Corporation 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Consolidated Imaging Corporation 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Consolidated Mobile Corporation 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Dictaphone Corporation 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Ditech Networks, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Ditech Networks International, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      eCopy, LLC 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      eScription, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Language and Computing, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Montage Healthcare Solutions, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      New England Medical Transcription, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Notable Solutions, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Nuance Diagnostics Holding, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Nuance Transcription Services, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      PerSay, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Phonetic Systems, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Physician Technology Partners, LLC 

Ohio 

Domestic 
      
      Quadramed Quantim Corporation 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Ruetli Holding Corporation 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      SNAPin Software, LLC 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      SVOX U.S.A., Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Telluride, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      TouchCommerce, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Viecore Federal Systems Division, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Viecore, LLC 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      VirtuOz, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Vlingo Corporation 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Voice Signal Technologies, Inc. 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Zi Holding Corporation 

Delaware 

Domestic 
      
      Nuance Document Imaging, Inc. f/k/a Equitrac Corporation 

Florida 

Domestic 
      
      J.A. Thomas and Associates, Inc. 

Georgia 

Domestic 
      
      Nuance Healthcare Diagnostics Solutions, Inc. 

Georgia 

Domestic 
      
      AMS Solutions Corp. 

Massachusetts 

Domestic 
      
      Accentus U.S., Inc. f/k/a Zylomed Inc. 

Nevada 

Domestic 
      
      Medical Transcription Education Center, Inc. 

Ohio 

Domestic 
      
      Swype, Inc. 

Washington 

Domestic 
      
      Tegic Communications, Inc. 

Washington 

Domestic 
      
      Nuance Enterprise Solutions   Services Corporation f/k/a Varolii Corporation 

Washington 

Domestic 
      
      Information Technologies Australia Pty Ltd. 

Australia 

International 
      
      ITA Services Pty Ltd. 

Australia 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Australia Pty. Ltd. 

Australia 

International 

Subsidiary Name    
      
    Jurisdiction    
      
    Type    

OTE Pty Limited 

Australia 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Austria GmbH 

Austria 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Services Austria GmbH 

Austria 

International 
      
      SpeechMagic Holdings GmbH 

Austria 

International 
      
      Multi-Corp International Ltd. 

Barbados 

International 
      
      Language and Computing N.V. 

Belgium 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Belgium Limited 

Belgium 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications International BVBA 

Belgium 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Ltda. 

Brazil 

International 
      
      Novitech Technologia e Servicos Ltda. 

Brazil 

International 
      
      BlueStar Options Inc. 

British Virgin Islands 

International 
      
      BlueStar Resources Ltd. 

British Virgin Islands 

International 
      
      SpeechWorks BVI Ltd. 

British Virgin Islands 

International 
      
      1448451 Ontario Inc. 

Canada 

International 
      
      Accentus  Inc. f/k/a/ 2350111 Ontario Inc. 

Canada 

International 
      
      845162 Alberta Ltd. 

Canada 

International 
      
      Ditech Networks Canada, Inc. 

Canada 

International 
      
      Nuance Document Imaging, ULC f/k/a Equitrac Canada ULC  

Canada 

International 
      
      Nuance Acquisition ULC 

Canada 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Canada, Inc. 

Canada 

International 
      
      Zi Corporation 

Canada 

International 
      
      Zi Corporation of Canada, Inc. 

Canada 

International 
      
      Foxtrot Acquisition Limited 

Cayman Islands 

International 
      
      Foxtrot Acquisition II Limited 

Cayman Islands 

International 
      
      Huayu Zi Software Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 

China 

International 
      
      Nuance Software Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 

China 

International 
      
      SafeCom A/S 

Denmark 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Finland OY 

Finland 

International 
      
      Voice Signal Technologies Europe OY 

Finland 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications France Sarl 

France 

International 
      
      VirtuOz S.A. 

France 

International 
      
      Communology GmbH 

Germany 

International 
      
      HFN Medien GmbH 

Germany 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Deutschland GmbH f/k/a Dictaphone Deutschland GmbH 

Germany 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Germany GmbH 

Germany 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Healthcare Germany GmbH 

Germany 

International 
      
      NSi Europe GmbH 

Germany 

International 
      
      SafeCom GmbH 

Germany 

International 
      
      SVOX Deutschland GmbH 

Germany 

International 
      
      Asia Translation   Telecommunications Limited 

Hong Kong SAR 

International 
      
      Huayu Zi Software Technology Limited 

Hong Kong SAR 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Hong Kong Limited 

Hong Kong SAR 

International 
      
      Telecom Technology Corporation Limited 

Hong Kong SAR 

International 
      
      Zi Corporation (H.K.) Limited 

Hong Kong SAR 

International 
      
      Zi Corporation of Hong Kong Limited 

Hong Kong SAR 

International 
      
      Nuance Recognita Corp. 

Hungary 

International 

Subsidiary Name    
      
    Jurisdiction    
      
    Type    

Ditech Communications India Pvt. Ltd. 

India 

International 
      
      Nuance India Pvt. Ltd. 

India 

International 
      
      Nuance Transcription Services India Private Limited f/k/a/ FocusMT India Private Limited 

India 

International 
      
      ServTech Systems India Pvt. Ltd. 

India 

International 
      
      Transcend India Private Limited 

India 

International 
      
      Transcend MT Services Private Ltd. 

India 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications International Holdings 

Ireland 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Ireland Limited 

Ireland 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Services Ireland Ltd. 

Ireland 

International 
      
      Voice Signal Ireland Limited 

Ireland 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Israel, Ltd.  f/k/a ART-Advanced Recognition Technologies Limited 

Israel 

International 
      
      PerSay Ltd. 

Israel 

International 
      
      Phonetic Systems Ltd. 

Israel 

International 
      
      Loquendo S.p.a. 

Italy 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Italy Srl 

Italy 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Japan K.K. 

Japan 

International 
      
      VoiceSignal Japan K.K. 

Japan 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Netherlands B.V. 

Netherlands 

International 
      
      X-Solutions Group B.V. 

Netherlands 

International 
      
      Heartland Asia (Mauritius) Ltd. 

Republic of Mauritius 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. 

Singapore 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Korea Ltd. 

South Korea 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Iberica SA 

Spain 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Sweden, A.B. 

Sweden 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Switzerland AG 

Switzerland 

International 
      
      SVOX AG 

Switzerland 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Taiwan 

Taiwan 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications Illetism Ltd. Sirketi 

Turkey 

International 
      
      Nuance Turkey Iletisim Hizmetleri Ltd. Sirketi 

Turkey 

International 
      
      Nuance Communications UK Limited 

United Kingdom 

International 
      
      SafeCom UK Limited 

United Kingdom 

International 
      
      SpinVox Limited 

United Kingdom 

International 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 nuan09302016ex23110-k.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
    
  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
  Nuance Communications, Inc. 
  Burlington, Massachusetts 
  We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-142182, 333-147715 and 333-61862) and Form S-8  (Nos. 333-201933, 333-188397, 333-182459, 333-179399, 333-178436, 333-164955, 333-157579, 333-151088, 333-151087, 333 153911, 333-148684, 333-145971, 333-143465, 333-142183, 333-141819, 333-134687, 333-128396, 333-124856, 333-122718, 333-108767, 333-99729, 333-75406, 333-49656, 333-33464, 333-30518, 333-74343, 333-45425 and 333-04131) of Nuance Communications, Inc. of our reports dated   November 22, 2016   relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of Nuance Communications, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Form 10-K. 
    
  /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
  Boston, Massachusetts  
  November 22, 2016    

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 nuan09302016ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302(A) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Paul A. Ricci, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this   Annual Report on form 10-K   of Nuance Communications, Inc.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and in 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
           a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
           a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

By: 
      
    /s/ Paul A. Ricci 

Paul A. Ricci 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

November 22, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 nuan09302016ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302(A) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Daniel D. Tempesta, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this   Annual Report on form 10-K   of Nuance Communications, Inc.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and in 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
           a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
     5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
           a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

By: 
      
    /s/Daniel D. Tempesta 

Daniel D. Tempesta 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

November 22, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 nuan09302016ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Paul A. Ricci, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Nuance Communications, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended   September 30, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such   Annual Report on Form 10-K   fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Nuance Communications, Inc. 

By: 
      
    /s/ Paul A. Ricci 

Paul A. Ricci 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

November 22, 2016    

I, Daniel D. Tempesta, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Nuance Communications, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended   September 30, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such   Annual Report on Form 10-K   fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Nuance Communications, Inc. 

By: 
      
    /s/Daniel D. Tempesta 

Daniel D. Tempesta 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

November 22, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 nuan-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 nuan-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 nuan-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 nuan-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 nuan-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 nuan-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

