<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1623013_0001144204-16-133885_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5067808</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104413</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>296937</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1319164</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2259344</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>986820</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>71</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133885.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114113232
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133885
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fuda Group (USA) Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001623013
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-LUMBER & OTHER CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS [5030]
		IRS NUMBER:				472031462
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55307
		FILM NUMBER:		161992283

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		100 JIN JIANG STREET
		CITY:			DANDONG CITY, LIAONING PROVINC
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			NONE
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 415 3165852

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		100 JIN JIANG STREET
		CITY:			DANDONG CITY, LIAONING PROVINC
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			NONE

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Spruce Valley Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133885.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452738_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

  Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-Q  

x  QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period
ended   September 30, 2016   

OR  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________to________________ 

Commission file number
000-55307  

FUDA GROUP (USA)
CORPORATION 

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  
      47-2031462   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
     (I.R.S. Employer  
 
     incorporation or organization) 
     Identification No.)  

(Registrant's telephone number, including area
code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 Yes  x           No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files). 

 Yes                No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer     
     Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer     
     Smaller reporting company  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes              No  x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's
classes of stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

PART I   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Fuda Group (USA)
Corporation and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements  

Fuda
Group (USA) Corporation and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements
of Operations  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements  

Fuda Group (USA)
Corporation and Subsidiaries  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements  

FUDA GROUP (USA)
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Unaudited)  

1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Fuda Group (USA) Corporation ( Fuda USA ) was incorporated
on September 25, 2014 under the laws of the state of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not
limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. 

On September 28, 2015, Fuda USA entered into stock-for-stock acquisition
agreements with each of Fuda Gold (UK) Limited ( Fuda UK ) and Marvel Investment Corporation Limited ( Marvel ).
As a result of the Acquisitions, each of Fuda UK and Marvel has been acquired by Fuda USA, and now each has become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Fuda USA. Fuda USA, as the surviving entity from the Acquisitions, has taken over the respective operations and
business plans of each of both Fuda UK and Marvel (and also of Liaoning Fuda by virtue of Marvel s ownership of Liaoning
Fuda). Refer to  Principal of Consolidation  under Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Fuda UK a private company organized under the laws of England and
Wales was incorporated in May 20, 2015. Since its inception, Fuda UK has conducted minimal business operations but has started
to purchase gold stones and powder and wholesale trading of gold bars. Fuda UK has executed a cooperative operation agreement
to filter and sort gold sands or gold dust from the gold mine tailings and to sell the goods under a profit-sharing ratio. 

Marvel Investment Corporation Limited was incorporated on October
28, 2009 under the laws of Hong Kong, PRC. The Company was established to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including,
but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. 

 Marvel has conducted limited business operations in trading graphite
and fluorite. 

On February 28, 2015, Marvel entered into an Equity Interest Transfer
Agreement with Liaoning Fuda Mining Co., Ltd ( Liaoning Fuda ) whereas Marvel agreed to acquire 100% equity interest
in Liaoning effective June 30, 2015. Both Marvel and Liaoning Fuda are under common control of the same shareholder and no consideration
was given in exchange for the equity interest in Liaoning Fuda. The acquisition was done to position Liaoning Fuda in a more favorable
tax position under the laws of Hong Kong, PRC. Refer to  Principal of Consolidation  under Note 2 Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

Liaoning Fuda was established in August 2012 in Dandong City, Liaoning
Province, China ( PRC ) with authorized capital of 60 million Chinese Yuan. Liaoning Fuda is a natural resource trading
company that consists of raw blocks, stone carvings, slabs, pavers and wall claddings. 

Fuda USA and its subsidiaries Marvel, Fuda UK, and Liaoning Fuda
shall be collectively known as the  Company . 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited financial statements and related notes
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( US GAAP ). 

This basis of accounting involves the application of accrual accounting
and consequently, revenues and gains are recognized when earned, and expenses and losses are recognized when incurred. 

The Company s financial statements are expressed in U.S.
dollars. 

Interim Financial Information  

The accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,
2015, which has been derived from the Company's audited financial statements as of that date, and the unaudited condensed financial
information of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, has been prepared
in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article8-03 of Regulation S-X for interim financial information. 

In the opinion of management, such financial information includes
all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the Company's financial position at such date and the operating
results and cash flows for such periods. Operating results for the interim period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year. Certain information and footnote disclosure normally included
in financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been omitted pursuant to the rules of
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 

These unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year
ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 22, 2016. 

Reclassification  

Certain amounts in the prior period financial statements have been
reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on reported net income or losses. 

Principal of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Acquisition of Fuda UK and Marvel by Fuda USA   

The acquisition was accounted under US GAAP as a business combination
under common control with Fuda USA being the acquirer and Fuda UK and Marvel being the acquirees because all entities were controlled
directly or indirectly by the same majority shareholder. The consolidated financial statements have been presented at historical
costs and on a retroactive basis to reflect the capital structure of Fuda UK and Marvel as a recapitalization. The share exchange
transaction was completed and effective on September 28, 2015 and Fuda UK and Marvel became subsidiaries of Fuda USA. 

Acquisition of Liaoning Fuda by Marvel   

The acquisition was accounted under US GAAP as a business combination
under common control with Marvel being the acquirer as both entities were owned by the same shareholder. The consolidated financial
statements have been presented at historical costs and on a retroactive basis. No purchase price or reverse merger accounting
methods were used. The business combination transaction was completed and effective on June 30, 2015 and Liaoning became a subsidiary
of Marvel. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the amount of revenues and expenses
during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ materially from those results. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

The Company follows the provisions of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (the  FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 220  Reporting Comprehensive
Income , and establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated
balances in a full set of general purpose financial statements. The Company s comprehensive income (loss) consist of net
income (loss) and foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The Company applies the provisions of ASC Subtopic 820-10,  Fair
Value Measurements , for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair value measurements
of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements. ASC 820 also establishes a framework
for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. 

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining
the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers
the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would
use when pricing the asset or liability. 

ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity
to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes
three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements involving
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

 -                    Level
1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

 -                    Level
2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that
are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. 

 -                    Level
3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value. 

There were no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis subject to the disclosure requirements of ASC 820 as of the balance sheet date. 

Foreign Currency Translation  

The reporting and functional currency of Fuda Group (USA) Corporation
is the US Dollar ( US$ ). 

 The functional currency of Liaoning Fuda is the Chinese Renminbi
( RMB ) and its local currency is Chinese Renminbi ( RMB ). 

 The functional currency of Marvel is the Chinese Renminbi ( RMB )
and its local currency is Hong Kong Dollar ( HK$ ). The functional currency of Fuda UK is Chinese Renminbi ( RMB )
and its local currency is British Pounds ( GBP ). 

Transactions in currencies other than the entity s functional
currency are recorded at the rates of exchange prevailing on the date of the transaction. At the end of each reporting period,
monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at the end of the reporting periods. Exchange
differences arising on the settlement of monetary items and on translation of monetary items at period-end are included in income
statement of the period. 

For the purpose of presenting these financial statements, the Company s
assets and liabilities are expressed in US$ at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, stockholder s equity accounts
are translated at historical rates, and income and expense items are translated at the weighted average exchange rate during the
period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported under accumulated other comprehensive income in the stockholder s
equity section of the balance sheets. 

Exchange rate used for the translation as follows: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers highly-liquid investments with maturities
of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash and cash equivalents. 

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable are stated at the amount the Company expects
to collect from outstanding balances. The Company provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and
a credit to an allowance for doubtful accounts based on its assessment of the current status of individual accounts. Balances
that are still outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the allowance
for doubtful accounts and a credit to accounts receivable. 

Bad debt expenses were $nil and $215,209 for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Inventories  

Inventories, which are primarily comprised of goods for sale, are
stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, using the first- in first-out (FIFO) method. The Company evaluates the need
for reserves associated with obsolete, slow-moving and non-salable inventory by reviewing net realizable values on a periodic
basis. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using
the straight-line method, at original cost, over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 

Machinery 
       
     5 years  
 
     Office equipment 
       
     5 years  
 
     Motor Vehicle 
       
     10 years  

Expenditures for repairs and maintenance, which do not improve
or extend the expected useful lives of the assets, are expensed as incurred while major replacements and improvements are capitalized. 

Valuation of Long-Lived assets  

Long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles are reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is
measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed
of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 

Revenue Reco g nition   

The Company generally recognizes product sales revenue when the
significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred pursuant to PRC law, including such factors as when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, sales and value-added tax
laws have been complied with, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Liaoning Fuda Direct Domestic Sales   

The Company recognizes product sales revenue when customers pick
up and pay for the goods at once. The customer is responsible for losses when occurred. The Company sets out the terms and conditions
of the sales contract and deals directly with customers. 

Liaoning Fuda Direct International Sales   

The Company recognizes product sales revenue when bill of lading
is received from shipping company. Although the title does not formally transfer until the goods have reach its destination port,
the customer has a binding agreement for the goods; and is obligated to purchase them because a deposit has been made by the customer
on the purchased goods. The Company is responsible for losses in case of a shipping issue, but in all cases the Company has purchased
insurance to cover for such loss. The Company sets out the terms and conditions of the sales contract and deals directly with
customers. 

Liaoning Fuda Agency International Sales    

The Company recognizes product sales revenue at gross amounts in
accordance to ASC 605-45-45 as a principal when bill of lading is received from the shipping company although the title does not
transfer until the goods have reach its destination port. The Company is responsible for losses when occurred which the Company
has a blanket insurance to cover for such loss and reimburse the Company at the gross sales price. The Company Agent prepares
the terms and conditions of the sales contract and deals directly with customers. 

The Company is the principal in the sales transactions because
the Company is the primary obligator. The Company selects and deals directly with the suppliers of the products, and has the general
inventory risk as well as credit risk. The Company purchases the products from the supplier and ships the product to the customer
and is responsible to collect the full invoice amount plus commission charged from the agent. The Company remains the primary
obligator, keeps general inventory risk when inventory is held, has the ability in setting the prices charged to the customers,
has full discretion in supplier selection and has both physical loss of inventory risk and credit risk. Risk is mitigated by insurance
but the Company holds the risk and would have to get reimbursed by insurance in case of any issues. 

Marvel Sales   

The Company derives its revenues from trading graphite and fluorite.
The Company recognizes sales of graphite and fluorite revenue when the goods are delivered to destination designated by the customer.
Customer is allowed to return the goods or cancel the order subject to a penalty. The Company sets out the terms and conditions
of the sales contract and deals directly with customers. 

Fuda UK Sales   

The Company derives its revenues from trading gold stones, gold
sand, or gold bars. The Company recognizes sales of gold stones, gold sand, or gold bars revenue when the goods are delivered
to destination designated by the customer. Sales price of the goods are to be negotiated between Fuda UK and the customer, and
accepted by the customer after a third-party inspection report for quality and weight is obtained prior to arrival at the destination
of the customer. In case of finding irregularity or discrepancy in weight or purity of the goods, the customer is allowed to claim
from Fuda UK to deduct the corresponding amount and any cost within 7 days upon receipt of the actual goods. The Company sets
out the terms and conditions of the sales contract and deals directly with customers. The Company has not made any reserves on
claims for irregularity and discrepancy as the Company believe the amount will be minimal, 

Fuda UK Cooperative Operation   

The Company derives its revenues from trading gold sands or gold
dust filtered and sorted from the gold mine tailings owned by the Chinese government under a cooperative profit sharing agreement.
The cooperative agreement indicated the profit sharing is based on the gross sales price for the products sold and the ratios
are to be 25% to mine owner, 35% to mine workers, and 40% to the Company. The Company shall collect payments from the customers
for the goods sold and distribute the gross amount upon payment from the customers. The Company is responsible for managing the
day to day operation activities in providing labor, tools, and equipment. At Sale, the Company is only entitled to 40% of the
proceeds when the goods are sold similar to a royalty interest or net smelter interest, and the payments are only legally owed
when the goods are sold while nothing is owed to the Company until completion of the sale. 

Nonmonetary Transactions  

The Company recognizes nonmonetary transactions in accordance to
ASC 845-10-30 which in general, that nonmonetary transactions should be based on the fair values of the assets (or services) involved,
which is the same basis as that used in monetary transactions. Thus, the cost of a nonmonetary asset acquired in exchange for
another nonmonetary asset is the fair value of the asset surrendered to obtain it, and a gain or loss shall be recognized on the
exchange. The fair value of the asset received shall be used to measure the cost if it is more clearly evident than the fair value
of the asset surrendered. Similarly, a nonmonetary asset received in a nonreciprocal transfer shall be recorded at the fair value
of the asset received. A transfer of a nonmonetary asset to a stockholder or to another entity in a nonreciprocal transfer shall
be recorded at the fair value of the asset transferred and a gain or loss shall be recognized on the disposition of the asset.  

Value added taxes  

The Company is subject to Value Added Taxes ( VAT )
at a rate of 17% on proceeds received from customers, and are entitled to a refund for VAT already paid or borne on the goods
purchased by it that have generated the gross sales proceeds. The VAT balance is recorded in other payables on the balance sheets.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 there are no amounts recorded because the Company received a VAT tax holiday
from the government that will expire in 2017. 

Advertisin g 

The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred and are included
in selling expenses. 

Government Subsidies  

The Company recognizes government grants that are non-operating
in nature and with no further conditions to be met as other income when received. The Company recognizes government grants that
contain certain operating conditions as liabilities when received, and as a reduction of the related costs for which the grants
are intended to compensate when the conditions are met. 

The government subsidies or rebates received by the Company as
other income was an incentive to the Company to support export trade were $nil and $139,640 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Stock Based Com p ensation  

The Company recognizes stock based compensation in accordance to
ASC718 which requires companies to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date
fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide
services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options, restricted share plans, performance-based awards, share
appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair
value. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant. 

Equity instruments ( instruments ) issued to other
than employees are recorded on the basis of the fair value of the instruments, as required by ASC No. 718. FASB ASC No. 505, Equity
Based Payments to Non-Employees, defines the measurement date and recognition period for such instruments. In general, the measurement
date is when either (a) a performance commitment, as defined, is reached or (b) the earlier of (i) the non-employee performance
is complete or (ii) the instruments are vested. The measured value related to the instruments is recognized over a period based
on the facts and circumstances of each particular grant as defined in the FASB ASC. 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability
approach which allows for the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax
benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income
tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either
expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits, or that future deductibility is uncertain. 

Under ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if
it is  more likely than not  that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination
being presumed to occur. The evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. The first step is to determine whether it is
more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of any related appeals or
litigations based on the technical merits of that position. The second step is to measure a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not
threshold to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. A tax position is measured at the largest
amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously
failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent period in which the
threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not criteria should be de-recognized
in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which the threshold is no longer met. Penalties and interest incurred related
to underpayment of income tax are classified as income tax expense in the year incurred. 

Se g ment Information  

The standard,  Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise
and Related Information,  codified with ASC-280, requires certain financial and supplementary information to be disclosed
on an annual and interim basis for each reportable segment of an enterprise. The Company believes that it operates in one business
segment (marketing and sales) and in one geographical segment (China), as all of the Company s current operations are carried
in China. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic
842) . The standard requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and requires expanded
disclosures about leasing arrangements. We will adopt the standard no later than July 1, 2019. The Company is currently assessing
the impact that the new standard will have on the Company s consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The standard amends several aspects of the accounting
for employee share-based payment transactions including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding
requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. We will adopt the standard no later than July 1, 2017.
The Company is currently assessing the impact of the new standard, and do not expect the new guidance to have a material impact
on the Company s consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash
Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The standard provides guidance on how certain cash
receipts and payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows, including beneficial interests in securitization,
which would impact the presentation of the deferred purchase price from sales of receivables. The standard is intended to reduce
current diversity in practice. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and the timing
of adoption. 

In September 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments
  Credit Losses (Topic 326). The amendments in ASU 2016-13 replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP
with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable
information to inform credit loss estimates. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and
interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of
evaluating the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

The Company believes that there were no other accounting standards
recently issued that had or are expected to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

3. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES  

Accounts receivables consist of the following: 

Bad debt expenses were $nil and $215,209 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

4. INVENTORY 

Inventory consist of the following: 

The gold bars are stored in security
safe by the Company. The Company would compare the purchase price of gold bar to the quoted price on Shanghai Gold Exchange to
evaluate if there is a write-down in inventory. Loss on inventory write-down was $nil and $nil for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

5. SECURITY DEPOSITS TO SUPPLIERS 

Security deposits paid by Liaoning Fuda were to maintain its relationship
with the suppliers in order to ensure ample, constant supply and prompt delivery of goods. The security deposits can be used to
offset against purchases of inventory by the Company. 

Security deposits paid by Fuda UK was a purchase commitment upon
execution of the contract 

Security deposits to suppliers consist of the following: 

6. LAND, PROPERTY   EQUIPMENT 

Land, property   equipment
consist of the following:  

The depreciation expense charged to general and administrative
expenses were $5,304 and $3,156 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company would review the historical cost of the land to evaluate
if there is an impairment loss to be recognized. Impairment loss was $nil and $nil for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

The difference in land, motor vehicle, machinery, and office equipment
value is due to currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

7. OTHER ASSETS  

Other assets consist of the following: 

8. TRADE FINANCING LOANS 

The Company has executed short term accounts receivables factoring
agreements with the banks with maturity from one to three months. The bank would advance the Company a contracted discount percentage
of 70%-85% of the accounts receivables invoices factored up front (the  Discount ) and charge a contracted interest
fee at average rate of 2%-4% based on the percentage advanced until the loan is repaid in full. When the outstanding accounts
receivable invoice is collected, the advanced amount plus any accrued interest are to be repaid. The Company has also purchased
insurance for the full invoiced amount. 

The trade financing loans are unrelated to security deposits paid
to suppliers and the related purchasing of inventory. 

The outstanding amount of trade financing loans were $nil and $nil
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The shareholders of the Company have repaid the outstanding trade
financing loans on behalf of the Company which was included in Due to related parties. 

The Discounts and interest expenses were $nil and $1,357 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

9. ADVANCES FROM CUSTOMERS 

Advances from customers consist of amounts received from a customer
as a security deposit for a machinery equipment sales commitment contract in the amount of $6,164 as of December 31, 2015, and
from a customer as deposit for goods to be delivered in the future by the Company in the amount of $63,734 as of September 30,
2016. 

The Company acquired and sold the machinery equipment to the customer
and recognized $2,280 as other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

10.
RELATED PARTY AND AFFILIATED ENTITIES TRANSACTIONS  

Related parties  receivables/(payables) consist of the following: 

The relationships of the related parties above as follows: 

Name   
       
       Relationship    
 
      Mr. Tan Lin  
       
      Shareholder and General Manager of Fuda UK   
 
      Mr. Wu Xiao Bing  
       
      CEO, Director, Majority Shareholder of the Company   
 
      Mr. Yang Yuan Xi  
       
      Legal Representative of Liaoning Fuda   
 
      Mr. Wu Zhong Chen  
       
      Father of Mr. Wu Xiao Bin, Shareholder of the Company   
 
      Ms. Lynn Lee  
       
      Officer of the Company   

The amounts payable to parties above are advances received from
related parties from time to time as working capital to fund for its operations. These advances are due on demand, unsecured and
non-interest bearing. 

On March 2016, the Company mistakenly paid Ms. Lynn Lee in the
amount of $486,387 as expenses reimbursements which was repaid previously. This amount has been returned by the Ms. Lynn Lee to
the Company on April 2016. 

Mr. Xiaobin Wu, the Company s officer and director, was the
Manager Director of Dandong Fuda Investment Co., Ltd ( Fuda Investment ) from 2009 to 2012 and worked as trading manager
at Winner International Industries Ltd., ( Winner International ), each of these entities also holds a small (under
5%) interest in the Company which are considered affiliated entities. 

Sales revenues for affiliated entities were $936,276 and $nil,
and the corresponding cost of sales for theses sales revenues were $83,596 and $nil for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

In 2014, the Company acquired lands from Fuda Investment for RMB
127,424,700, and from Winner International for RMB 65,965,000. In addition, Fuda Investment and Winner International has executed
sales agreements to purchase granite stones from the Company. Any revenues and cost of sales for these entities is shown separately
on the Statement of Operation as Revenue and Cost of Sales from Affiliated Entities. The purchase price of the land (corresponding
outstanding payables) was to be paid off by fair market sales price of the stones (corresponding accounts receivables) as a barter
trade exchange. (Refer to  Barter Trade Exchange  Footnote) 

Barter trade gains from affiliated entities were $nil and $7,701,792
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

11. BARTER TRADE EXCHANGE 

In 2013, the Company acquired lands from Beijing Huanda Renewal
Resources Recycling Co. Ltd. ( Beijing Huanda ) (non- related party) for RMB 55,944,000. In addition, Beijing Huanda
is also a customer of the Company who has executed sales agreements to purchase granite stones from the Company. The purchase
price of the land (its corresponding outstanding payables) were partially paid off in cash as well as in a barter trade exchange
which the fair market sales price of the stones (its corresponding accounts receivables) were used to offset the outstanding payables. 

In 2014, the Company acquired lands from Fuda Investment (affiliated
entity) for RMB 127,424,700, and from Winner International (affiliated) for RMB 65,965,000. In addition, Fuda Investment and Winner
International has executed sales agreements to purchase granite stones from the Company. The purchase price of the land (its corresponding
outstanding payables) was to be paid off by fair market sales price of the stones (its corresponding accounts receivables) as
a barter trade exchange. 

In accordance to ASC 845-10-05-6, the transactions above are considered
nonmonetary transaction because the transactions involve exchange of products held for sale in the ordinary course of business
(inventory) for other productive assets (lands) as a means of selling the product (inventory) to a customer. 

In accordance to ASC 845-10-30, the lands purchased were recorded
at the purchase price of the lands (assets received) as indicated on the agreement because the costs to acquire the stones from
the suppliers, and the types, the sales price, and the quantity of stones to be delivered was not determinable at the time of
the exchange. As a result, the earning process was not completed at the time of the exchange and therefore gain or loss cannot
be computed at the time of the exchange. 

The Company could not record the exchange of land for stones at
historical costs of the stones because the stones to be delivered to the land sellers are based on fair market sales price in
the future, and is not based on the costs of the stones paid by the Company. The sales to relieve the accounts payable were not
needed immediately as the exchange wasn t instant and the stones in inventory at the time weren t all going to relieve
this debt. The agreement was to provide stones in barter when the land sellers needed the stones. The transaction would have been
completed when the lands were transferred if all of the stones were immediately delivered from inventory and extinguished but
instead the stones were delivered as required and  sold  or bartered at fair market value of the stones in the future
which changed considerably over the period of the barter where there was no fixed or historical price that could be utilized. 

The  Sales Agreement  and the  Land Purchase
and Sale Agreements  executed by the parties above consisted of two separate agreements. 

The Sales Agreement includes a total sales amount equal to the
purchase price of the granite and provides that payment may be made by cash or land. The Sales Agreement also includes the name,
type and grade of granite and a unit sales price for each granite product based on the fair market value on the day of execution
of the Sales Agreement. However, the actual sales price to be paid is the fair market value of that product on the date of the
purchase order. Such price fluctuation is usually no greater than 10% (higher or lower) and is typically acceptable to both the
purchaser and seller. In addition, the Sales Agreements also indicate the acceptable quality of the granite block, the delivery
terms, and penalty clauses for breach of contract. 

The Land Purchase and Sale agreements indicate the sales
price of the land, the size of the land, and the unit sales price per mu/acre but do not contain payment terms or maturity
date. Each of the Land Purchase and Sale Agreements also states that the Company is required to manage, nurture, harvest and develop
the woodlands in accordance to the guidelines of the Forestry Department as long as the Company owns the lands. The guidelines
of the Forestry Department does not require the company to provide any maintenance as long as the land is not being developed
and naturally growing. The Company does not intend to develop the property at this time. The contractual period of the land
is approximately 55 years for each contract. The Company estimated that the cost to manage, nurture, harvest and develop the
woodlands is minimal because the trees would grow and develop naturally without much care or intervention. The only cost would
be laborers to manage and harvest the woodlands, if required, but the Company does not anticipate doing any such harvesting
or managing. If used, any laborers would be unskilled workers at a very low wage. Therefore, the effect to the Company's financial
and operational obligation is minimal. 

In 2013, the Company and Beijing Huanda (the land seller) executed
a  Land Purchase and Sales Agreement  for approximately 621.6mu (102.4 acre) at a price of RMB90,000 (approximately
$14,645) per mu. Initial payment was due on transfer of the land title which the Company paid in cash to Beijing Huanda. Subsequently,
Beijing Huanda experienced a need for granite and entered into a sales agreement with the Company to purchase granite from the
Company. The parties also agreed to use granite to reduce the remaining amount due on the Land Purchase and Sales Agreement. 

In 2014, Fuda Investment and Winner International (the  Land
Sellers ) executed a series of  Sales Agreement  and  Land Purchase and Sale Agreement  with the
Company for an aggregate of approximately 1,415.83mu (233.24 acre) for an average price of RMB90,000 (approximately $14,645) per
mu, and approximately 607.1mu (100.0 acre) for an average price of RMB108,656 (approximately $17,680) per mu, respectively. As
the Company desired to acquire land from the Land Sellers, and the Land Sellers desired to purchase granite from the Company,
the parties agreed to trade the land for granite. Thereafter, each executed a Sales Agreement and a Land Purchase and Sales Agreement
with the Company. The transaction is considered an arm- length transaction as the purchase price of the land is determined based
on appraised value and the price of granite is based on normal sales price without any special consideration or discount or conditions.
The appraisal was a current appraisal and performed by an independent third-party. 

The land debts above were treated as Accounts Payable and Accrued
expenses classified as a current liability on the balance sheet as there were no payment terms or maturity date. 

The Company initially recognized land assets and its corresponding
payables to the sellers at purchase price of the lands as indicated on the agreement. When stones were delivered to the sellers
as ordered, the fair market sales price of the stones delivered were recognized against the outstanding amount owed to the sellers.
The differences between the fair market sales price of the stones delivered and the cost of the stones purchased by the Company
in inventory were recognized as gain or loss from barter trade. Accordingly, the Company netted the barter trade sales and cost
of sales and recorded as gain or loss on barter trade, no revenue or cost of sales are recorded related to these barter trades. 

For Beijing Huanda, the Company delivered stones with fair market
sales price of $3,240 that cost the Company $245 to purchase the stones in inventory from the suppliers, as a result the Company
recognized gain on barter trade of $2,995 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Outstanding payable to Beijing Huanda
was reduced by $3,240 through barter exchange. 

For Fuda Investment, the Company delivered
stones with fair market sales price of $6,192,648 that cost the Company $469,140 to purchase the stones in inventory from the
suppliers, as a result the Company recognized gain on barter trade of $5,723,508 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
Outstanding payable to Fuda Investment was reduced by $6,192,648 through barter exchange. 

For Winner International, the Company delivered stones with fair
market sales price of $2,137,199 that cost the Company$161,910 to purchase the stones in inventory from the suppliers, as a result
the Company recognized gain on barter trade of $1,975,289 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Outstanding payable to
Winner International was reduced by $2,137,199 through barter exchange. 

The Company reviewed ASC 845-10-30-4 and determined that the barter
trade exchange transactions above are in the normal course of business and have commercial substance because the Company s
future cash flows are expected to significantly change as a result of the exchange. The Company s future cash flows are
expected to significantly change because the configuration (risk, timing, and amount) of the future cash flows of the asset(s)
received differs significantly from the configuration of the future cash flows of the asset(s) transferred. In the normal course
of business, the Company purchase granite, sell to customers for profit and receive cash payment from the customers which has
commercial substance. In the barter trade exchange, the Company purchased granites stones and sold to the land sellers as customers
and received land as payment. The future cash flows of the lands received differs significantly from the configuration of the
future cash flows of the granite transferred. If the Company did not acquire lands from these customers, the Company would receive
cash from these customers as payment. In contrary, if the Company did not sell granite to these land sellers as customers, the
Company would pay cash to these land sellers for the lands as payment. 

12. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The Company is authorized to issue 480,000,000 shares of common
stock and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 

On September 25, 2014, the Company issued 8,200,000 founders common
stock at $0.0001 per share for a total of $820 for cash to two directors and officers of which 7,995,000 shares were cancelled
on February 20, 2015 at $0.0001 per share for a total of $800. The shares issued were valued at $0.0001 per share based on the
current stock price with assumed price provided by the recent transactions as no quoted price is available. 

On February 21, 2015, the Company issued 123,615,000 shares of
its common stock at $0.0001 per share for cash which all 123,615,000 shares were cancelled between July 1, 2015 and September
7, 2015. The shares issued were valued at $0.0001 per share based on the current stock price with assumed price provided by the
recent transactions as no quoted price is available. 

Between July 1, 2015 and September 7, 2015, the Company issued
59,794,309 shares of its common stock at $0.0001 per share for a total of $5,979 for cash. The shares issued were valued at $0.0001
per share based on the current stock price with assumed price provided by the recent transactions as no quoted price is available. 

On September 28, 2015, pursuant to the Acquisition Agreements,
the Company acquires each of Fuda UK and Marvel through the exchange of (i) all of the outstanding shares of Fuda UK for 20,500,000
shares of common stock of the Company, and (ii) all of the outstanding shares of Marvel for 25,420,000 shares of common stock
of the Company. Accordingly, a total of 45,920,002 shares were issued at $0.0001 per share for a total of $4,592 for the acquisitions.
The shares issued were valued at $0.0001 per share based on the current stock price with assumed price provided by the recent
transactions as no quoted price is available. 

In October 2015, the Company adopted an amendment to its certificate
of incorporation effecting a reverse share split on a forty- one (41) for one hundred (100) basis, such that each one hundred
(100) shares of common stock outstanding held by a stockholder were converted into only forty-one (41) shares of common stock
outstanding. All outstanding shares of common stock were so converted in October when such amendment was filed in the State of
Delaware. The action was duly approved by the board of directors and shareholders of the Company. As a result of the reverse share
split, the total number of outstanding shares of common stock of the Company decreased from 258,339,773 shares outstanding to
105,954,309 shares outstanding at such time. 

 All references to common stock and per share amounts for all prior
periods presented have been retroactively presented to reflect the reverse share split. 

On October 1, 2015, the Company issued 35,000 shares of its common
stock at $0.0001 as compensation to various employees for a total of $4. The shares issued were valued at $0.0001 per share based
on the current stock price with assumed price provided by the recent transactions as no quoted price is available. 

From time to time, the Company s majority shareholder has
paid expenses on behalf of the Company that are recorded as contribution to paid-in capital. The amounts contributed to paid-in
capital were $nil and $695 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

13. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

On October 1, 2015, the Company issued 35,000 shares of its common
stock at $0.0001 as compensation to various employees for a total of $4. The shares issued were valued at $0.0001 per share based
on the current stock price with assumed price provided by the recent transactions as no quoted price is available. 

On December 31, 2015, the Company converted 59,999,037 shares of
its previously unpaid common stock subscriptions to compensation expense as it has become unlikely that this subscription receivable
will be paid back to the company and needed to be written off for a total of $14,634. The shares issued were valued at $0.0001
per share based on the current stock price with assumed price provided by the recent transactions as no quoted price is available. 

14. GOVERNMENT CONTRIBUTION PLAN 

Pursuant to the laws applicable to PRC law, the Company is required
to participate in a government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain retirement, medical
and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require the Company to pay to the local labor
bureau a monthly contribution at a stated contribution rate based on the monthly basic compensation of qualified employees. The
relevant local labor bureau is responsible for meeting all retirement benefit obligations; the Company has no further commitments
beyond its monthly contribution. 

15. STATUTORY RESERVE 

Pursuant to the laws applicable to the PRC, the Company must make
appropriations from after-tax profit to the non-distributable  statutory surplus reserve fund . Subject to certain
cumulative limits, the  statutory surplus reserve fund  requires annual appropriations of 10% of after-tax profit
until the aggregated appropriations reach 50% of the registered capital (as determined under accounting principles generally accepted
in the PRC ( PRC GAAP ) at each year-end). For foreign invested enterprises and joint ventures in the PRC, annual appropriations
should be made to the  reserve fund . For foreign invested enterprises, the annual appropriation for the  reserve
fund  cannot be less than 10% of after-tax profits until the aggregated appropriations reach 50% of the registered capital
(as determined under PRC GAAP at each year-end). If the Company has accumulated loss from prior periods, the Company is able to
use the current period net income after tax to offset against the accumulate loss. 

The PRC regulations also restrict the ability of the Company to
make dividend and other payments to offshore entities or individuals. The PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividend by
the Company only out of its accumulated after-tax profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC GAAP and regulations. Any
limitations on the ability of the Company to transfer funds could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments
or acquisitions that could be beneficial to the Company s business, pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct the Company s
business. 

16. INCOME TAXES 

United States   

Fuda USA is established in the State of Delaware in United States
and is subject to Delaware State and US Federal tax laws. Fuda USA has approximately $1,039,219 of unused net operating losses
( NOLs ) available for carry forward to future years for U.S. federal income tax reporting purposes. The benefit from
the carry forward of such NOLs will begin expiring during the year ended December 31, 2034. Because United States tax laws limit
the time during which NOL carry forwards may be applied against future taxable income, the Company may be unable to take full
advantage of its NOLs for federal income tax purposes should the Company generate taxable income. Further, the benefit from utilization
of NOL carry forwards could be subject to limitations due to material ownership changes that could occur in the Company as it
continues to raise additional capital. Based on such limitations, the Company has significant NOLs for which realization of tax
benefits is uncertain. 

United Kin g dom   

Fuda UK is established in United Kingdom and its income is subject
to a 20% profit tax rate for income sourced within the country. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Fuda
UK did not earn any income derived in United Kingdom, and therefore was not subject to United Kingdom Profits Tax. 

Hon g  Kon g  

Marvel is established in Hong Kong and its income is subject to
a 16% profit tax rate for income sourced within the country. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Marvel
did not earn any income derived in Hong Kong, and therefore was not subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax. 

China, PRC   

Liaoning Fuda established in China and its income is subject to
income tax rate of 25%, but has received an income tax holiday from the government for three years that will expire in 2017. 

The reconciliation of effective income tax rate as follows: 

The provision for income tax on earnings as follows: 

17. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 

The Company has executed lease agreements for office space and
dormitory for Liaoning Fuda in Dandong, China which expires in October 2018. Rent expenses for office space and dormitory were
$45,598 and $57,010 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company executed a car lease for Liaoning Fuda that expired
on June 2016 that were not renewed. The Company also executed various car leases that will expire on December 2016. 

The total future minimum lease payments under the operating leases
as follows: 

Concentration and Credit risk   

Cash deposits with banks are held in financial institutions in
China, which are not federally insured deposit protection. Accordingly, the Company has a concentration of credit risk related
to these uninsured bank deposits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to
significant credit risk in this area. 

The Company depends on a limited number of suppliers for its products.
Accordingly, the Company has a concentration risk related to these suppliers. Failure to maintain existing relationships with
our suppliers or to establish new relationships in the future could also negatively affect our ability to obtain products sold
to customers in a timely manner. If the Company is unable to obtain ample supply of products from existing suppliers or alternative
sources of supply, the Company may be unable to satisfy our customers  orders, which could materially and adversely affect
revenues. 

18. BUSINESS SEGMENTS 

The revenues and cost of goods sold from operation consist of the
following: 

19. CONDENSED PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Basis of Presentation   

The ability of the Company s Chinese
Subsidiary-Liaoning Fuda to pay dividends, royalties, management fees, etc. may be restricted due to the foreign exchange control
policies and availability of cash balance of the Chinese operating subsidiaries. A majority of our revenue being earned and currency
received are denominated in RMB, which is subject to the exchange control regulation in China, and, as a result, we may unable
to distribute any dividends outside of China due to PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB
into US Dollars. Accordingly, Liaoning Fuda funds may not be readily available to us to satisfy obligations which have been incurred
outside the PRC, which could adversely affect our business and prospects or our ability to meet our cash obligations. 

Foreign exchange transactions under the capital
account are subject to limitations and require registration with or approval by the relevant PRC governmental authorities. In
particular, if the Company finances the Company s PRC subsidiaries by foreign currency loans, those loans cannot exceed
certain statutory limits and must be registered with the SAFE, and if the Company finance the Company s PRC subsidiaries
by capital contributions, then those capital contributions must be approved by the Ministry of Commerce or its local agency. In
addition, because of the regulatory issues related to foreign currency loans to, and foreign investment in, domestic PRC enterprises,
the Company may not be able to finance its operations by loans or capital contributions. 

The restricted net assets of consolidated
subsidiary Liaoning Fuda as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $90,000,895 and $66,251,944, respectively. 

The condensed parent company financial information
has been prepared in accordance with Rule 4-08(e) of Regulation S-X, as the net assets of the subsidiaries of Fuda Group (USA)
Corp (the  Registrant ) exceed 25% of the consolidated net assets of the Registrant. 

The condensed parent company financial information
has been prepared using the same accounting principles and policies described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements,
with the only exception being that the parent company accounts for its subsidiaries using the equity method. Refer to the consolidated
financial statements and notes presented above for additional information and disclosures with respect to the financial information. 

Fuda Group (USA) Corporation and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Parent Company Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements  

Fuda Group (USA) Corporation
and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Parent Company
Statements of Operations  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements  

Fuda Group (USA) Corporation and Subsidiaries  

  Condensed Parent Company Statements of Cash
Flows  

  (unaudited)  

For
                                         the Nine Months Ended 

September 30,       
     September 30,     

2016       
     2015     

Cash flows from operating activities    

Net income    
     $  34,726,138       
     $  25,645,263     
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by or used in operating activities:    

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries    
        (35,136,094  )    
        (25,645,882  )  
 
     Bad debt expense    

Expenses paid by stockholder and contributed as capital    
        -       
        619     
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:    

Accounts payable and accrued expenses    
        -       
        -     
 
     Net cash used in operating activities    
        (409,956  )    
        -     

Cash flows from financing activities    

Proceeds from/(Repayment) to related party, net    
        (572,733  )    
        -     
 
     Proceeds from/(Repayment) to subsidiary    
        982,689       
        -     
 
     Net cash provided by financing activities    
        409,956       
        -     

Cash flows from investing activities    

Purchase of land, property and equipment    
        -       
        -     
 
     Net cash used in investing activities    
        -       
        -     

Effect of exchange rate changes    
        -       
        -     

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH    
        -       
        -     

CASH    

Beginning of period    
        -       
        -     
 
     End of period    
     $  -       
     $  -     

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF
    CASH FLOW INFORMATION  
    CASH PAID FOR:    

Interest    
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Income Taxes    
     $  -       
     $  -     

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Company  

The Company was incorporated in the State
of Delaware in September 2014 and was formerly known as Spruce Valley Acquisition Corporation. In September 2015, the Company
acquired each of Fuda Gold (UK) Limited, a private company organized under the laws of England and Wales ( Fuda UK ),
and Marvel Investment Corporation Limited, a private company organized under the laws of Hong Kong ( Marvel ), in
separate stock-for-stock acquisitions. 

Prior to the Acquisitions, the Company had
no ongoing business or operations and was established for the purpose of completing a business combination with a target company,
such as Fuda UK and Marvel. Accordingly, the business of the Company is now that of Fuda UK and Marvel (and of Liaoning Fuda by
virtue of Marvel s ownership of Liaoning Fuda), each of which was acquired by the Company in the Acquisitions. 

After the Acquisition, the Company and its
subsidiaries operate as a natural resource trading company that consists of granite and marble (raw blocks, stone carvings, slabs,
pavers, wall claddings) fluorite (rocks), graphite (rocks), gold and precious metal (sand, rocks, bars) in China. 

References to the financial condition and
performance of the Company below in this section  Management s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operation  are to Liaoning Fuda Mining Co. Ltd, Fuda UK and Marvel respectively. 

Operations 

Since 2013, the Company is a natural resource
trading company that consists of granite raw blocks, stone carvings, slabs, and wall claddings in China. 

The Company believes that the demand for granite
in China, particularly near and around Dandong City, where the Company is operating, will continue to grow through 2016 and beyond. 
Dandong City is experiencing massive growth and development in residential, commercial and governmental building.  In addition,
the domestic demand for granite is greatly increasing as a decorative and a building material as China experiences such internal
growth.  China s real estate development, construction projects, municipal projects, construction market and retail
market requires a large number of stone products. In 2016, we have introduced more varied line of stone products, art carvings,
custom made stone products, construction slabs and retail market standard size slabs. 

In August 2015, the Company has started conducting
business operations in trading graphite, fluorite and gold. 

In October 2015, the Company commenced gold
trading activities. The Company purchase gold bars from the supplier with the intention to resell to jewelry or gold stores. The
purchase price of gold bars is based on the quoted commodity exchange price at the time of the transaction. 

At the end of 2015, the Company entered into
an agreement with a mine owner whereby the Company will filter and sort gold mine tailings from discarded mine materials. The
contract stipulates that the sorting function would be outsourced to a third party on a profit share basis with the distribution
of profits as follows: 40% to the Company, 35% to the labor party for supplying labors for sorting and filtering and the tools
(the  Labor Party ), and 25% to the mine owner. Subsequent to the execution of a contract with a mine owner, a contract
will be executed with the filtering and sorting party (labor party) to do the actual filtering and sorting, to provide laborers,
knowledge and tools at their cost. The time it takes from sorting and filtering of gold mine tailings to completing a sale is
about 7 to 10 working days. 

The Company plans to consolidate and expand
its gold bar trading and its gold mine tailings sorting and filtering business. The Company intends to seek gold mine tailings
sorting and filtering opportunities with other mine owners.  

Besides the operations above, the Company s
subsidiary Liaoning Fuda also purchased the titles to land use right surrounding the mines for investment purposes. 

The Company s management believes that
the market demand for natural resources, such as gold, granite and marble, will continue to increase. Gold and other precious
metals are commodities and will thereby experience times of high and low trading values, but the demand for it as a commodity
would be ever present. The same could be said for granite and marble, which would be additionally affected by the economy in terms
of the construction industry. 

As for the Company s diversification
into marble and granite industry, the Company is executing plans to acquire an open-pit granite mine that employs saw-cutting
methods to remove large granite blocks from the quarry. In addition, the Company is also preparing to further process the raw
blocks into slabs, pavers, wall claddings, and carvings. These products can be sold to government agencies for infrastructure
projects, corporations, granite processing plants, civil engineering companies as well renovation companies. 

Reverse Stock Spli t  

The Company effected 100-for-41 reverse stock
split of all 258,339,773 of its then outstanding common stock at the record date of October 1, 2015 resulting in 105,919,309 shares
outstanding. The Stockholders approved the reverse stock split at a Special Meeting of Stockholders on October 1, 2015. All references
to common stock and per share amounts for all prior periods presented have been retroactively presented to reflect the reverse
share split. 

Registration Statement 

The Company has filed
a registration statement on Form S-1 for the offer and sale of 50,000,000 shares of common stock offered by the Company. No public
market currently exists for our common stock. The registration statement has not yet been declared effective and can be viewed
at the SEC website. 

The Company will receive
no proceeds from the sale of the shares by the Selling Shareholders but will receive the proceeds from the sale of the 50,000,000
shares offered by it. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the sale of the shares, minus expenses and commissions, if
any, to purchase fund capital development and for general corporate purposes. 

Property 

The Company currently has the following physical locations and
respective lease arrangements: 

The Company s USA office is located at 48 Wall Street, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10005, USA. 

The Company s China Head office is located
at 903-904 Ling Hang International, Guang Qu Men Nei, Dong Cheng District, Beijing, China 

The Company s China Regional office
is located at 12th Floor, 100 Jin Jiang Street, Dandong City, Liaoning Province, China. The Company s China office consists
of approximately 5000 square feet of office space leased on a 3 years  basis at approximately $5,250 (RMB 33,333) per month. 

The Company s Hong Kong office is located
at Room 801-2, 8/F., Easey Commercial Building, 253-261 Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong 

The Company s UK office is located at 20-22 Wenlock Road,
London N1 7G 

If the Company were forced to relocate, it believes it could obtain
an equally satisfactory location at a comparable price. 

The Company currently owns land use rights to 8 parcels of lands surrounding
the mines for investment purposes, 

 containing a total of approximately 21.56 million square feet of
land. 

Subsidiaries 

The Company s subsidiaries are: Marvel
Investment Corporation Limited (and its subsidiary Liaoning Fuda Mining Co., Ltd) and Fuda Gold (UK) Limited. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Equipment Financing 

The Company has no existing equipment financing arrangements. 

Potential Revenue 

The Company expects to earn potential revenue
from existing customers and product sales and refining and trading activities. The Company prospects for new clients on an ongoing
basis and also seeks additional revenue enhancement opportunities from existing clients. The Company will be also expanding its
portfolio of products. 

Alternative Financial Planning 

The Company has no alternative financial plans.
If the Company is not able to successfully raise monies as needed through a private placement or other securities offering (including,
but not limited to, a primary public offering of securities), the Company s ability to expand its business plan or strategy
over the next two years will be jeopardized. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The financial statements of the Company have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires making estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The estimates are based on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015  

As of September 30, 2016, Fuda Group (USA)
had cash available of $0, Liaoning Fuda had cash available of $31,848,426, Marvel had cash available of $970,680, and Fuda UK
had cash available of $7,971,783, with consolidated cash available for the Company at $40,790,889. 

As of December 31, 2015, Fuda Group (USA) had
cash available of $0, Liaoning Fuda had cash available of $18,166,602, Marvel had cash available of $11,549, and Fuda UK had cash
available of $399, with consolidated cash available for the Company at $18,178,550. 

Overall, the Company expects to generate its
liquidity and capital resources from sales revenues by its operating subsidiaries-Liaoning Fuda, Fuda UK, Marvel. These capital
resources are used to purchase inventory and to pay its vendors and suppliers for expenses incurred under normal operation of
the Company. 

At December 31, 2014, the Company had outstanding
payable balances of $8,379,978 to the land sellers for land purchased during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. 

In 2013, the Company and Beijing Huanda (the
land seller) executed a  Land Purchase and Sales Agreement  for approximately 621.6mu (102.4 acre) at a price of RMB90,000
(approximately $14,645) per mu. Initial payment was due on transfer of the land title which the Company paid in cash. Subsequently,
Beijing Huanda experienced a need for granite and entered into a sales agreement with the Company to purchase granite from the
Company. The parties also agreed to use granite to reduce the remaining amount due on the Land Purchase and Sales Agreement. 

In 2014, Fuda Investment and Winner International
(the  Land Sellers ) executed a series of  Sales Agreement  and  Land Purchase and Sale Agreement 
with the Company for an aggregate of approximately 1,415.83mu (233.24 acre) for an average price of RMB90,000 (approximately $14,645)
per mu, and approximately 607.1mu (100.0 acre) for an average price of RMB108,656 (approximately $17,680) per mu, respectively.
As the Company desired to acquire land from the Land Sellers, and the Land Sellers desired to purchase granite from the Company,
the parties agreed to trade the land for granite. Thereafter, each executed a Sales Agreement and a Land Purchase and Sales Agreement
with the Company. The transaction is considered an arms-length transaction as the purchase price of the land is determined based
on appraised value and the price of granite is based on normal sales price without any special consideration or discount or conditions.
The appraisal was a current appraisal and performed by an independent third-party. 

Mr. Wu, President of the Company was trading
manager of Winner International from 2007 to 2009 and worked in Fuda Investment from 2009 to 2012. At the time of the land sale
Mr. Wu was not an officer or employee of either company. 

The land debts above were treated as Accounts
Payable and Accrued expenses classified as a current liability on the balance sheet as there were no payment terms or maturity
date. The land debts were to be paid off by fair market sales price of granites in a barter trade exchange. 

Sales Agreements for granite include a total
sales amount equal to the purchase price of the land and provides that payment may be made by cash or land. 

If the land sellers demand the outstanding
payables to be paid immediately, the Company will be able to obtain financing through the banks by putting the lands as a collateral
to pay off the outstanding balances owed to the land sellers. If the Company is not able to raise capital for this purpose through
other debt or equity financings, the Company s business and financial conditions may be adversely affected. 

During the year ended December 31, 2015. the
Company barter traded granites with total fair market sales price of $8,260,746 and reduced the corresponding amounts in land
debts. As at December 31, 2015, the Company has repaid the outstanding land debts above. Gain from barter trade were $7,634,932
for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

In 2013 and 2014, the Company executed short
term account receivable factoring agreements with the banks with maturity from 1 to 3 months. The bank would advance the Company
at contracted discount percentage of 70%-85% of the accounts receivable invoices factored up front and charge a contracted interest
fee at average rate of 2%-4% based on the percentage advanced. The discount is recognized as financing interest expense. When
the outstanding accounts receivable invoice is collected, the advanced amount plus any accrued interest are repaid. The Company
has also purchased insurance for the full invoiced amount. Please refer to additional discussions below. 

As at December 31, 2015, the Director of the
Company has repaid the outstanding trade financing loans on behalf of the Company which increased amounts due to related party.
The outstanding amount of trade financing loans were $nil and $nil as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 respectively.
The interest expenses were $nil and $1,357 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The trade financing
loans were repaid in January 2015 when the goods were returned by the customers. 

The Company s proposed expansion plans
and business process improvements described above will necessitate additional capital and financing. Accordingly, the Company
plans to raise outside funding in order to achieve its expanded growth and profit objectives in its business over the next two
years. The monies raised will be utilized for general operations, working capital, acquisition of mines, acquisition of gold sorting
and refining facilities and acquisition of granite and marble processing facilities. 

There can be no assurance that the Company s
activities will generate sufficient revenues to sustain its operations without additional capital, or if additional capital is
needed, that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. Accordingly, given the Company s
limited cash and cash equivalents on hand, the Company will be unable to implement its contemplated business plans and operations
unless it obtains additional financing or otherwise is able to generate sufficient revenues and profits. The Company may raise
additional capital through sales of debt or equity, obtain loan financing or develop and consummate other alternative financial
plans. 

The ability of the Company s Chinese
Subsidiary-Liaoning Fuda-to pay dividends, royalties, management fees, etc may be restricted due to the foreign exchange control
policies and availability of cash balance of the Chinese operating subsidiaries. A majority of the revenue being earned and currency
received are denominated in RMB, which is subject to the exchange control regulation in China, and, as a result, the Company may
unable to distribute any dividends outside China due to PRC exchange control regulations that restrict its ability to convert
RMB into US Dollars. Accordingly, Liaoning Fuda funds may not be 

 readily available the Company to satisfy obligations which have
been incurred outside the PRC, which could adversely affect business and prospects or the Company s ability to meet its
cash obligations. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $27,016,833, and net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 was $19,449,749, respectively. Net cash provided by operating activities in 2015 was lower resulting
from gain from barter trade of $7,701,792 adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities. The
significant changes resulted from net income increase with gain from barter trade reduction. The Company generated net income
of $34,726,138 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $25,645,263 for the same period in 2015.
In 2015, the net income of $25,645,263 was generated from $7,701,792 of gain from barter trade as compared to 2016 no net income
generated from barter trade, as a result cash provided by operating activities was higher for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. However, in 2016 the Company paid $5,378,844 to its suppliers as part of the purchase agreements while in 2015 the Company
received security deposits returned from its suppliers which reduce the cash provided by operating activities in 2016. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding receivable from its customers of $2,378,103 as compared
to $475,041 for the same period in 2015. The increase in receivable resulted from sales generated at the end of the quarter with
payments collected subsequently. 

Net cash used by financing activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,600,994 whereas net cash used in financing activities for the same period in 2015
was $1,892,594. The Company repaid $3,600,994 to the shareholders in 2016 and $1,546 in 2015. In 2013 and 2014, the Company has
executed various short term accounts receivables factoring agreements with the banks where the banks would advance the Company
a contracted percentage of the invoices factored up front. These trade financing loans derived from export sales generated in
2013 and 2014 that carryover to 2015. Financing activities attributable to repayments of trade financing loans was $1,891,048
in 2015. The trade financing loans had to be repaid by the shareholders as the goods were returned by the customers. 

The resulting effect on cash as at September
30, 2016 was $22,612,339 with an effect of exchange rate changes of $(803,500), as compared to cash at September 30, 2015, the
net changes in cash was $17,048,605 with an effect of exchange rate changes of $(508,550). 

Discussion of Three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The Company generated revenues from sales of
products of $36,650,349 and $14,466,259 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of
approximately 153.4% on a year-over-year basis. Gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $19,312,461 or
approximately 52.7% of revenues as compared to $11,414,428 or approximately 78.9% of revenues for the same period in 2015, representing
a decrease in gross margin. 

As the Company granite business steadies, there
was an increase of customers and therefore sales orders have increased. According to the increase in market and customer demand,
the Company s revenues generated from granite increased. The Company generated sales revenues from the cooperative
operation agreement to filter and sort gold sands or gold dust from the gold mine tailings. 

The gross margin was effected by the quality
of the granite blocks received by the Company from the supplier. The Company purchased granite blocks in batches from the suppliers,
and the Company would sort the granite blocks into different grades. The better quality of granite blocks received by the Company
would allow the Company to sell at a higher price. The imperfect granite would be included as part of the cost of the inventory
which effect the profit margin. 

The Company commenced graphite and
fluorite activities only in August 2015. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company experience an increase
in sales of graphite and fluorite as the numbers of customers increased. The increase in profit margin resulted from
change of suppliers. Previously the Company purchased the goods from trade merchants, and until recently the Company located
new suppliers purchased the goods directly from the mines at a lower price. 

The Company commenced gold trading activities
only in October 2015. The Company purchase gold bars from the supplier with the intention to resell to jewelry or gold stores.
The purchase price of gold bars is based on the quoted commodity exchange price at the time of the transaction. 

At the end of 2015, the Company entered into
an agreement with a mine owner whereby the Company will filter and sort gold mine tailings from discarded mine materials. The
contract stipulates that the sorting function would be outsourced to a third party on a profit share basis with the distribution
of profits as follows: 40% to the Company, 35% to the labor party for supplying labors for sorting and filtering and the tools
(the  Labor Party ), and 25% to the mine owner. Subsequent to the execution of a contract with a mine owner, a contract
will be executed with the filtering and sorting party (labor party) to do the actual filtering and sorting, to provide laborers,
knowledge and tools at their cost. The time it takes from sorting and filtering of gold mine tailings to completing a sale is
about 7 to 10 working days. 

The Company s primary customers for gold
bars are jewelry and gold shops. The Company s primary customers for filtered tailings are gold dust trading companies and
gold refining companies. The gold market is more of a seller's market than a buyer's market. When available stock is made known
to the market, which is a very close community, a gold buyer will contact the seller. Through word of mouth and introductions,
the Company has established and built relationships with many buyers. Buyers will arrange for pick-up and delivery of the gold
at their cost and the Labor Party will package and load the gold for the buyers. 

The Company has experienced a rise in gold
revenues in 2016 primarily from the sale of gold dust that commenced in April 2016. For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company sold 12,867.71 tons of gold dust from mine tailings which generated revenues of $12,249,655 with a cost of $7,349,793,
resulting in a gross profit of $4,899,862. Additionally, during the same period, the Company sold approximately 59,711.85 grams
of gold bars for $2,539,691 with a cost of $2,141,519, resulting in a gross profit of $398,172. 

The Company plans to consolidate and
expand its gold bar trading and its gold mine tailings sorting and filtering business. The Company intends to seek gold mine tailings
sorting and filtering opportunities with other mine owners.  

The sales revenues and
cost of sales as follows: 

Operating expenses decreased 21% from $448,748
in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $355,289 in the same period of 2016. 

The Company s motor vehicle expenses
increased as a result of new car leases obtained by the Company for its officers in 2016. The Company also incurred additional
travel expenses and professional fees being a public reporting company. The Company wrote-off accounts receivable that were deemed
uncollectible of $215,209 for granite sales generated from international customers in the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

In October 2015, the Company started operation
of trading gold, graphite, and fluorite, as well as sorting and filtering gold mine tailing activities which continued into 2016.
Sorting and filtering activities of gold mine tailing required the Company to incur additional expenses such as hiring additional
workers - supervisors, technical experts, mining advisors  and purchasing some basic tools and supplies. As a result, wages
and salaries were higher in 2016. 

Total other income generated was $861 in the
three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to other income of $2,842,131 in the same period of 2015. The Company received
interest income of $304 and $51 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company received $nil
and $105,096 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively in government rebates which were mainly for export
and insurance incentives that occurred in 2014 for export sales by the Company. The Company generated gain from barter trade of
$nil and $2,842,131 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The barter trade was trading granite
for land acquired in 2014. 

The Company generated higher gain from through
barter trade in 2015 as compared to 2016 as outstanding balance owed were paid off in 2015. The barter trade was trading granite
for land acquired in 2014. The granites were traded at market sales price. 

As a result, during
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company posted operating income of $18,958,033 and net income of $18,958,033 as
compared to operating income of $13,912,958 and net income of $11,222,610 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Discussion of Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

As the Company granite business steadies, there
was an increase of customers and therefore sales orders have increased. According to the increase in market and customer demand,
the Company s revenues generated from granite increased. The Company generated sales revenues from the cooperative
operation agreement to filter and sort gold sands or gold dust from the gold mine tailings. 

The gross margin was effected by the quality
of the granite blocks received by the Company from the supplier. The Company purchased granite blocks in batches from the suppliers,
and the Company would sort the granite blocks into different grades. The better quality of granite blocks received by the Company
would allow the Company to sell at a higher price. The imperfect granite would be included as part of the cost of the inventory
which effect the profit margin. 

The Company commenced graphite and
fluorite activities only in August 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company experience an increase
in sales of graphite and fluorite as the numbers of customers increased. The increase in profit margin resulted from
change of suppliers. Previously the Company purchased the goods from trade merchants, and until recently the Company located
new suppliers and purchased the goods directly from the mines at a lower price. 

The Company commenced gold trading activities
only in October 2015. The Company purchase gold bars from the supplier with the intention to resell to jewelry or gold stores.
The purchase price of gold bars is based on the quoted commodity exchange price at the time of the transaction. 

The Company has experienced a rise in gold
revenues in 2016 primarily from the sale of gold dust that commenced in April 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company sold 21,374.42 tons of gold dust from mine tailings which generated revenues of $20,083,198 with a cost of $12,049,919,
resulting in a gross profit of $8,033,279. Additionally, during the same period, the Company sold approximately 80,676.29 grams
of gold bars for $3,336,738 with a cost of $2,825,181, resulting in a gross profit of $511,557. 

The Company plans to consolidate and
expand its gold bar trading and its gold mine tailings sorting and filtering business. The Company intends to seek gold mine tailings
sorting and filtering opportunities with other mine owners.  

The sales revenues and cost of sales
as follows: 

Operating expenses increased 48% from $782,263
in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $1,508,081 in the same period of 2016. The increase in these costs was primarily
attributable to wages and salaries, professional fees, motor vehicle expenses and travel expenses 

The Company s motor
vehicle expenses increased as a result of new car leases obtained by the Company for its officers in 2016. The Company also incurred
additional travel expenses and professional fees being a public reporting company. The Company wrote-off accounts receivable that
were deemed uncollectible of $215,209 for granite sales generated from international customers in the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

In late 2015, the Company started operation
of trading gold, graphite, and fluorite, as well as sorting and filtering gold mine tailing activities which continued into 2016.
Sorting and filtering activities of gold mine tailing required the Company to incur additional expenses such as hiring additional
workers - supervisors, technical experts, mining advisors  and purchasing some basic tools and supplies. As a result, wages
and salaries were higher in 2016. 

Total Other income generated were $3,380 in
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to other income of $7,840,144 in the same period of 2015. The Company received
interest income of $304 and incurred interest expenses of $1,288 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The interest expense was incurred for trade financing loans that were paid off in January 2015. The Company received $nil and
$139,640 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively in government rebates which were mainly for export
and insurance incentives that occurred in 2014 for export sales by the Company. The Company generated gain from barter trade of
$nil and $7,701,792 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company generated higher gain from through
barter trade in 2015 as compared to 2016 as outstanding balance owed were paid off in 2015. The barter trade was trading granite
for land acquired in 2013 and 2014. The granites were traded at fair market sales price. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company posted operating income of $34,726,138 and net income of $34,726,138 as compared to operating income of $25,650,170
and net income of $25,645,263 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Related Party Transactions  

From time to time, the
Company receives advances from related parties as working capital to fund for its operations which consist of the following. These
advances are due on demand, unsecured and non-interest bearing. 

On March 2016, the Company mistakenly
paid Ms. Lynn Lee in the amount of $486,387 as expenses reimbursements which was repaid previously. This amount has been returned
by the Ms. Lynn Lee to the Company on April 2016. 

Mr. Xiaobin Wu, the Company s officer
and director, was the Manager Director of Dandong Fuda Investment Co., Ltd ( Fuda Investment ) from 2009 to 2012 and
worked as trading manager at Winner International Industries Ltd., ( Winner International ), each of these entities
also holds a small (under 5%) interest in the Company which are considered affiliated entities. 

Sales revenues for affiliated entities were
$936,276 and $nil, and the corresponding cost of sales for these sales revenues were $83,596 and $nil for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

In 2014, the Company acquired lands from Fuda
Investment for RMB 127,424,700, and from Winner International for RMB 65,965,000. In addition, Fuda Investment and Winner International
has executed sales agreements to purchase granite stones from the Company. Any revenues and cost of sales for these entities is
shown separately on the Statement of Operation as Revenue and Cost of Sales from Affiliated Entities. The purchase price of the
land (corresponding outstanding payables) was to be paid off by fair market sales price of the stones (corresponding accounts
receivables) as a barter trade exchange. (Refer to  Barter Trade Exchange  Footnote of Financial Statements) 

Barter trade gains from affiliated entities
were $nil and $7,701,792 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk. 

Information not required to be filed by Smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures. Disclosures and Procedures 

Pursuant to Rules adopted by the Securities
and Exchange Commission, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules. This evaluation was done as of the end of the period covered by this report
under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's principal executive officer (who is also the principal financial
officer). 

Based upon that evaluation, we believe that
the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective in gathering, analyzing and disclosing information needed to ensure
that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in its periodic reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms. 

 Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files
or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

This Quarterly Report does not include an
attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this Quarterly Report. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

With the acquisitions of the Company s
subsidiaries, the Company has grown in size and revenues and management of the Company believes that currently its internal controls
over financial reporting are efficient and effective; however, given the time constraints and growth of the Company, management
believes that it will likely examine and change the process of reporting financial matters and internal control will likely change.
There was no change that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no legal proceedings against the
Company and the Company is unaware of such proceedings contemplated against it. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS 

From inception (September 25, 2014), the
Company has issued common shares pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 as follows: 

(5)  Between July 1, 2015 and September 7, 2015,
                                         59,794,307 shares of common stock were issued by the Company to shareholders pursuant
                                         to executed subscription agreements under a Regulation D offering or other private placement
                                         of securities. Each of these transactions was issued as part of the private placement
                                         of securities by the Company in which no underwriting discounts or commissions applied
                                         to any of the transactions. The Company conducted such private placement offering in
                                         order to build a base of shareholders and establish relationships with a variety of shareholders.
                                         Tiber Creek Corporation did not assist the Company in conducting the offering. 

The number of shares above is shown as post-split
numbers of shares. The Company effectuated a 41-for-100 reverse stock split in October 2015. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

On September 30, 2015, the Board of Directors
approved the 41-for-100 reverse stock split and resolved to present the matter to a vote of shareholders at a special meeting
of the stockholders held October 1, 2015. The 41-for-100 reverse stock split was approved with a record date of October 1, 2015. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

(a)  Not applicable. 

During the quarter covered by this Report,
there have not been any material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

(a)  Exhibits 

Number 
       
     Item  

31  
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
    Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32  
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
    Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002   
 
     101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  
 
     101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
 
     101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
 
     101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
 
     101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
 
     101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

FUDA GROUP (USA) CORPORATION 

By: 
     /s/ Xiaobin Wu 

President, Chief Executive Office and Chief Financial Officer  

Dated: November 14, 2016 

<EX-31>
 2
 v452738_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

EXHIBIT 31  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, certify that: 

1.    I, Xiaobin Wu, have reviewed this Form
10-Q of Fuda Group (USA) Corporation 

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)    Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures,or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)    Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations; and 

d)    Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)    All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Xiaobin Wu  

Chief Executive Officer and   

Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 v452738_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, the undersigned officer of Fuda Group (USA) Corporation (the  Company ), hereby
certify to my knowledge that: 

The Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016
of the Company fully complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Xiaobin Wu  

Chief Executive Officer and   

Chief Financial Officer  

Date: November 14, 2016  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 cik0001623013-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cik0001623013-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cik0001623013-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cik0001623013-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cik0001623013-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cik0001623013-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

