<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1357459_0001171843-16-013023_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3470232</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>187754</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>394724</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>617588</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1448798</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>724387</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>70</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-013023.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108080118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-013023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Neuralstem, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001357459
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				522007292
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33672
		FILM NUMBER:		161980001

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20271 GOLDENROD LANE
		CITY:			GERMANTOWN
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20876
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-366-4841

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20271 GOLDENROD LANE
		CITY:			GERMANTOWN
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20876

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-013023.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 f10q_110816p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
one)   

For
the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016   

   Or   

Commission
File Number 001-33672   

NEURALSTEM,
INC.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code  (301)-366-4841   

_______________________________________________________________________   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes 
       No   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes         No   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer    
      Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a small reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)     
Yes     No   

As
of October 31, 2016, there were 114,859,175shares of common stock, $.01 par value, issued and outstanding.  

Neuralstem,
Inc.   

Table
of Contents  

Page   

PART I -   
       
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      3   

Item 1.   
       
       Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      3   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
    Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss   For
    the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows   For the nine months
    ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
        5   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      6   

Item 2.   
       
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      15   

Item 3.   
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      24   

Item 4.   
       
       Controls and Procedures   
      24   

PART II -   
       
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      26   

Item 1.   
       
       Legal Proceedings   
      26   

Item 1A.   
       
       Risk Factors   
      26   

Item 2.   
       
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      39   

Item 3.   
       
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      40   

Item 4.   
       
       Mine Safety Disclosure   
      40   

Item 5.   
       
       Other Information   
      40   

Item 6.   
       
       Exhibits   
      40   

Signatures   
      40   

Certificates  

PART
I   

   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   

ITEM
1.	UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Neuralstem, Inc. 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.       

Neuralstem, Inc. 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.         

Neuralstem, Inc. 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.       

NEURALSTEM,
INC.   

   NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER
30, 2016 AND 2015   

Note
1.   Basis of Presentation and Liquidity   

 In management s
opinion, the accompanying condensed financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which
are necessary to present fairly our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The condensed consolidated balance
sheet at December 31, 2015, has been derived from audited financial statements as of that date. The interim results of operations
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may occur for the full fiscal year. Certain information and footnote disclosure
normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America (U.S. GAAP) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to instructions, rules and regulations prescribed by the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We believe that the disclosures provided herein are adequate to make the information
presented not misleading when these condensed financial statements are read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC, and as may be amended.
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year classifications. 

Neuralstem, Inc. is referred to as  Neuralstem, 
the  Company,   us,  or  we  throughout this report. Our wholly-owned and controlled subsidiary
located in China is consolidated in our condensed consolidated financial statements and all intercompany activity has been eliminated. 

Our
operations currently do not generate significant cash. Our management does not know when or if this will change. We have spent
and will continue to spend substantial funds in the research, development, clinical and pre-clinical testing of our small molecule
product candidates and to a lesser extent on our stem cell product candidates with the goal of ultimately obtaining approval from
the United States Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ) and its international equivalents, to market and sell our
products.   

No
assurance can be given that (i) approval will ever be granted for us to market and sell our product candidates, or (ii) that
if approval is granted, that we will ever be able to sell our products or be profitable.  

Liquidity   

The
Company has incurred losses since its inception and has not demonstrated an ability to generate revenues from sales or services
and has not yet achieved profitable operations. There can be no assurance that profitable operations will ever be achieved, or
if achieved, could be sustained on a continuing basis. In addition, development activities, clinical and pre-clinical testing,
and commercialization of our products will require significant additional financing. These factors create substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.  

Our
cash and cash equivalents balance at September 30, 2016 was approximately $5.7 million. Our ability to continue as a going concern
is wholly dependent upon obtaining sufficient financing to fund our operations.  Although we have entered into a definitive
agreement relating to the sale of $20 million of our securities, our current cash level raises substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern past December 31, 2016. Should we fail to complete the closing of the $20 million equity sale or
if we do not obtain other additional funds by such time, we may no longer be able to continue as a going concern and will cease
operation which means that our shareholders may lose their entire investment. 

Despite our ability to secure capital in
the past, there is no assurance that additional equity or debt financing will be available to us when needed. If we are not able
to secure financing, we may be forced to further curtail operations beyond our May 2016 reduction in force (see note 7), delay
or stop ongoing pre-clinical research, clinical trials, cease operations altogether or file for bankruptcy. 

On
October 18, 2016, we received notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the  Staff ) of The NASDAQ Stock Market
LLC ( Nasdaq ) indicating that the Staff had determined to delist the Company s securities from The Nasdaq Capital
Market due to the Company s continued non-compliance with the $1.00 bid price requirement unless the Company timely requested
a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the  Panel ). The Company has requested a hearing before the Panel, which
request will stay any delisting action by the Staff until such hearing is held.  At the hearing, the Company will present
its plan to regain compliance with all applicable requirements for continued listing on the Nasdaq. 

The Company is diligently working on the
plan it will present at the hearing; however, there can be no assurance that the Panel will determine to continue listing the Company s
common stock on Nasdaq or that the Company will be able to evidence compliance with the applicable listing criteria within the
period of time that may be granted by the Panel. 

Should
Nasdaq reject the Company s plan, the Company faces delisting of its shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If delisted, our
shares would likely trade on the OTCQB market ( Pink Sheets ). Being delisted from the Nasdaq will likely result in
difficulties in future-fund raising efforts and is likely to affect the Company s operations and research efforts going forward.  

Note
2.  Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

Use
of Estimates   

  The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The condensed consolidated financial
statements include significant estimates for the expected economic life and value of our licensed technology, our net operating
loss and related valuation allowance for tax purposes and our stock-based compensation related to employees and directors, consultants
and investment banks, among other things. Because of the use of estimates inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results
could differ significantly from those estimates.  

Fair Value Measurements  

 The carrying amounts of our short-term
financial instruments, which primarily include cash and cash equivalents, other short-term investments, accounts payable and accrued
expenses, approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. 

Foreign Currency Translation  

 The functional currency of our wholly owned
foreign subsidiary is its local currency.  Assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiary are translated into United
States dollars based on exchange rates at the end of the reporting period; income and expense items are translated at the weighted
average exchange rates prevailing during the reporting period.  Translation adjustments for subsidiaries that have not been
sold, substantially liquidated or otherwise disposed of are accumulated in other comprehensive income or loss, a component of stockholders'
equity.   Transaction gains or losses are included in the determination of net loss. 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, Short-Term Investments
and Credit Risk  

 Cash equivalents consist of investments
in low risk, highly liquid money market funds and certificates of deposit with original maturities of 90 days or less. Cash deposited
with banks and other financial institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. If the amount of a deposit
at any time exceeds the federally insured amount at a bank, the uninsured portion of the deposit could be lost, in whole or in
part, if the bank were to fail. 

Short-term investments consist entirely
of fixed income certificates of deposit ( CDs ) with original maturities of greater than 90 days and not more than
one year. 

Financial instruments that potentially
subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents and short-term investments. Our investment policy,
approved by our Board of Directors, limits the amount we may invest in any one type of investment issuer, thereby reducing credit
risk concentrations. In addition, our certificates of deposit are typically invested through the Certificate of Deposit Account
Registry Service ( CDARS ) program which reduces or eliminates our risk related to concentrations of investments above
FDIC insurance levels. We attempt to limit our credit and liquidity risks through our investment policy and through regular reviews
of our portfolio against our policy. To date, we have not experienced any loss or lack of access to cash in our operating accounts
or to our cash equivalents and short-term investments. 

Research
and Development   

  Research
and development costs are expensed as they are incurred. Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs associated
with   the pre-clinical development and clinical trials of our product candidates.     

Income
(Loss) per Common Share   

 Basic income (loss)
per common share is computed by dividing total net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period. 

For periods of
net income when the effects are dilutive, diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders
by the weighted average number of shares outstanding and the dilutive impact of all dilutive potential common shares. Dilutive
potential common shares consist primarily of stock options, restricted stock units and common stock purchase warrants. The dilutive
impact of potential common shares resulting from common stock equivalents is determined by applying the treasury stock method.
Our unvested restricted shares contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends, and therefore are considered to be participating securities;
the calculation of basic and diluted income per share excludes net income attributable to the unvested restricted shares from the
numerator and excludes the impact of the shares from the denominator. 

For all periods
of net loss, diluted loss per share is calculated similarly to basic loss per share because the impact of all dilutive potential
common shares is anti-dilutive due to the net losses; accordingly, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for
the three-and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. A total of approximately 63.1 million and 37.3 million potential
dilutive shares have been excluded in the calculation of diluted net income per share for the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Share-Based
Compensation   

 We account for
share-based compensation at fair value. Share-based compensation cost for stock options and warrants granted to employees and board
members is generally determined at the grant date while awards granted to non-employee consultants are generally valued at the
vesting date using an option pricing model that uses Level 3 unobservable inputs; share-based compensation cost for restricted
stock and restricted stock units is determined at the grant date based on the closing price of our common stock on that date. The
value of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service
period. 

Intangible
and Long-Lived Assets   

  We
evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
the asset may not be recoverable. We assess this recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated
undiscounted future cash flows to be generated by the asset. If an asset is deemed to be impaired, we estimate the impairment loss
by determining the excess of the asset s carrying amount over the estimated fair value. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, no significant impairment losses were recognized.   

Income Taxes  

 We account for income taxes using the asset
and liability approach, which requires the recognition of future tax benefits or liabilities on the temporary differences between
the financial reporting and tax bases of our assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. We also recognize a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if
it is  more likely than not  that the position is sustainable based on its technical merits. Our policy is to recognize
interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. 

Significant
New Accounting Pronouncements   

In April 2015,
the FASB issued  ASU 2015-03   Interest-Imputation of Interest, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs .
This Change in Accounting Principle requires that deferred debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented
in the balance sheet as a deduction of the carrying amount of the debt liability (similar to debt discounts). This change is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. This change has been applied retrospectively.
This new pronouncement results in our reclassifying amounts previously reflected as current and long-term assets to a contra-liability,
which reduces the carrying value of the associated debt instruments. To conform to this standard, approximately $90,000 was reclassified
on our December 31, 2015 balance sheet from current assets to current portion of long term debt and approximately $9,000 was reclassified
from non-current assets to long term debt. 

In August 2014,
the FASB issued  ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern . This ASU requires entities
to evaluate for each annual and interim reporting period, whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that
the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued
when applicable). The ASU will become effective for annual reporting periods after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016,
the FASB issued  ASU 2016-02, Leases . This ASU requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance
sheet and disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. This ASU will become effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In March 2016,
the FASB issued  ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share Based Payment Accounting . This ASU address areas for simplification
in several aspects of accounting for share-based payment including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The ASU will become effective for annual reporting periods
after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on its consolidated financial
 statements.  

The Company has
reviewed other recent accounting pronouncements released during the year and concluded that they are either not applicable to the
business, or that no material effect is expected on the consolidated financial statements as a result of future adoption. 

Note
3.  Fair Value Measurements   

 Fair value is the price that would
be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability assuming an orderly transaction in the most advantageous
market at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level
of observability of inputs used in measuring fair value. These levels are: 

Level 1    inputs are based
upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets.     

Level 2    inputs are based
upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that
are not active, and model-based valuation techniques (e.g. the Black-Scholes model) for which all significant inputs are observable
in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Where
applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable
inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot prices for currencies and commodities.     

Level 3    inputs are generally
unobservable and typically reflect management's estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option pricing models and discounted
cash flow models.     

Financial Assets
and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  

 We have segregated
our financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value into the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy
based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date. 

The inputs used
in measuring the fair value of cash and cash equivalents are considered to be Level 1 in accordance with the three-tier fair value
hierarchy. The fair values are based on period-end statements supplied by the various banks and brokers that held the majority
of our funds. The fair value of all other financial instruments (prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued expenses and long-term
debt) approximate their carrying values because of their short-term nature. 

At September 30,
2016, we had certain common stock purchase warrants issued in connection with our May 2016 capital raises (See Note 5) that are
accounted for as derivative instruments whose fair value was determined using Level 3 inputs. The following table identifies the
carrying amounts of such assets and liabilities at September 30, 2016: 

We had no financial
assets or liabilities measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs on a recurring basis at December 31, 2015. 

The following table presents the activity
for those items measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The (gains) losses
resulting from the changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments are classified as the  change in the fair value
of derivative instruments  in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. The fair value of the common stock purchase
warrants is determined based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model for  plain vanilla  stock options and other
option pricing models as appropriate, and includes the use of unobservable inputs such as the expected term, anticipated volatility
and expected dividends. Changes in any of the assumptions related to the unobservable inputs identified above may change the embedded
conversion options  fair value; increases in expected term, anticipated volatility and expected dividends generally result
in increases in fair value, while decreases in these unobservable inputs generally result in decreases in fair value. 

Note
4.   Debt   

  In
October 2014, we entered into an agreement to refinance and amend the terms of our March 2013 loan and security agreement. The
amended loan provided for refinancing of approximately $5.6 million of outstanding balance of the initial loan along with approximately
$4.4 million of new principal for a total of $10 million in principal. The amended loan provides for a variable interest rate based
on prime with a floor of 10% and matures in April 2017. The loan provides for interest only payments through September 2015; payments
of principal and interest of approximately $461,000 from October 2015 through December 2016, and principal and interest of approximately
$435,000 from January, 2016 through March 2017 and a final balloon payment of approximately $2.8 million in April 2017. The loan
amendment generated approximately $4.3 million in net proceeds after fees and expenses. The loan amendment is accounted for as
a debt extinguishment in accordance with guidance provided for in ASC 470, Debt resulting in a loss on extinguishment of approximately
$446,000. In conjunction with the loan amendment we recorded a debt discount relating to the beneficial conversion feature. Such
discount is being amortized as interest expense over the term of the debt using the effective interest method.  

In
conjunction with the loan amendment, we issued the lender a five-year common stock purchase warrant to purchase 75,188 shares of
common stock at an exercise price of $2.66 per share. The warrant contains standard anti-dilution protection but does not contain
any anti-dilution price protection for subsequent offerings. The value of the warrant was accounted for in calculating the loss
on extinguishment.   

We
also incurred expenses with various third parties in connection with the loan amendment, consisting of approximately $86,000 in
cash, 28,119 shares of common stock valued at approximately $80,000, and a three-year common stock purchase warrant to purchase
58,141 shares at an exercise price of $2.66 per share. The warrant is classified as equity and has terms substantially similar
to the lender warrant. These fees related to the loan amendment are recorded as a deferred financing fees netted against the carrying
amount of the loan and are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the debt using the effective interest method.  

At
September 30, 2016, remaining principal payments due under this loan are approximately $1,187,000 and $3,766,000 payable in the
remainder of 2016 and 2017, respectively.  

Note
5.   Stockholders  Equity   

  We
have granted share-based compensation awards to employees, board members and service providers. Awards may consist of common stock,
restricted common stock, restricted common stock units, warrants, or stock options. Our stock options and warrants have lives of
up to ten years from the grant date. The stock options and warrants vest either upon the grant date or over varying periods of
time. The stock options we grant provide for option exercise prices equal to or greater than the fair value of the common stock
at the date of the grant. Restricted stock units grant the holder the right to receive fully paid common shares with various restrictions
on the holder s ability to transfer the shares. Vesting of the restricted stock units is similar to that of stock options.
As of September 30, 2016, we have approximately 66.8 million shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of
such awards.  

Share-based
compensation expense included in the statements of operations is as follows:   

Included
in the general and administrative expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is approximately $407,000 related to the
acceleration of the vesting of options for the previous CEO who left during the first quarter. In addition, approximately $42,000
and $15,000 is included in research and development and general and administrative expenses, respectively for the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 related to the modification of certain awards in conjunction with our corporate reorganization. See Note
7.  

No income tax benefit was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for stock-based compensation for the years presented
due to the Company s net loss position.    

Stock
Options    

  We
have granted stock options to our employees, board members and service providers.   

A
summary of stock option activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and related information is included in the table
below:  

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model for  plain vanilla  options and other pricing models as appropriate
to calculate the fair value of options. Significant assumptions used in these models include:   

The
options granted in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 had a weighted average grant date fair value  of $0.40
and  $1.89, respectively.   

Unrecognized
compensation cost for unvested stock option awards outstanding at September 30, 2016 was approximately $3,391,000 to be recognized
over approximately 1.6 years.   

RSUs 

We
have granted restricted stock units (RSUs) to certain employees and board members that entitle the holders to receive shares of
our common stock upon vesting and subject to certain restrictions regarding the exercise of the RSUs. The fair value of RSUs granted
is based upon the market price of the underlying common stock as if they were vested and issued on the date of grant.   

A
summary of our restricted stock unit activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:   

The
total intrinsic value of the outstanding restricted stock units at September 30, 2016 was approximately $28,500. The total value
of all restricted stock units that were converted in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $35,000.  

Restricted Stock  

 We
have granted restricted stock to certain board members.  

A
summary of our restricted stock activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:   

All
restricted stock was vested as of September 30, 2016. The total intrinsic value of all restricted stock vested in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $111,000.  

Stock
Purchase Warrants.  In the past, we have issued Warrants to purchase common stock to certain officers, directors, stockholders
and service providers as well as in conjunction with debt and equity offerings and at various times replacement warrants were issued
as an inducement for warrant exercises.   

In
May 2016, we issued 22,700,000 stock purchase warrants in conjunction with our equity raise transactions. Such warrants are classified
as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value each period due to the existence of non-standard anti-dilution conditions
contained in the warrants. See Note 3.   

A
summary of warrant activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

Common Stock  

 During the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, we issued 812,423 shares of common stock as a result of sales under our At the Market Offering
Agreement. The shares were sold at an average price of $3.77 per share and we received approximately $2,932,000 in net proceeds. 

During the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, we issued 1,705,400 shares of common stock upon the exercise of outstanding common stock purchase
warrants. The warrants were exercised at an average exercise price of $1.94. We received approximately $3,074,000 of net proceeds
from the exercises. 

During the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, we issued 1,059,980 shares of our common stock upon the cashless exercise of 2,209,000 outstanding
common stock purchase warrants and stock options. The warrants and options were exercised at an average price of $0.62. We received
no proceeds from the exercises. 

During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we issued 55,255 shares of our common stock upon the conversion of 61,720 outstanding restricted
stock units. 

On
May 03, 2016, we completed a public offering of 20,000,000 shares of common stock and 20,000,000 common stock purchase warrants
at a public offering price of $0.40 per each share and common stock purchase warrant. We received aggregate gross proceeds of $8.0
million and net proceeds of approximately $7,229,000 from the offering. The warrants allow the holder to purchase one share of
common stock, have an exercise price of $0.40 per share and a term of 5 years. The warrants contain certain non-standard anti-dilution
protection and consequently, are being accounted for as derivative instruments recorded at fair value each period (See Note 3).
The costs directly related to this offering were allocated between the common stock and the derivative instruments with those being
allocated to the derivative instruments being expensed as incurred and those allocated to the common stock being charged directly
to additional paid-in capital. This offering was made pursuant to our shelf registration statement declared effective by the SEC
on June 19, 2014 (Registration No. 333-196567).   

On
May 12, 2016, we entered into private placement securities purchase agreements with certain accredited investors to purchase 2,700,000
of common stock and 2,700,000 common stock purchase warrants at a price of $0.40 per each share and common stock purchase warrant.
We received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $1,080,000 and net proceeds of approximately $925,000. The warrants allow
the holder to purchase one share of common stock, have an exercise price of $0.40 per share and a term of 5 years. The warrants
contain certain non-standard anti-dilution protection and consequently, are being accounted for as derivative instruments recorded
at fair value each period (See Note 3). The costs directly related to this offering were allocated between the common stock and
the derivative instruments with those being allocated to the derivative instruments being expensed as incurred and those allocated
to the common stock being charged directly to additional paid-in capital. This private placement transaction was not made pursuant
to any registration statement.   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we issued 62,500 shares of common stock as a result of stock sales to certain employees
at an average price of $0.32. We received $20,000 of net proceeds from these sales.  

Note 6. Commitments
and Contingencies   

 We currently operate three facilities located
in the United States and one facility located in People s Republic of China. Our corporate offices and primary research facilities
are located in Germantown, Maryland, where we license approximately 1,500 square feet. This license provides for monthly payments
of approximately $5,300 per month, expires on December 31, 2016 and can be terminated by us upon 60 days written notice. 

In 2015, we entered into a lease consisting
of approximately 3,100 square feet of research space in San Diego, California. This lease provides for current monthly payments
of approximately $11,000 and expires on August 31, 2018. In conjunction with our recent cost-reduction exercise, we are currently
exploring opportunities to sub-lease this facility. 

In 2016, we entered into a license for
an Incubator Laboratory Facility in Urbana, Illinois. The license provides for monthly payments of $1,800, expires on December
31, 2019 and can be terminated by us upon 90 days written notice. 

We also lease a research facility in People s
Republic of China. This lease expires on September 30, 2018 with lease payments of approximately $3,200 per month. 

From time to time, we are parties to legal
proceedings that we believe to be ordinary, routine litigation incidental to the business of present or former operations. We are
currently not a party to any litigation or legal proceeding. 

The Company is currently obligated under
three written employment agreements and a general release agreement. The employment agreements are with our: (i) Chief Executive
Officer, (ii) Chief Scientific Officer ( CSO ) and (iii) Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ): Pursuant to the
terms of the agreements, our CEO, CSO and CFO receive annual salaries of $410,000, $490,000 and $315,000, respectively. The agreements
also provide for the payment of severance in the event one of the executives is terminated and in certain circumstances, the agreements
also provide for the acceleration of vesting with regard to options. 

On March 1, 2016, Neuralstem, Inc. (the
 Company ) entered into a General Release and Waiver of Claims ( General Release ) with I. Richard Garr
in connection with his resignation as the Company s chief executive officer. Pursuant to the General Release, Mr. Garr will:
(i) continue to receive his monthly salary of $36,667 until March 1, 2017, (ii) receive lump sum payments of $177,000 to be paid
on June 1, 2016, January 1, 2017 and March 1, 2017, (iii) receive healthcare benefits until January 1, 2017, and (iv) be entitled
to the immediate vesting of any previously outstanding but unvested equity awards (collectively, the  Severance ).
This General Release and Waiver of Claims was amended on June 16, 2016, whereupon Mr. Garr voluntarily agreed to forego the lump
sum payments due to him on January 1, 2017 and March 1, 2017. 

Note 7. Cost-Reduction Plan  

  On
May 20, 2016 we announced that we had committed to a cost-reduction plan in order to better utilize our resources on the implementation
of our refocused clinical and corporate strategy. This cost-reduction plan includes a reduction in force across all of the Company s
departments. With the exception of an on-going lease obligations on our facility in San Diego, California we completed this cost-reduction
plan in the quarter ended June 30, 2016. As a result of this cost-reduction plan we incurred total costs of approximately $470,000
comprised of $413,000 for severance and other employee payments, and $57,000 of non-cash costs for the modification of employee
stock options. Of the total expense, $312,000 is included in research and development expense and $158,000 is included in general
and administrative expense in our statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   At
September 30, 2016, a balance of approximately $17,000 remained to be paid and such balance is reflected as an accrued expense
in our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet.  

Our facility in San Diego, California consists
of 3,100 square feet of research space. This lease provides for current monthly payments of approximately $11,000 and expires on
August 31, 2018. We are currently exploring opportunities to sub-lease this facility. 

Note 8. Related
Party Receivable   

  On
August 10, 2016, we entered into a reimbursement agreement with a former executive officer. Pursuant to the reimbursement agreement,
the former officer agreed to repay the Company, over a six-year period, approximately $658,000 in expenses that the Company determined
to have been improperly paid under the Company's prior expense reimbursement policies. In addition to this reimbursement agreement,
the Company has implemented and is continuing to implement enhanced policies and procedures for travel expense reimbursements and
disbursements.  

The
$658,000 non-interest bearing receivable is recorded net of a $199,000 discount to reflect the net present value of the future
cash payments.  The Company recorded a non-operating gain of $459,000 for the three- and nine- month periods ended September
30, 2016.  The discount will be amortized through interest income using the effective interest method.  The entire amount
of $658,000 remains outstanding at September 30, 2016 and is payable in $100,000 annual installments with a final balloon payment
due six years from issuance.  

ITEM
2.	MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Statements
in this Quarterly Report that are not strictly historical are forward-looking statements and include statements about products
in development, results and analyses of pre-clinical studies, clinical trials and studies, research and development expenses, cash
expenditures, and alliances and partnerships, among other matters. You can identify these forward-looking statements because they
involve our expectations, intentions, beliefs, plans, projections, anticipations, or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties
that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of any number of factors.
These factors include, but are not limited to, risks relating to our ability to conduct and obtain successful results from ongoing
clinical trials, commercialize our technology, obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, contract with third parties
to adequately test and manufacture our proposed therapeutic products, protect our intellectual property rights and obtain additional
financing to continue our development efforts. Some of these factors are more fully discussed, as are other factors, in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC, as well as in the section of this Quarterly
Report entitled  Risk Factors  and elsewhere herein. We do not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements
or to announce the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements except as required by law.  

We urge you to
read this entire Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the  Risk Factors  section, the financial statements, and
related notes. As used in this Quarterly Report, unless the context otherwise requires, the words  we,   us, 
 our,   the Company,   Neuralstem  and  Registrant  refers to Neuralstem, Inc.
and its subsidiaries. Also, any reference to  common shares,   common stock,  or  shares  refers
to our $.01 par value common stock. The information contained herein is current as of the date of this Quarterly Report (September
30, 2016), unless another date is specified. We prepare our interim financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our financials
and results of operations for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of our
prospective financial condition and results of operations for the pending full fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. The interim
financial statements presented in this Quarterly Report as well as other information relating to our Company contained in this
Quarterly Report should be read in conjunction and together with the reports, statements and information filed by us with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC. 

Our Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations or MD A, is provided in addition to the accompanying
financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Our MD A is organized as follows: 

Executive Overview    Discussion
of our business and overall analysis of financial and other highlights affecting the Company in order to provide context for the
remainder of MD A.     

Trends   Outlook    Discussion
of what we view as the overall trends affecting our business and overall strategy.    

Critical Accounting Policies  
Accounting policies that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial
results and forecasts.     

Results of Operations   Analysis
of our financial results comparing the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 to the comparable period of
2015.     

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
An analysis of cash flows and discussion of our financial condition and future liquidity needs.    

Executive
Overview   

We are focused on the research, development
and commercialization of central nervous system therapies based on our proprietary human neural stem cells and small molecule compounds
discovered from our stem cell-based screening platform. We are headquartered in Germantown, Maryland and have a wholly-owned subsidiary
in China, Suzhou Neuralstem Biopharmaceutical Co. Ltd ( Neuralstem China ). 

Our technology base has produced three
primary assets: Our NSI-189 small molecule program, our NSI-566 stem cell therapy program and our novel and proprietary new chemical
entity screening platform. We have two product candidates in clinical development in a total of four indications. 

In the cell therapy program, our patented
technology enables the commercial-scale production of multiple types of central nervous system stem cells, which are under development
for the potential treatment of various central nervous system diseases and conditions. Our lead product is the spinal cord-derived
neural stem cell line, NSI-566, which is being tested for treatment of paralysis due to ALS, spinal cord injury and stroke. In
addition, our ability to generate human neural stem cell lines provides a platform for screening and discovery of novel CNS-targeted
compounds. This proprietary screening platform led to the discovery of our lead molecule, NSI-189, which is being tested for treatment
of major depressive disorder. 

We have developed and maintain what we
believe is a strong portfolio of patents and patent applications that form the proprietary base for our research and development
efforts. We own or exclusively license over 20 U.S. issued and pending patents and over 120 foreign issued and pending patents
in the field of regenerative medicine, related to our stem cell technologies as well as our small molecule compounds. 

We believe our technology base, in combination
with our expertise, and collaborative projects with major research institutions, could facilitate the development and commercialization
of products for use in the treatment of a wide array of central nervous system disorders including neurodegenerative and psychiatric
conditions. 

There can be no assurances that we will
ultimately produce any viable products or processes or that our screening platform will lead to the discovery of any additional
product candidates. Even if we are able to produce a commercially viable product, there are strong competitors in this field and
our products may not be able to successfully compete against them. 

All of our research efforts to date are
at the pre-clinical or clinical stage of development. We are focused on leveraging our key assets, including our intellectual property,
proprietary know-how, scientific team and facilities, to advance our technologies and clinical programs. In addition, we are pursuing
strategic collaborations with members of academia and industry to further advance and discover additional product candidates. 

Recent Clinical   Business Highlights   

In May 2016, we enrolled the first subject
in our NSI-189 Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD).    

In June 2016, we announced new NSI-189
preclinical data showing enhancement of mouse long term potentiation (LTP), an in vitro biomarker of memory by NSI-189 in a concentration-dependent
and time-dependent manner. We believe that this study not only suggests the cognition enhancing potential of NSI-189, but also
contributes toward the understanding of its mechanism of action.     

In September 2016, we entered into a
                                                                                                             definitive agreement with Tianjin Pharmaceutical Holdings Co.,  Ltd. for a private placement of common stock and convertible
                                                                                                             preferred stock for gross proceeds of $20 million. This agreement is expected to close in the fourth quarter of
                                                                                                             2016.    

In September 2016, we achieved 50% enrollment
in our Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating NSI-189 for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD).    

In September 2016, we presented preclinical
data which showed that NSI-189 was effective in the prevention and reversal of diabetic neuropathies in Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic
mouse models.    

In October 2016, we presented preclinical
data which showed NSI-189 s ability to ameliorate radiation-induced cognitive impairment and to protect hippocampal neurogenesis
in a mouse model of brain injury due to radiation therapy of brain cancers.    

Clinical Development Program Review  

We have devoted substantially all of our
efforts to the pre-clinical and clinical development of our small molecule compounds and our stem cell therapeutics. Below is a
description of our most advanced clinical programs, their intended indications, current stages of development and our expected
future development plans: 

Clinical Pipeline:  

Pipeline Summary   

NSI-189 Phase 2 randomized, placebo-controlled,
double-blind clinical trial for the treatment of MDD 

In May 2016, we enrolled the first subject
in our NSI-189 Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of MDD. The Phase 2 trial will randomize 220 patients, in three cohorts
(two active doses plus placebo), at 12 select trial sites, under the direction of study principal investigator (PI) Maurizio Fava,
MD, Executive Vice Chair, Department of Psychiatry and Executive Director, Clinical Trials Network and Institute, Massachusetts
General Hospital. In September 2016, we announced that we had achieved 50% enrollment in the study. We expect to release the results
of this study in the second half of 2017.    

NSI-566 Phase 1 and 2 safety trials for
the treatment of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) 

In September 2015, the Phase 2 interim
data and the Phase 1 and Phase 2 combined interim data were presented at the American Neurological Association Annual Meeting by
the principal investigator, Eva Feldman, MD, PhD, Director of the A. Alfred Taubman Medical Research Institute and Director of
Research of the ALS Clinic at the University of Michigan Health. The data showed that the intraspinal transplantation of the cells
was safe and well tolerated. Subjects from both the Phase 1 and Phase 2 continue to be monitored for long-term follow-up evaluations.    

NSI-566 Phase 1 safety trial for the treatment
of chronic Spinal Cord Injury (cSCI) 

In January 2016, we reported on the interim
status of the Phase 1 safety data on all four subjects with thoracic spinal cord injuries; the stem cell treatment demonstrated
feasibility and safety. A self-reported ability to contract some muscles below the level of injury was confirmed via clinical and
electrophysiological follow-up examinations in one of the four subjects treated. All subjects will be followed for five years.
This study is being conducted with support from the University of California, San Diego (UCSD) School of Medicine.    

NSI-566 Phase 1 safety trial for the treatment
of motor deficits in stroke 

In March, 2016, we completed
dosing the third planned cohort, for a total of nine subjects, in a Phase 1 clinical trial evaluating safety at BaYi Brain Hospital
in Beijing. Subjects are currently being monitored through their 24 month observational follow-up period.  
 The trial is being conducted by Suzhou Neuralstem, a wholly owned subsidiary of Neuralstem in China.

Pre-Clinical Development Pipeline  

We conduct investigational and discovery research on our proprietary
neural stem cell lines, neurogenic small molecule screening platform, and neurogenic small molecule portfolio. We believe each
of our three proprietary technologies are best in class. Our technologies enable us to identify unique neural stem cell lines for
potential transplantation therapies and to utilize these stem cell lines to screen for novel new small molecule drugs. NSI-189
is a result of this screening technology, which we believe will be a significant treatment option for patients with depression
or cognitive impairment. 

Our preclinical research on NSI-189 is focused on elucidating
its mechanism of action and investigating its potential utility as a broad neuroregenerative drug that promotes self-repair of
various types of central and peripheral nerve degeneration. Recent preclinical data support this perspective on NSI-189 beyond
the current indication of MDD. Supportive data include the finding that treatment of mouse brain slices with NSI-189 can cause
within a few hours a dose-dependent enhancement of the magnitude of long term potentiation, a measure of synaptic plasticity and
an in vitro biomarker of memory. Additionally, NSI-189 treatment of brain slices from mice with Angelman Syndrome-like genetic
defect (which in humans leads to inherited mental retardation) restored LTP to normal levels. NSI-189 treatment of rats irradiated
to induce brain injury that leads to cognitive impairment protected the brain to normal levels. These results suggest that the
potential application of NSI-189 to treat diseases with cognitive impairment could be successful. Furthermore, NSI-189 was effective
in the prevention and reversal of peripheral neuropathies due to diabetes in Type 1 or Type 2 diabetic mouse models, which suggest
NSI-189 s broad applicability toward treating both central and peripheral neuropathies arising from diverse etiologies. We
believe that these data support our future outlook for NSI-189 beyond the ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of MDD
and beyond even the potential treatment benefit of residual cognitive impairment in depressed patients. 

Our Technologies  

Stem Cells   

Our technology
enables the isolation and large-scale expansion of regionally specific, human neural stem cells from all areas of the developing
human brain and spinal cord, thus enabling the generation of physiologically relevant human neurons of all types. We believe that
our stem cell technology will assist the body in producing new cells to replace malfunctioning or dead cells as a way to treat
disease and injury. Many significant and currently untreatable human diseases arise from the loss or malfunction of specific cell
types in the body. Our focus is the development of effective methods to protect such cell types and in certain cases to generate
replacement cells from neural stem cells. We believe that protecting the healthy cells or replacing damaged, malfunctioning or
dead neural cells with fully functional ones may be a useful therapeutic strategy in treating many diseases and conditions of the
central nervous system. We own or exclusively license over 10 U.S. issued and pending patents and over 70 foreign issued and pending
patents related to our stem cell and related medical device technologies. 

Small Molecule Compounds       

The inhibition
of adult hippocampal neurogenesis has been implicated in a number of diseases that affect cognition and/or emotion such as major
depressive disorder. Utilizing our proprietary stem cell-based screening capability, we have developed and patented a series of
small molecule compounds that stimulated neurogenesis in vitro. As part of our research, we focused on small molecule compounds
that could enhance the baseline level of neurogenesis in normal healthy young mice in vivo.  

Subsequent
research indicated that some of the small molecule compounds could stimulate the neurogenesis of hippocampus as well as increase
its volume. We believed that a compound that stimulates in vitro neurogenesis, enhances in vivo neurogenesis, increases hippocampal
volume, and exerts anti-depressive effects on animals could be well-suited for treating major depressive disorder.   During
our preclinical research, we identified NSI-189 as the lead candidate that could stimulate all four activities. Pre-clinical testing
of this compound at multiple doses showed antidepressant activity at 10, 30, and 100mg/kg doses with rapid bioavailability in the
brain. Histology analysis of the mouse brains suggested a bell-shaped dose-response curve, 10mg/kg and 30mg/kg being optimal for
pharmacologically active concentrations and with higher doses not necessarily yielding larger biological effects. Our collaborators
at Massachusetts General Hospital have presented the human data from the Phase 1b MDD safety study which showed large effect size
of clinical improvement in depressive and cognitive scales. This result was unexpected given the small size of the trial and may
be indicative of the drug s promise as a therapeutic agent. We believe that NSI-189 stimulates neurogenesis and synaptogenesis
in the human hippocampus.  

Our portfolio of small molecule compounds
which includes NSI-189 are covered by 10 U.S. exclusively owned issued and pending patents and over 60 exclusively owned foreign
issued and pending patents related to our small molecule compounds. 

Targeted Indications  

Major Depressive Disorder (MDD)  

NSI-189 is being developed for the treatment
of major depressive disorder and other psychiatric and/or cognitive impairment indications associated with hippocampal atrophy.
NSI-189 is the lead compound in our neurogenic small molecule drug platform. We believe that NSI-189 may provide an effective treatment
for patients suffering from MDD by promoting neurogenesis and an underlying molecular pathway. 

Major depressive disorder, or MDD (also
known as recurrent depressive disorder, clinical depression, major depression, unipolar depression, or unipolar disorder), is a
mental disorder characterized by episodes of all-encompassing low mood accompanied by low self-esteem and loss of interest or pleasure
in normally enjoyable activities. MDD affects approximately 14.8 million American adults, or about 6.7 percent of the U.S. population
age 18 and older in a given year. Additionally, there is a high failure rate with existing therapies. According to the STAR*D * 
study, 51% of subjects fail to respond to first-line therapy, 72% fail second-line therapy and 83% fail third line therapy. This
creates a large unmet medical need and a significant market opportunity for alternative branded molecules such as NSI-189 for use
as mono- or adjunct therapies that may replace or enhance current marketed therapies. 

*  Sequenced Treatment Alternatives
to Relieve Depression (STAR*D) trial (Am J Psychiatry 2006; 163:1905 1917) 

Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS)  

Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS,
is a disease of the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord that control voluntary muscle movement. ALS is an orphan condition
in the U.S. and EU and approximately 6,400 people in the U.S. are diagnosed with the condition each year. The incidence of ALS
is two per 100,000 people, and it is estimated that more than 20,000 Americans may be living with ALS at any given time. In ALS,
nerve cells (neurons) waste away or die, and can no longer send messages to muscles. This eventually leads to muscle weakening,
twitching, and an inability to move the arms, legs, and body. The condition slowly gets worse. When the muscles in the chest area
stop working, it becomes hard or impossible to breathe. NSI-566 is under development as a potential treatment for ALS by providing
cells designed to nurture and protect the patients  remaining motor neurons; and possibly repair some motor neurons which
have not yet died but which are diseased. Neuralstem received orphan designation by the FDA for NSI-566 in ALS. 

Chronic Spinal Cord Injury  

A spinal cord injury, or SCI, generally
refers to any injury to the spinal cord that is caused by trauma instead of disease although in some cases, it can be the result
of diseases. It is estimated that there are 12,500 new cases of SCI per year and that at any given time, there are between 240,000
and 337,000 people in the United States that are living with SCI. Chronic spinal cord injury generally refers to the phase beginning
6 months after the initial injury. SCIs are most often traumatic, caused by lateral bending, dislocation, rotation, axial loading,
and hyperflexion or hyperextension of the cord or cauda equina. Motor vehicle accidents are the most common cause of SCIs, while
other causes include falls, work-related accidents, sports injuries, and penetrations such as stab or gunshot wounds. In certain
instances, SCIs can also be of a non-traumatic origin, as in the case of cancer, infection, intervertebral disc disease, vertebral
injury and spinal cord vascular disease. We believe that NSI-566 may provide an effective treatment for chronic spinal cord injury
by  bridging the gap  in the spinal cord circuitry created in traumatic spinal cord injury and providing new cells
to help transmit the signal from the brain to points at or below the point of injury. 

Ischemic Stroke  

Ischemic strokes, the most common type
of stroke, occur as a result of an obstruction within a blood vessel supplying blood to the brain. Approximately 15 million people
worldwide suffer stroke of which it is estimated that 87% of all strokes are ischemic strokes. Post-stroke motor deficits include
paralysis in arms and legs and can be permanent. We believe that NSI-566 may provide an effective treatment for restoring motor
deficits resulting from ischemic stroke by both creating new circuitry in the area of injury and through repairing and or nurturing
diseased cells to improve function in patients. 

Intellectual Property  

Our research and development is supported
by our intellectual property. We own or exclusively license over 20 U.S. issued and pending patents and over 120 foreign issued
and pending patents in the field of regenerative medicine, related to our stem cell technologies as well as our small molecule
compounds. Our issued patents have expiration dates ranging from 2016 through 2034, based on appropriate Patent Expansions. In
our opinion the patents expiring in 2016 and in the near term are not critical to our business. 

Operating Strategy  

We generally employ
an outsourcing strategy where we outsource our Good Laboratory Practices, or GLP, preclinical development activities and Good Manufacturing
Practices, or GMP, Good Tissue Practices, or GTP, if applicable, and clinical development activities to contract research organizations
or CROs and contract manufacturing organizations or CMOs as well as all non-critical corporate functions. Manufacturing is also
outsourced to organizations with approved facilities and manufacturing practices. This outsource model allows us to better manage
cash on hand and minimize non-vital expenditures. It also allows for us to operate with relatively fewer employees and lower fixed
costs than that required by other companies conducting similar business. 

Employees  

As of September 30, 2016, we had 11 full-time
employees. Of these full-time employees, 7 work on research and development and clinical operations and 4 work in administration.
We also use the services of numerous outside consultants in business and scientific matters. 

Our Corporate Information  

We were incorporated in Delaware in 2001.
Our principal executive offices are located at 20271 Goldenrod Lane, Germantown, Maryland 20876,   and our telephone number
is (301) 366-4841. Our website is located at www.neuralstem.com. 

We have not incorporated by reference into
this report the information in, or that can be accessed through, our website or social media channels, and you should not consider
it to be a part of this report. 

Trends
  Outlook   

    Revenue    

We
generated no revenues from the sale of our proposed therapies for any of the periods presented. We are mainly focused on successfully
managing our current clinical trials related to our small molecule compounds and seeking potential partnerships for our stem cell
product candidates. We are also pursuing pre-clinical studies on other central nervous system indications in preparation for potential
future clinical trials.   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized approximately $8,000 of revenue in each period related to ongoing
fees pursuant to certain licenses of our intellectual property to third parties.   

On
a long-term basis, we anticipate that our revenue will be derived primarily from licensing fees and sales of our small molecule
compounds and licensing fees and royalties from our cell based therapies. Because we are at such an early stage in the clinical
trials process, we are not yet able to accurately predict when we will have a product ready for commercialization, if ever.   

Research
and Development Expenses    

Our
research and development expenses consist primarily of clinical trial expenses, including payments to clinical trial sites that
perform our clinical trials and clinical research organizations (CROs) that help us manage our clinical trials; manufacturing of
small molecule drugs and stem cells for both human clinical trials and for pre-clinical studies and research; personnel costs for
research and clinical personnel; and other costs including research supplies and facilities.  

We
focus on the development of treatment candidates with potential uses in multiple indications, and use employee and infrastructure
resources across several projects. Accordingly, many of our costs are not attributable to a specifically identified product and
we do not account for internal research and development costs on a project-by-project basis.  

We
expect that research and development expenses, which include expenses related to our ongoing clinical trials, will increase in
the future, as funding allows and we proceed with our Phase 2 trial in major depressive disorder.   

We
have formed a wholly owned subsidiary in the People s Republic of China. We anticipate that this subsidiary will primarily:
(i) conduct pre-clinical research with regard to proposed stem cells therapies, and (ii) oversee our approved future clinical trials
in China, including the current trial to treat motor deficits due to ischemic stroke.   

General
and Administrative Expenses    

General
and administrative expenses are primarily comprised of salaries, benefits and other costs associated with our operations including,
finance, human resources, information technology, public relations and costs associated with maintaining a public company listing,
legal, audit and compliance fees, facilities and other external general and administrative services.    

Critical Accounting
Policies   

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
Note 2 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere herein describes the significant accounting
policies used in the preparation of the financial statements. Certain of these significant accounting policies are considered to
be critical accounting policies, as defined below.  

A
critical accounting policy is defined as one that is both material to the presentation of our financial statements and requires
management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments that could have a material effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. Specifically, critical accounting estimates have the following attributes: (1) we are required to make assumptions
about matters that are highly uncertain at the time of the estimate; and (2) different estimates we could reasonably have used,
or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur, would have a material effect on our financial condition or results
of operations.  

Estimates
and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may
change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment changes. These changes have
historically been minor and have been included in the financial statements as soon as they became known. Based on a critical assessment
of our accounting policies and the underlying judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies, management
believes that our financial statements are fairly stated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and present a meaningful presentation of
our financial condition and results of operations. We believe the following critical accounting policies reflect our more significant
estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:  

Use
of Estimates   - Our financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP require us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Specifically, we have estimated the expected economic life and value of our
patent technology, our net operating loss carryforward and related valuation allowance for tax purposes and our stock -based compensation
expenses related to employees, directors, consultants and investment banks. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Long
Lived Intangible Assets -   Our long lived intangible assets consist of our intellectual property patents including primarily
legal fees associated with the filings and in defense of our patents. The assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the
expected useful life which we define as ending on the expiration of the patent group. These assets are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. We assess this
recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows to be generated by
the asset. If an asset is deemed to be impaired, we estimate the impairment loss by determining the excess of the asset s
carrying amount over the estimated fair value. These determinations use assumptions that are highly subjective and include a high
degree of uncertainty. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no significant impairment losses were recognized.  

   Fair Value Measurements -  
The carrying amounts of our short-term financial instruments, which primarily include cash and cash equivalents, other short-term
investments, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. The fair value
of our long-term indebtedness is estimated based on the quoted prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates offered
to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. The fair values of our derivative instruments are estimated using Level
3 unobservable inputs. 

Share-Based
Compensation   -  We account for share-based compensation at fair value; accordingly we expense the estimated fair
value of share-based awards over the requisite service period. Share-based compensation cost for stock options and warrants issued
to employees and board members is determined at the grant date while awards granted to non-employee consultants are generally valued
at the vesting date using an option pricing model. Option pricing models require us to make assumptions, including expected volatility
and expected term of the options. If any of the assumptions we use in the model were to significantly change, stock based compensation
expense may be materially different. Share-based compensation cost for restricted stock and restricted stock units issued to employees
and board members is determined at the grant date based on the closing price of our common stock on that date. The value of the
award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS   

Comparison
of Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Revenue

During
each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized approximately $2,500 of revenue related to ongoing fees
pursuant to certain licenses of our intellectual property to third parties.   

Operating
Expenses    

  Operating
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

Research
and Development Expenses   

  The
increase of approximately $198,000 or 6% in research and development expenses for the period ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the comparable period of 2015 was primarily attributable to increased spending on clinical trials associated with our on-going
Phase 2 MDD study, partially offset by salary and benefits saving associated with our reduction-in-force in May and reduced manufacturing
expenses  

General
and Administrative Expenses   

  The
decrease of approximately $478,000 or 26% in general and administrative expenses for the period ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the comparable period of 2015 was primarily due to a reduction in salaries, benefits and consulting expenses as a result of
our May 2016 reduction-in-force.  

Other
expense    

  Other expense,
net totaled approximately $303,000 and $440,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Other
expense, net in 2016 consisted of approximately $538,000 of losses related to the fair value adjustment of our derivative instruments
and $240,000 of interest expense primarily related to our long-term debt, partially offset by a gain of approximately $459,000
related to our entering into a reimbursement agreement with a former executive officer.  

Other
expenses, net in 2015 consisted primarily of approximately $464,000 of interest expense principally related to our long-term debt
partially offset by approximately $24,000 in interest income.  

Comparison
of Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Revenue

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized approximately $7,500 and $7,900 of revenue, respectively, related
to ongoing fees pursuant to certain licenses of our intellectual property to third parties.   

Operating
Expenses    

  Operating
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

Research
and Development Expenses   

  The
decrease of approximately $758,000 or 8% in research and development expenses for the period ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the comparable period of 2015 was primarily attributable to a decrease in manufacturing costs associated with producing clinical
supplies of NSI-189 partially offset by an increase pre-clinical and clinical trial expenses related to the initiation of our Phase
2 MDD study.   

General
and Administrative Expenses   

  The
increase of approximately $937,000 or 19% in general and administrative expenses for the period ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the comparable period of 2015 was primarily due to a severance accrual and increased non-cash stock based compensation resulting
from the accelerated vesting of options, both related to the resignation of our former Chief Executive Officer coupled with non-cash
stock based compensation expense resulting from grants to our new Chief Executive Officer which were partially offset by a decrease
in our employee bonus expense.  

Research
and development and general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 include approximately $312,000
and $158,000, respectively related to our May 2016 cost-reduction effort. The total $470,000 of expense is comprised of approximately
 $413,000 for severance and other employee payments, and $57,000 of non-cash costs for modification of employee stock options. 

Other
expense    

  Other expenses,
net totaled approximately $694,000 and $1,334,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Other
expense, net in 2016 consisted of approximately $949,000 of interest expense primarily related to our long-term debt and $464,000
of fees related to the issuance of our derivative instruments, partially offset by a gain of approximately $459,000 related to
our entering into a reimbursement agreement with a former executive officer of the Company and $219,000 of gain related to the
change in the fair value adjustment of our derivative instruments.  

Other
expenses, net in 2015 consisted primarily of approximately $1,377,000 of interest expense principally related to our long-term
debt partially offset by approximately $54,000 in interest income.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Financial Condition	  

 Our Cash and Cash Equivalent balances were
approximately $5.7 million as of September 30, 2016. We believe these funds are only sufficient to fund operations through December
2016. 

We will require additional capital to continue
to develop our pre-clinical and clinical development operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure additional
financing or that the expected income will materialize. Several factors will affect our ability to raise additional funding, including,
but not limited to market conditions, interest rates and, more specifically, our progress in our exploratory, preclinical and future
clinical development programs. 

Since our inception,
we have financed our operations through the sales of our securities, issuance of long term debt, the exercise of investor warrants,
and to a lesser degree from grants and research contracts. 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities    

  We
used approximately $11,536,000 and $15,032,000 of cash in our operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively.   The decrease in our use of cash in operating activities of approximately $3,497,000 was primarily
due to reduction in cash used in our daily operations and a reduction in cash invested in working capital.   

Net
Cash Provided by Investing Activities    

  For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively, we received approximately $7,389,000 and $9,800,000 of cash primarily
in connection with the liquidation of our CDAR investments as they matured in order to fund operations.   

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities    

  We
received approximately $5,105,000 and $5,846,000 from financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Net proceeds from our two financings in May 2016 of approximately $8,154,000 were partially offset by loan principal
repayments of approximately $3,382,000. For the corresponding period in 2015, net cash provided in financing activities related
substantially to proceeds from equity transactions.  

Future
Liquidity and Needs	    

  We
have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows since inception. We have not achieved profitability and may
not be able to realize sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. We do not expect to be profitable
in the next several years, but rather expect to incur additional operating losses. We have limited liquidity and capital resources
and must obtain significant additional capital resources in order to sustain our product development efforts, for acquisition of
technologies and intellectual property rights, for preclinical and clinical testing of our anticipated products, pursuit of regulatory
approvals, acquisition of capital equipment, laboratory and office facilities, establishment of production capabilities, for general
and administrative expenses and other working capital requirements. We rely on cash balances and the proceeds from the offering
of our securities, exercise of outstanding warrants and grants to fund our operations.  

We
intend to pursue opportunities to obtain additional financing in the future through the sale of our securities and additional research
grants. We currently have two shelf registration statements that are effective. On September 13, 2013, our shelf registration statement
(Registration No. 333-190936) registering the sale of up to $50 million of our securities was declared effective by the SEC. To
date, through September 30, 2016 we have sold or reserved for sale upon the exercise of outstanding warrants approximately $48.2
million of securities under this shelf registration statement. On June 19, 2014, our shelf registration statement (Registration
No. 333-196567) registering the sale of up to $100 million of our securities was declared effective by the SEC. To date, through
September 30, 2016 we have sold or reserved for sale upon exercise of outstanding warrants approximately $16.0 million of securities
under this shelf registration statement.  

On
September 7, 2016, we entered into a definitive securities purchase agreement with Tianjin Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd.
for the private placement of $20,000,000 of our securities. The offering is expected to close during the fourth quarter of
2016 in accordance with the regulations of money transfers of the People s Republic of China. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, there can be no assurance that the transaction will close during such period.  

We
anticipate conducting financing in the future based on our shelf registration statement when and if financing opportunities arise.

The
source, timing and availability of any future financing will depend principally upon market conditions, interest rates and, more
specifically, our progress in our exploratory, preclinical and future clinical development programs. Funding may not be available
when needed, at all, or on terms acceptable to us. Lack of necessary funds may require us, among other things, to delay, scale
back or eliminate some or all of our research and product development programs, planned clinical trials, and/or our capital expenditures
or to license our potential products or technologies to third parties.  

ITEM
3.	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Financial instruments
that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents which are held at highly rated
United States financial institutions and at times maintain the balances of our deposits in excess of federally insured limits.
We invest our cash in instruments with short-term maturities with the objective of preserving capital. Because of the short-term
maturities, we do not believe that a one-half percentage point increase or decrease in interest rates would have had a material
effect on our interest income. 

We are subject
to interest rate risk for our long-term debt which contains a floating interest rate based on Wall Street Journal published prime
rate. For the full year ended December 31, 2016 a one percentage point increase in the prime rate would increase our interest expense
by approximately $61,000. 

Our foreign operations
in China subject us to changes in foreign exchange rates. Changes in exchange rates for the year ended December 31, 2016 are not
expected to have a material effect as the operations are expected to be limited. Future changes to foreign exchange rates could
have a material effect on us as our clinical trial activity increases.    

ITEM
4.	CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Based on an evaluation under the supervision
and with the participation of the Company s management, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial
officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act were effective as of September 30, 2016, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including
its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting    

Management has identified the following
changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred
during the second quarter of 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

In conjunction with the cost-reduction
plan discussed in Footnote 7, we have outsourced the majority of our accounting and finance functions to external third party consultants.
These outside consultants work under the supervision of and will be supported by our Chief Financial Officer. 

Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls   

The Company s internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ).
The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i)          pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
Company s assets; 

(ii)         provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s
management and directors; and 

(iii)        provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management, including the Company s
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that the Company s internal controls will prevent
or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the
fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods
are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

PART
II   

   OTHER
INFORMATION   

ITEM
1.	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

We are parties to legal proceedings that
we believe to be ordinary, routine litigation incidental to the business of present or former operations. It is management s
opinion, based on the advice of counsel, that the ultimate resolution of such litigation will not have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM
1A.	RISK FACTORS    

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. We have described below a number of uncertainties and risks which, in addition
to uncertainties and risks presented elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, may adversely affect our business, operating results and
financial condition.  The uncertainties and risks enumerated below as well as those presented elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report , and those included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015, filed with the SEC  should be considered carefully in evaluating our company and our business and the value of
our securities.   

Risks Relating to Our Stage of Development and Capital Structure  

We may not be able to continue as
a going concern if we do not obtain additional financing by December, 2016.   

The Company has incurred losses since its
inception and has not demonstrated an ability to generate revenues from sales or services.  These factors create substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our cash and cash equivalents
balance at September 30, 2016 was approximately $5.7 million. Based on our current expected level of operating expenditures,
we expect these funds to be only sufficient to fund our operations through December 31, 2016.  On
September 7, 2016, we entered into a definitive securities purchase agreement with Tianjin Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd.
 for the private placement of $20,000,000 of our securities. The offering is expected to close during the fourth quarter
of 2016 in accordance with the regulations of money transfers of the People s Republic of China. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, there can be no assurance that the transaction will close during such period or at all.  Our ability
to continue as a going concern is wholly dependent upon obtaining sufficient financing to fund our operations. 

Despite our ability to secure capital in
the past, there is no assurance that additional equity or debt financing will be available to us when needed. In the event that
we are not able to secure financing, we may be forced to curtail operations, delay or stop ongoing clinical trials, cease operations
altogether or file for bankruptcy. 

Our auditors have expressed substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.   

Our auditors  report on our December
31, 2015 financial statements expressed an opinion that our capital resources as of the date of their Audit Report were not sufficient
to sustain operations or complete our planned activities for the upcoming year unless we raised additional funds. Accordingly,
our current cash level raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not obtain additional
funds by such time, we may no longer be able to continue as a going concern and will cease operation which means that our shareholders
may lose their entire investment. 

We have a history of losses.   

Since inception
in 1996 and through September 30, 2016, we have accumulated losses totaling approximately $ 187,637,000 .
On September 30, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of approximately $1,165,000 and stockholders  deficit of approximately
 $3,785,000 . Our net losses for the two most recent fiscal years have been approximately
$20,904,000 and $22,629,000, for 2015 and 2014, respectively, while our loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately
$15,679,000. We have generated no significant revenue from the sales of our proposed products. 

Our ability to
generate revenues and achieve profitability will depend upon our ability to complete the development of our proposed products,
obtain the required regulatory approvals, manufacture and market and sell our proposed products. To date, we have not generated
any revenue from the commercial sale of our proposed products. No assurances can be given as to exactly when, if at all, we will
be able to fully develop, commercialize, market, sell and/or derive any, let alone material, revenues from our proposed products. 

We will need to raise additional
capital to continue operations.   

Since our
inception, we have funded our operations through the sale of our securities, credit facilities, the exercise of options and
warrants, and to a lesser degree, from grants and research contracts and other revenue generating activities such as
licensing. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand of approximately $5.7
million.  On September 7, 2016, we entered into a definitive securities purchase
agreement with Tianjin Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd. for the private placement of $20,000,000 of our securities. The
offering is expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2016 in accordance with the regulations of money transfers of the
People s Republic of China. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that the transaction will close
during such period or at all.  We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure additional capital through financing
transactions, including issuance of debt, licensing agreements or grants. Our inability to license our intellectual property,
obtain grants or secure additional financing will materially impact our ability to fund our current and planned
operations. 

We have spent
and expect to continue spending substantial cash in the research, development, clinical and pre-clinical testing of our proposed
products with the goal of ultimately obtaining FDA approval and equivalent international approvals to market such products. We
will require additional capital to conduct research and development, establish and conduct clinical and pre-clinical trials, enter
into commercial-scale manufacturing arrangements and to provide for marketing and distribution of our products. We cannot assure
you that financing will be available if needed. If additional financing is not available, we may not be able to fund our operations,
develop or enhance our technologies, take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive market pressures. If we
exhaust our cash reserves and are unable to secure adequate additional financing, we may be unable to meet operating obligations
which could result in us initiating bankruptcy proceedings or delaying, or eliminating some or all of our research and product
development programs.  

We will need to raise additional
capital to pay our indebtedness as it comes due.   

We have a substantial
level of debt. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $4,953,000 in aggregate principal amount long-term indebtedness outstanding.
Under our amended loan and security agreement, we were required to make monthly interest only payments through September 2015;
and are required to make monthly interest and principal payments of approximately $435,000 per month from January 2016 through
March 2017 and make a balloon payment for the remaining principal in April 2017. As security for such indebtedness, we have pledged
substantially all of our assets, including our intellectual property. If we are unable to make the required payments, or if we
fail to comply with the various requirements and covenants of our indebtedness, we would be in default, which would permit the
holders of our indebtedness to accelerate the maturity and require immediate repayment and lead to potential foreclosure on the
assets securing the debt. Any default under our indebtedness would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results
and financial condition. Additionally, our amended loan and security agreement governing this loan also contains a number of affirmative
and restrictive covenants, including reporting requirements and other collateral limitations, certain limitations on liens and
indebtedness, dispositions, mergers and acquisitions, restricted payments and investments, corporate changes and limitations on
waivers and amendments to certain agreements, our organizational documents, and documents relating to debt that is subordinate
to our obligations under the credit facility. Our failure to comply with the covenants in the amended loan and security agreement
could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all or a substantial portion
of our debt and potential foreclosure on the assets securing the debt. If we are unable to refinance or repay our indebtedness
as it becomes due, including upon an event of default, we may become insolvent and be unable to continue operations. 

If we are
unable to submit and gain approval for a compliance plan with the Nasdaq Capital Market, our securities will be delisting.    

On
October 18, 2016, we received notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the  Staff ) of The NASDAQ Stock Market
LLC ( Nasdaq ) indicating that the Staff had determined to delist the Company s securities from The Nasdaq Capital
Market due to the Company s continued non-compliance with the $1.00 bid price requirement unless the Company timely requested
a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the  Panel ). The Company has requested a hearing before the Panel, which
request will stay any delisting action by the Staff until such hearing is held.  At the hearing, the Company will present
its plan to regain compliance with all applicable requirements for continued listing on Nasdaq. 

The Company is diligently working on the
plan it will present at the hearing; however, there can be no assurance that the Panel will determine to continue listing the Company s
common stock on Nasdaq or that the Company will be able to evidence compliance with the applicable listing criteria within the
period of time that may be granted by the Panel. 

Should
Nasdaq reject the Company s plan, the Company faces delisting of its shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If delisted, our
shares would likely trade on the OTCQB market ( Pink Sheets ). Being delisted from the Nasdaq will likely result in
difficulties in future-fund raising efforts and is likely to affect the Company s operations and research efforts going forward.
 If our common stock is delisted, this would, among other things, substantially impair our ability to raise additional funds
and could result in a loss of institutional investor interest and fewer development opportunities for us. 

Additionally,
even if our plan is approved, we cannot be sure we will meet the requirements for continued listing of our shares on the Nasdaq
Capital Market in the future or that we will comply with the other continued listing requirements. 

Risks Relating to Our Business  

Our business
is dependent on the successful development of our product candidates and our ability to raise additional capital.   

Our business is
significantly dependent on our product candidates which are currently at different phases of pre-clinical and clinical development.
The process to approve our product candidates is time-consuming, involves substantial expenditures of resources, and depends upon
a number of factors, including the availability of alternative treatments, and the risks and benefits demonstrated in our clinical
trials. Our success will depend on our ability to achieve scientific and technological advances and to translate such advances
into FDA-approvable, commercially competitive products on a timely basis. Failure can occur at any stage of the process. If we
are not successful in developing our product candidates, we will have invested substantial amounts of time and money without developing
revenue-producing products. As we enter a more extensive clinical program for our product candidates, the data generated in these
studies may not be as compelling as the earlier results. This, in turn, could adversely impact our ability to raise additional
capital and pursue our business plan and planned research and development efforts. 

Our proposed products
are not likely to be commercially available for at least several years, if at all. Our development schedules for our proposed products
may be affected by a variety of factors, including technological difficulties, clinical trial failures, regulatory hurdles, competitive
products, intellectual property challenges and/or changes in governmental regulation, many of which will not be within our control.
Any delay in the development, introduction or marketing of our product candidates could result either in such products being marketed
at a time when their cost and performance characteristics would not be competitive in the marketplace or in the shortening of their
commercial lives. In light of the long-term nature of our projects, the unproven technology involved and the other factors described
elsewhere in this section, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete the development or marketing
of any of our proposed product candidates. 

Our business
relies on technologies that we may not be able to commercially develop and we are unable to predict when or if we will be able
to earn revenues.   

We have allocated
the majority of our resources to the development of our stem cell and small molecule technologies. Our ability to generate revenue
and operate profitably will depend on being able to develop these technologies for human applications. These are emerging technologies
that may have limited human application. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to develop our technologies or that if developed,
our technologies will result in commercially viable products or have any commercial utility or value. We anticipate that the commercial
sale of our proposed products and/or royalty/licensing fees related to our technologies, will be our primary sources of revenue.
We recognized revenue of approximately $10,000 and $19,000 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and $7,500
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, related to the licensing of certain intellectual property to third parties and certain
subcontractor services that we provided. If we are unable to develop our technologies, we may never realize any significant revenue.
Additionally, given the uncertainty of our technologies, product candidates and the need for government regulatory approval, we
cannot predict when, or if ever, we will be able to realize revenues related to our products. As a result, we will be primarily
dependent on our ability to raise capital through the sale of our securities for the foreseeable future. 

Our product
development programs are based on novel technologies in an emerging field and are inherently risky.   

We are subject to the risks inherent in
the development of products based on new technologies. The novel nature of therapies in the field of regenerative medicine creates
significant challenges in regard to product development and optimization, manufacturing, government regulation, third party reimbursement,
and market acceptance. For example, the pathway to regulatory approval for cell-based therapies, including our stem cell based
product candidates, may be more complex and lengthy than the pathway for conventional drugs. These challenges may prevent us from
developing and commercializing products on a timely or profitable basis or at all. Regenerative medicine is still an emerging field.
There can be no assurances that we will ultimately produce any viable commercialized products and processes. Even if we are able
to produce a commercially viable product, there may be strong competitors in this field and our products may not be able to successfully
compete against them. 

Our stem cell therapy programs rely
on experimental surgical devices and experimental and highly invasive surgical procedures.   

We are subject to the risks inherent in
the use and development of experimental surgical devices and procedures. We have limited experience with medical devices and must
rely on outside consultants and manufacturers to develop and seek any required approvals for the device we use in connection with
our stem cell therapy program. Additionally, the surgical procedures required to administer our stem cell therapy is experimental,
highly invasive and is required to be performed by highly experienced neurosurgeons who have received special training. We cannot
guarantee consistent and safe performance of the device or the surgical procedure. A surgery related adverse event may result in
a clinical hold and may have long-term and damaging effects on our ability to complete development of the stem cell therapy programs,
including the completion of any ongoing or planned clinical trials. Even if one or more of our programs is successful and receives
marketing approval from a regulatory authority, due to the specialized nature of the device and surgical procedure, there may not
be sufficient train surgeons to administer our therapy. 

We are unable
to predict when or if we will be able to earn revenues.   

Given the uncertainty
of our technologies and the need for government regulatory approval, we cannot predict when, or if ever, we will be able to realize
revenues related to our products. 

Our proposed products
are not likely to be commercially available for at least several or more years, if ever. Accordingly, we do not foresee generating
any significant revenue during such time. As a result, we will be primarily dependent on our ability to raise capital through the
sale of our securities to fund our operations for the foreseeable future. 

Our inability
to manufacture and store our stem cells in-house that are used in our products could adversely impact our business.   

We currently outsource
most of the manufacturing of our stem cells and small molecule pharmaceutical compounds to third party contractors and as such
have limited ability to adequately control the manufacturing process and the safe storage thereof. Any manufacturing or storage
irregularity, error, or failure to comply with applicable regulatory procedure would require us to find new third parties to outsource
our manufacturing and storage responsibilities or our business would be impacted. Additionally, as part of our business plan, we
are developing in-house manufacturing capabilities but there can be no assurance that such capabilities will be successfully developed
or if developed, be sufficient to meet our demands. And delays in the development of such in-house manufacturing capabilities could
adversely affect our plans. 

If we are
unable to complete pre-clinical and clinical testing and trials or if clinical trials of our product candidates are prolonged,
delayed, suspended or terminated, our business and results of operations could be materially harmed.   

We are currently
in clinical trials for NSI-566 and NSI-189, two of our proposed products, with regard to multiple indications. Although we have
commenced a number of trials, the ultimate outcome of the trials is uncertain. If we are unable to satisfactorily complete such
trials, or if such trials yield unsatisfactory results, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our
proposed products. No assurances can be given that our clinical trials will be completed or result in successful outcomes. A number
of events, including any of the following, could delay the completion of our planned clinical trials and negatively impact our
ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and to market and sell, a particular product candidate: 

conditions imposed on us by the FDA or any foreign regulatory authority regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials;   

delays in obtaining, or our inability to obtain, required approvals from institutional review boards, or IRBs, or other reviewing entities at clinical sites selected for participation in our clinical trials;   

insufficient supply or deficient quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct our clinical trials;   

delays in obtaining regulatory agency agreement for the conduct of our clinical trials;   

lower than anticipated enrollment and retention rate of subjects in clinical trials;   

serious and unexpected side effects experienced by patients in our clinical trials which are related to the use of our product candidates; or   

failure of our third-party contractors to meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner.   

Clinical trials
may also be delayed or terminated as a result of ambiguous or negative interim results. In addition, a clinical trial may be suspended
or terminated by us, the FDA, the IRBs at the sites where the IRBs are overseeing a trial, or a data safety monitoring board, or
DSMB, overseeing the clinical trial at issue, or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors. Additionally, changes
in regulatory requirements and guidance may occur and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments
may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the cost, timing or successful
completion of a clinical trial. We do not know whether our clinical trials will be conducted as planned, will need to be restructured
or will be completed on schedule, if at all. Delays in our clinical trials will result in increased development costs for our drug
candidates. In addition, if we experience delays in the completion of, or if we terminate, any of our clinical trials, the commercial
prospects for our drug candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate product revenues will be jeopardized. Furthermore,
many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead
to the denial of regulatory approval of a drug candidate. If regulatory authorities do not approve our products or if we fail to
maintain regulatory compliance, we would be unable to commercialize our proposed products, and our business and results of operations
could be materially harmed. 

The results
of pre-clinical studies and clinical trials may not be predictive of the results of our later-stage clinical trials and our proposed
products may not have favorable results in later-stage clinical trials or receive regulatory approval.   

Positive results
from pre-clinical studies or our Phase 1 and Phase 2 trials should not be relied upon as evidence that our clinical trials will
succeed. Even if our product candidates achieve positive results in pre-clinical studies or during our Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies,
we will be required to demonstrate through further clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective for use in
a diverse population before we can seek regulatory approvals for their commercial sale. There is typically an extremely high rate
of attrition from the failure of product candidates as they proceed through clinical trials. If any product candidate fails to
demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy in any clinical trial, then we may experience potentially significant delays in, or
be required to abandon, development of that product candidate. Additionally, failure to demonstrate safety and efficacy results
acceptable to the FDA in later stage trials could impair our development prospects and even prevent regulatory approval of our
current and future product candidates. Any such delays or abandonment in our development efforts of any of our product candidates
would materially impair our ability to generate revenues. 

Our research and development
expenses are subject to uncertainty.    

Factors affecting our research and
development expenses include, but are not limited to: 

competition from companies that have substantially greater assets and financial resources than we have;   

need for acceptance of our proposed products;   

ability to anticipate and adapt to a competitive market and rapid technological developments;   

amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating to outsourcing of manufacturing and management of pre-clinical and clinical trials;   

need to rely on multiple levels of outside funding due to the length of drug development cycles and governmental approved protocols associated with the pharmaceutical industry; and   

dependence upon key personnel including key independent consultants and advisors.   

There can be no
guarantee that our research and development expenses will be consistent from period to period. We may be required to accelerate
or delay incurring certain expenses depending on the results of our studies and the availability of adequate funding. 

We are subject to numerous risks
inherent in conducting clinical trials.    

We outsource the
management of our clinical trials to third parties. Agreements with clinical investigators and medical institutions for clinical
testing and with other third parties for data management services, place substantial responsibilities on these parties that, if
unmet, could result in delays in, or termination of, our clinical trials. For example, if any of our clinical trial sites fail
to comply with FDA-approved good clinical practices, we may be unable to use the data gathered at those sites. If these clinical
investigators, medical institutions or other third parties do not carry out their contractual duties or obligations or fail to
meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to
adhere to our clinical protocols or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may be
unable to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, our proposed products. Delays in recruitment, lack of
clinical benefit or unacceptable side effects would delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials. 

We or our regulators
may suspend or terminate our clinical trials for a number of reasons. We may voluntarily suspend or terminate our clinical trials
if at any time we believe they present an unacceptable risk to the patients enrolled in our clinical trials or do not demonstrate
clinical benefit. In addition, regulatory agencies may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of our clinical trials
at any time if they believe that the clinical trials are not being conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements
or that they present an unacceptable safety risk to the patients enrolled in our clinical trials. 

Our clinical trial
operations are subject to regulatory inspections at any time. If regulatory inspectors conclude that we or our clinical trial sites
are not in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements for conducting clinical trials, we may receive reports of observations
or warning letters detailing deficiencies, and we will be required to implement corrective actions. If regulatory agencies deem
our responses to be inadequate, or are dissatisfied with the corrective actions we or our clinical trial sites have implemented,
our clinical trials may be temporarily or permanently discontinued, we may be fined, we or our investigators may be precluded from
conducting any ongoing or any future clinical trials, the government may refuse to approve our marketing applications or allow
us to manufacture or market our products, and we may be criminally prosecuted. 

The lengthy approval
process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval
for our proposed products, which would materially harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 

There are
no assurances that we will be able to submit a pre-market application or obtain FDA approval in order to market and sell our products.   

There can be no
assurance that even if the clinical trial of any potential product candidate is successfully initiated and completed, that we will
be able to submit a Biologics License Application ( BLA ) or New Drug Application ( NDA ) to the FDA, or
that any BLA or NDA that we submit will be approved in a timely manner, if at all. If we are unable to submit a BLA or NDA with
respect to any future product, or if such application is not approved by the FDA, we will be unable to commercialize that product.
The FDA can and does reject BLAs and NDAs and may require additional clinical trials, even when product candidates performed well
or achieved favorable results during initial clinical trials. If we fail to commercialize our product candidates and are unable
to generate sufficient revenues to attain profitability our business will be adversely effected. 

The manufacturing
of stem cell-based therapeutic products is novel and dependent upon specialized key materials  . 

The manufacturing
of stem cell-based therapeutic products is a complicated and difficult process, dependent upon substantial know-how and subject
to the need for continual process improvements. We depend almost exclusively on third party manufacturers to supply our cells.
In addition, our suppliers  ability to scale-up manufacturing to satisfy the various requirements of our planned clinical
trials is uncertain. Manufacturing irregularities or lapses in quality control could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Additionally, many of the materials that we use to prepare our cell-based products are highly specialized, complex and available
from only a limited number of suppliers. The loss of one or more of these sources would likely delay our ability to conduct planned
clinical trials and otherwise adversely affect our business. 

We may be
subject to litigation that will be costly to defend or pursue and uncertain in its outcome.   

Our business
may bring us into conflict with licensees, licensors, or others with whom we have contractual or other business relationships
or with our competitors or others whose interests differs from ours. If we are unable to resolve these conflicts on terms that
are satisfactory to all parties, we may become involved in litigation brought by or against such parties. Any litigation is likely
to be expensive and may require a significant amount of management's time and attention, at the expense of other aspects of our
business. The outcome of litigation is always uncertain, and in some cases could include judgments against us which could have
a materially adverse effect on our business. 

We may not be able to obtain necessary licenses to third-party patents and other rights.   

A number of companies,
universities and research institutions have filed patent applications or have received patents relating to technologies in our
field. We cannot predict which, if any, of these applications will issue as patents or how many of these issued patents will be
found valid and enforceable. There may also be existing issued patents on which we would infringe by the commercialization of our
product candidates. If so, we may be prevented from commercializing these products unless the third party is willing to grant a
license to us. We may be unable to obtain licenses to the relevant patents at a reasonable cost, if at all, and may also be unable
to develop or obtain alternative non-infringing technology. If we are unable to obtain such licenses or develop non-infringing
technology at a reasonable cost, our business could be significantly harmed. Also, any infringement lawsuits commenced against
us may result in significant costs, divert our management s attention and result in an award against us for substantial damages,
or potentially prevent us from continuing certain operations. 

We may not
be able to obtain government or third-party payor coverage and reimbursement.   

Our ability to
successfully commercialize our product candidates, if approved, depends to a significant degree on the ability of patients to be
reimbursed for the costs of such products and related treatments. We cannot assure you that reimbursement in the U.S. or in foreign
countries will be available for any products developed, or, if available, will not decrease in the future, or that reimbursement
amounts will not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our products. There is considerable pressure to reduce the cost of therapeutic
products. Government and other third party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage
and the level of reimbursement for new therapeutic products and by refusing, in some cases, to provide any coverage for uses of
approved products for disease indications for which the FDA or other relevant authority has not granted marketing approval. Moreover,
in some cases, government and other third party payors have refused to provide reimbursement for uses of approved products for
disease indications for which the FDA or other relevant authority has granted marketing approval. Significant uncertainty exists
as to the reimbursement status of newly approved health-care products or novel therapies such as ours. We cannot predict what additional
regulation or legislation relating to the health care industry or third-party coverage and reimbursement may be enacted in the
future or what effect such regulation or legislation may have on our business. If additional regulations are overly onerous or
expensive or if healthcare related legislation makes our business more expensive or burdensome than originally anticipated, we
may be forced to significantly downsize our business plans or completely abandon the current business model. 

Our products may not be profitable
due to manufacturing costs and our inability to receive favorable pricing.   

Our products may
be significantly more expensive to manufacture than other drugs or therapies currently on the market today due to a fewer number
of potential manufacturers, greater level of needed expertise and other general market conditions affecting manufacturers of our
proposed products. Even if we are able to receive approval for the reimbursement of our proposed products the amount of reimbursement
may be significantly less than the manufacturing costs of our products. Additionally, other market factors may limit the price
which we can charge for our proposed products while still being competitive. Accordingly, even if we are successful in developing
our proposed products, we may not be able to charge a high enough price for us to earn a profit. 

We are dependent on the acceptance
of our products by the healthcare community.   

Our product candidates,
if approved for marketing, may not achieve market acceptance since hospitals, physicians, patients or the medical community, in
general, may decide not to accept and utilize these products. The products that we are attempting to develop represent substantial
departures from established treatment methods and will compete with a number of more conventional therapies marketed by major pharmaceutical
companies. If the healthcare community does not accept our products for any reason, our business will be materially harmed. 

We depend on key employees and
consultants for our continued operations and future success.   

We are highly
dependent on our chief executive officer, chief scientific officer and outside consultants.  Although we have entered
into employment and consulting agreements with these parties, these agreements can be terminated at any time.  The loss
of any of these key employees or consultants could adversely affect our opportunities and materially harm our future prospects.  In
addition, we anticipate growth and expansion into areas and activities requiring additional expertise, such as clinical testing,
regulatory compliance, manufacturing and marketing.  We anticipate the need for additional management personnel as well
as the development of additional expertise by existing management personnel. There is intense competition for qualified personnel
in the areas of our present and planned activities, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain the
qualified personnel necessary for the development our business. 

The employment contracts of certain key employees contain significant anti-termination provisions which could make changes
in management difficult or expensive.   

We have entered
into employment agreements with Messrs. Daly and Lloyd Jones and Dr. Johe. Each of these employment agreements require the payment
of severance, in the event certain conditions are met, if these individuals are terminated. These provisions will make the replacement
of these employees very costly and could cause difficulty in effecting a change in control. 

If we are
unable to successfully execute our new refocused business strategy or integrate our new management team, our business could be
harmed.    

During 2016, the strategic direction of
our company and executive management team have undergone significant change. In January 2016, we announced a new strategic refocusing
to concentrate our resources on the NSI-189 small molecule program. As part of this refocusing, we announced that we will seek
external funding to defray all, or substantially all, of the costs associated with the NSI-566 stem cell therapy program. During
2016, we also received the resignation of our former President and Chief Executive Officer and founder. In addition, in February
2016, Richard Daly joined our company as our new President and Chief Executive Officer and was appointed to the board and, in May
2015, Jonathan Lloyd Jones joined our company as our new Chief Financial Officer. In May, 2016 we announced that we had committed
to a cost-reduction plan in order to better utilize our resources on the implementation of our refocused clinical and corporate
strategy. This cost-reduction plan includes a reduction in force across all of the Company s departments. In June, 2016 we
announced that the executive salaries of our chief executive officer and chief scientific officer have voluntarily been reduced.
Furthermore, all compensation to non-employee directors were deferred until such time that our equity compensation plans are amended
to authorize additional shares or the committee determines that the company is sufficiently funded. Our success depends largely
on the development and execution of our refocused business strategy by our senior management team as well as the acceptance of
such refocused strategy and team by our stakeholders. The recent transitions may be disruptive to our business, and if we are unable
to manage orderly transitions, our business may be adversely affected. Additionally, since our management team consists of a limited
number of individuals, the loss of these members of our senior management team or key personnel would likely harm our ability to
implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate. There may be a limited
number of persons with the requisite skills to serve in these positions, and we cannot assure you that we would be able to identify
or employ such qualified personnel on acceptable terms, if at all. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully execute
our refocused business strategy or that management will succeed in working together as a team. In the event we are unsuccessful,
our business and prospects could be harmed. 

Our competition has significantly
greater experience and financial resources.   

The biotechnology
industry is characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition. We compete against numerous companies,
many of which have substantially greater resources. Several such enterprises have initiated cell therapy research programs and/or
efforts to treat the same diseases which we target. Given our current stage of development and resources, it may be extremely difficult
for us to compete against more developed companies. 

As a result, our
proposed products could become obsolete before we recoup any portion of our related research and development and commercialization
expenses. Competition in the biopharmaceutical industry is based significantly on scientific and technological factors. These factors
include the availability of patent and other protection for technology and products, the ability to commercialize technological
developments and the ability to obtain governmental approval for testing, manufacturing and marketing. We compete with specialized
biopharmaceutical firms in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, as well as a growing number of large pharmaceutical companies
that are applying biotechnology to their operations. Many major pharmaceutical companies have developed or acquired internal biotechnology
capabilities or made commercial arrangements with other biopharmaceutical companies. These companies, as well as academic institutions
and governmental agencies and private research organizations, also compete with us in recruiting and retaining highly qualified
scientific personnel and consultants. Our ability to compete successfully with other companies in the pharmaceutical field will
also depend to a considerable degree on the continuing availability of capital to us. 

We believe that
our proposed products under development and in pre-clinical testing and clinical trials will address unmet medical needs for those
indications for which we are focusing our development efforts. Our competition will be determined in part by the potential indications
for which our proposed products are developed and ultimately approved by regulatory authorities. Additionally, the timing of market
introduction of some of our proposed products or of competitors  products may be an important competitive factor. Accordingly,
the relative speed with which we can develop our proposed products, complete preclinical testing, clinical trials and approval
processes and supply commercial quantities to market is expected to be important competitive factors. We expect that competition
among products approved for sale will be based on various factors, including product efficacy, safety, reliability, availability,
price and patent position.  

Our outsource model depends on
third parties to assist in developing and testing our proposed products.   

Our strategy for
the development, clinical and pre-clinical testing and commercialization of our proposed products is based in large part on an
outsource model. This model requires us to engage third parties in order to further develop our technology and products as well
as for the day to day operations of our business. In the event we are not able to enter into such relationships in the future,
our ability to operate and develop products may be seriously hindered or we may be required to spend considerable time and resources
to bring such functions in-house. Either outcome could result in our inability to develop a commercially feasible product or in
the need for substantially more working capital to complete the research in-house. 

The commercialization of therapeutic
products exposes us to product liability claims.   

Product liability
claims could result in substantial litigation costs and damage awards against us. We attempt to mitigate this risk by obtaining
and maintaining appropriate insurance coverage. Historically, we have obtained liability insurance that covers our clinical trials.
If we begin commercializing products, we will need to increase our insurance coverage. We may not be able to obtain insurance on
acceptable terms, if at all, and the policy limits on our insurance policies may be insufficient to cover our liability. 

We currently
rely heavily upon third party FDA-regulated manufacturers and suppliers for our products   

We currently manufacture
our cells both in-house and on an outsource basis. We outsource the manufacturing of our pharmaceutical compound to third party
manufacturers. We manufacture cells in-house which are not required to meet stringent FDA requirements. We use these cells in our
research and collaborative programs. At present, we outsource all the manufacturing and storage of our stem cells and pharmaceuticals
compound to be used in pre-clinical and clinical works, and which are subject to higher FDA requirements, to Charles River Laboratories,
Inc., of Wilmington, Massachusetts (stem cells) and Albany Molecular Resources, Inc. (small molecule). Failure by our contract
manufacturer to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards could result in patient injury or death, product recalls or withdrawals,
delays or failures in testing or delivery, cost overruns, or other problems that could seriously hurt our business. Contract manufacturers
may encounter difficulties involving production yields, quality control, and quality assurance. These manufacturers are subject
to ongoing periodic and unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies to ensure strict compliance
with cGMPs, GTPs and other applicable government regulations and corresponding foreign standards; however, we do not have control
over third-party manufacturers  compliance with these regulations and standards. 

Because manufacturing
facilities are subject to regulatory oversight and inspection, failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in material
manufacturing delays and product shortages, which could delay or otherwise negatively impact our clinical trials and product development.
Moreover, we do not have quantity or volume commitment orders from these manufacturers and we cannot assure you that the manufacturers
will be able to manufacture in the quantity we require on a timely basis or at all. In the event we are required to seek alternative
third party suppliers or manufacturers, they may require us to purchase a minimum amount of materials or could require other unfavorable
terms. Any such event would materially impact our business prospects and could delay the development of our products. Moreover,
there can be no assurance that any manufacturer or supplier that we select will be able to supply our products in a timely or cost
effective manner or in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or our specifications. In addition, due to the novelty
of our products and product development, there can be no assurances that we would be able to find other suitable third party FDA-regulated
manufacturers on a timely basis and at terms reasonable to us. Even if we were to locate alternative manufacturers there may be
delays before they are able to begin manufacturing. Failure to secure such third party manufacturers or suppliers would materially
impact our business. 

We rely
on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and perform data collection and analysis, which may result in costs and delays
that prevent us from successfully commercializing our product candidates.    

We do not have
the in-house capability to conduct clinical trials for our product candidates. We rely, and will rely in the future, on medical
institutions, clinical investigators, contract research organizations, contract laboratories, and collaborators to perform data
collection and analysis and other aspects of our clinical trials. Our reliance on these third parties for clinical development
activities results in reduced control over these activities. Furthermore, these third parties may also have relationships with
other entities, some of which may be our competitors. Our preclinical activities or clinical trials conducted in reliance on third
parties may be delayed, suspended, or terminated if: 

the third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties;   

the third parties fail to meet FDA and other regulatory obligations or expected deadlines;   

we replace a third party for any reason; or   

the quality or accuracy of the data obtained by third parties is compromised due to their failure to adhere to clinical protocols, regulatory requirements, or for other reasons.   

Third party performance
failures may increase our development costs, delay our ability to obtain regulatory approval, and delay or prevent the commercialization
of our product candidates. While we believe that there are numerous alternative sources to provide these services, in the event
that we seek such alternative sources, we may not be able to enter into replacement arrangements without incurring delays or additional
costs. 

Risks Relating to Intellectual Property

We may not be able to withstand
challenges to our intellectual property rights.   

We rely on our
intellectual property, including issued and applied-for patents, as the foundation of our business. Our intellectual property rights
may come under challenge. No assurances can be given that our current and potential future patents will survive such challenges.
For example, in 2005 one of our patents was challenged in the USPTO. Although we prevailed in this particular matter, these cases
are complex, lengthy, expensive, and could potentially be adjudicated adversely to our interests, removing the protection afforded
by an issued patent. The viability of our business would suffer if such patent protection were limited or eliminated. Moreover,
the costs associated with defending or settling intellectual property claims would likely have a material adverse effect on our
business and future prospects. 

We may not be able to adequately
protect against the piracy of the intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions.   

We conduct research
in countries outside of the U.S., including through our subsidiary in the People s Republic of China. A number of our competitors
are located in these countries and may be able to access our technology or test results. The laws protecting intellectual property
in some of these countries may not adequately protect our trade secrets and intellectual property. The misappropriation of our
intellectual property may materially impact our position in the market and any competitive advantages, if any, that we may have. 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock  

The market price for our common
shares is particularly volatile.   

The market for
our common shares is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share
price will continue to be more volatile than those of a seasoned issuer. The volatility in our share price is attributable to a
number of factors. Mainly however, we are a speculative or  risky  investment due to our limited operating history,
lack of significant revenues to date and the uncertainty of FDA approval. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse
investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more
inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned
issuer. Additionally, in the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following
periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities
litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s attention and resources. 

The following
factors may add to the volatility in the price of our common shares: actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly or annual
operating results; the results of clinical trials for our product candidates; FDA s determination with respect to filings
for new clinical studies, new drug applications and new indications; government regulations; announcements of significant acquisitions,
strategic partnerships or joint ventures; our capital commitments; offerings of our securities and additions or departures of our
key personnel. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common shares, regardless
of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common
shares will be at any time, including as to whether our common shares will sustain their current market prices, or as to what effect
the sale of shares or the availability of common shares for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price. 

The requirements
of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain
qualified board members.   

As a public company,
we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we would not incur as a private company, including costs associated
with public company reporting requirements. We also incur costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related rules implemented or to be implemented by the SEC and the
Nasdaq. The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting, insurance and corporate governance purposes have been
increasing. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities
more time-consuming and costly. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain
types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make
it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as
our executive officers and may divert management s attention. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as
a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially
civil litigation. 

We have
never paid a cash dividend and do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.   

We have never
paid cash dividends nor do we anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, any return on your investment
will be as a result of stock appreciation if any. Additionally, we are prohibited from paying any cash dividends under the terms
of our loan and security agreement. 

Our anti-takeover
provisions may delay or prevent a change of control, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock.   

Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make it difficult to remove our
board of directors and management and may discourage or delay  change of control  transactions, which could adversely
affect the price of our common stock. These provisions include, among others: 

our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving for a staggered three-year term, which prevents stockholders from electing an entirely new board of directors at an annual meeting;   

advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors and propose matters to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company; and   

our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, issue series of preferred stock, or rights to acquire preferred stock, that could dilute the interest of, or impair the voting power of, holders of our common stock or could also be used as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control.   

If securities
or industry analysts do not publish research reports, or publish unfavorable research about our business, the price and trading
volume of our common stock could decline.   

The trading market
for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us and
our business. We currently have limited research coverage by securities and industry analysts. In the event an analyst downgrades
our securities, the price of our securities would likely decline. If analysts cease to cover us or fails to publish regular reports
on us, interest in our securities could decrease, which could cause the price of our common stock and other securities and their
trading volume to decline. 

Our charter
documents and Delaware law contain provisions that could make it difficult for us to be acquired in a transaction that might be
beneficial to our stockholders.   

Our board of directors
has the authority to issue shares of preferred stock and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of these
shares without stockholder approval.  Additionally, our Bylaws provide for a staggered board.  These provisions
in our charter documents, along with certain provisions under Delaware law, may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire
us or discourage a third party from attempting to acquire us, even if the acquisition might be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Our board
of directors has broad discretion to issue additional securities which might dilute the net tangible book value per share of our
common stock for existing stockholders.    

We are entitled
under our certificate of incorporation to issue up to 300,000,000 shares of common stock and 7,000,000  blank check 
shares of preferred stock. Shares of our blank check preferred stock provide our board of directors with broad authority to determine
voting, dividend, conversion, and other rights. As of September 30, 2016 we have issued and outstanding 114,823,460,shares of common
stock and we have 66,792,486 shares of common stock reserved for future grants under our equity compensation plans and for issuances
upon the exercise or conversion of currently outstanding options, warrants and convertible securities. As of September 30, 2016,
we had no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Accordingly, we are entitled to issue up to 118,384,054 additional
shares of common stock and 7,000,000 additional shares of  blank check  preferred stock. Our board may generally issue
those common and preferred shares, or convertible securities to purchase those shares, without further approval by our shareholders.
Any preferred shares we may issue will have such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as may be designated from time-to-time
by our board, including preferential dividend rights, voting rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and liquidation provisions.
It is likely that we will be required to issue a large amount of additional securities to raise capital in order to further our
development and marketing plans. It is also likely that we will be required to issue a large amount of additional securities to
directors, officers, employees and consultants as compensatory grants in connection with their services, both in the form of stand-alone
grants or under our various stock plans. The issuance of additional securities may cause substantial dilution to our shareholders. 

Risks Related
to Government Regulation and Approval of our Product Candidates.  

The regulatory
approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and
our products may not receive regulatory approval.   

The time required to obtain approval by
the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is inherently unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement
of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition,
approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course
of a drug candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. We have not obtained regulatory approval for
any product candidate and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to
develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 

Our drug candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval
for many reasons, including the following: 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials;   

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication;   

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval;   

we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks;   

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;   

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a BLA, NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere;   

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; or   

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval.   

We are currently
undertaking clinical trials for our lead products candidates NSI-189 and NSI-566.  We cannot assure you that we will
successfully complete any clinical trials in connection with such INDs.  Further, we cannot predict when we might first
submit any product license application (NDA or BLA) for FDA approval or whether any such product license application will be granted
on a timely basis, if at all.  Moreover, we cannot assure you that FDA approvals for any products developed by us will
be granted on a timely basis, if at all. Any delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain, such approvals could have a material adverse
effect on the marketing of our products and our ability to generate product revenue. 

In addition, even
if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications
than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our products, may grant approval contingent on the performance
of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a drug candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims
necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that drug candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially
harm the commercial prospects for our drug candidates. 

Development of our product candidates is subject to extensive government regulation.   

Our research and
development efforts, as well as any future clinical trials, and the manufacturing and marketing of any products we may develop,
will be subject to, and restricted by, extensive regulation by governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries. The process
of obtaining FDA and other necessary regulatory approvals is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. FDA and other legal and regulatory
requirements applicable to our proposed products could substantially delay or prevent us from initiating additional clinical trials.
We may fail to obtain the necessary approvals to commence clinical testing or to manufacture or market our potential products in
reasonable time frames, if at all. In addition, the U.S. Congress and other legislative bodies may enact regulatory reforms or
restrictions on the development of new therapies that could adversely affect the regulatory environment in which we operate or
the development of any products we may develop. 

A substantial
portion of our research and development entails the use of stem cells obtained from human tissue. The U.S. federal and state governments
and other jurisdictions impose restrictions on the acquisition and use of human tissue, including those incorporated in federal
Good Tissue Practice, or  GTP,  regulations. These regulatory and other constraints could prevent us from obtaining
cells and other components of our products in the quantity or of the quality needed for their development or commercialization.
These restrictions change from time to time and may become more onerous. Additionally, we may not be able to identify or develop
reliable sources for the cells necessary for our potential products   that is, sources that follow all state and federal
laws and guidelines for cell procurement. Certain components used to manufacture our stem and progenitor cell product candidates
will need to be manufactured in compliance with the FDA s GMP. Accordingly, we will need to enter into supply agreements
with companies that manufacture these components to GMP standards. There is no assurance that we will be able to enter into any
such agreements. 

Noncompliance
with applicable regulatory requirements can subject us, our third party suppliers and manufacturers and our other collaborators
to administrative and judicial sanctions, such as, among other things, warning letters, fines and other monetary payments, recall
or seizure of products, criminal proceedings, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, interruption or cessation of clinical
trials, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, limitations on or the elimination of claims we
can make for our products, refusal of the government to enter into supply contracts or fund research, or government delay in approving
or refusal to approve new drug applications. 

We cannot predict if or when
we will be able to commercialize our products due to regulatory constraints.   

Federal, state
and local governments and agencies in the U.S. (including the FDA) and governments in other countries have significant regulations
in place that govern many of our activities.  We are, or may become, subject to various federal, state and local laws,
regulations and recommendations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices, the experimental use
of animals and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances used in connection with its research and development
work. The preclinical testing and clinical trials of our proposed products are subject to extensive government regulation that
may prevent us from creating commercially viable products. In addition, our sale of any commercially viable product will be subject
to government regulation from several standpoints, including manufacturing, advertising, marketing, promoting, selling, labeling
and distributing.  If, and to the extent that, we are unable to comply with these regulations, our ability to earn revenues,
if any, will be materially and negatively impacted. 

If our clinical
trials fail to demonstrate that any of our product candidates are safe and effective for the treatment of particular diseases,
the FDA may require us to conduct additional clinical trials or may not grant us marketing approval for such product candidates
for those diseases.   

We are not permitted
to market our product candidates in the United States until we receive approval of a BLA or NDA from the FDA. Before obtaining
regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate for a target indication, we must demonstrate with evidence
gathered in preclinical and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with respect to approval in the United States, to the satisfaction
of the FDA and, with respect to approval in other countries, similar regulatory authorities in those countries, that the product
candidate is safe and effective for use for that target indication and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls
used to produce the product are compliant with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. Our failure to adequately demonstrate
the safety and effectiveness of any of our product candidates for the treatment of particular diseases may delay or prevent our
receipt of the FDA s approval and, ultimately, may prevent commercialization of our product candidates for those diseases.
The FDA has substantial discretion in deciding whether, based on the benefits and risks in a particular disease, any of our product
candidates should be granted approval for the treatment of that particular disease. Even if we believe that a clinical trial or
trials has demonstrated the safety and statistically significant efficacy of any of our product candidates for the treatment of
a disease, the results may not be satisfactory to the FDA. Preclinical and clinical data can be interpreted by the FDA and other
regulatory authorities in different ways, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. If regulatory delays are significant
or regulatory approval is limited or denied altogether, our financial results and the commercial prospects for those of our product
candidates involved will be harmed, and our prospects for profitability will be significantly impaired. 

Satisfaction of
these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain, and subject to unanticipated delays. Despite our
efforts, our drug candidates may not: 

offer improvement over existing comparable products;   

be proven safe and effective in clinical trials; or   

meet applicable regulatory standards.   

In addition, in
the course of its review of a BLA or NDA or other regulatory application, the FDA or other regulatory authorities may conduct audits
of the practices and procedures of a company and its suppliers and contractors concerning manufacturing, clinical study conduct,
non-clinical studies and several other areas. If the FDA and/or other regulatory authorities conducts an audit relating to a BLA,
NDA or other regulatory application and finds a significant deficiency in any of these or other areas, the FDA or other regulatory
authorities could delay or not approve such BLA, NDA or other regulatory application. If regulatory delays are significant or regulatory
approval is limited or denied altogether, our financial results and the commercial prospects for those of our products or product
candidates involved will be harmed, and our prospects for profitability will be significantly impaired. 

Both before
and after marketing approval, our product candidates are subject to extensive and rigorous ongoing regulatory requirements and
continued regulatory review, and if we fail to comply with these continuing requirements, we could be subject to a variety of sanctions.   

Both before and
after the approval of our product candidates, we, our product candidates, our operations, our facilities, our suppliers, and our
contract manufacturers, contract research organizations, and contract testing laboratories are subject to extensive regulation
by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries, with regulations differing from country to country. In the
United States, the FDA regulates, among other things, the pre-clinical testing, clinical trials, manufacturing, safety, efficacy,
potency, labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, record keeping, quality systems, advertising, promotion, sale and
distribution of therapeutic products. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and
reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMP, requirements and current good clinical practice, or cGCP, requirements
for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Failure to comply with applicable requirements could result in, among other
things, one or more of the following actions: restrictions on the marketing of our products or their manufacturing processes, notices
of violation, untitled letters, warning letters, civil penalties, fines and other monetary penalties, unanticipated expenditures,
delays in approval or refusal to approve a product candidate, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product, seizure
or detention, voluntary or mandatory product recalls and related publicity requirements, interruption of manufacturing or clinical
trials, operating restrictions, injunctions, import or export bans, and criminal prosecution. We or the FDA, or an institutional
review board, may suspend or terminate human clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects
are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. 

The FDA s policies may change and
additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates.
If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we
are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, which would adversely
affect our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability. 

If side effects are identified during
the time our drug candidates are in development or after they are approved and on the market, we may choose to or be required to
perform lengthy additional clinical trials, discontinue development of the affected drug candidate, change the labeling of any
such products, or withdraw any such products from the market, any of which would hinder or preclude our ability to generate revenues.

Undesirable side effects caused by our
drug candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more
restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign authorities. The drug-related
side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential
product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. Even
if any of our drug candidates receives marketing approval, as greater numbers of patients use a drug following its approval, an
increase in the incidence of side effects or the incidence of other post-approval problems that were not seen or anticipated during
pre-approval clinical trials could result in a number of potentially significant negative consequences, including: 

regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product;   

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications;   

we may be required to change the way the product is administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the product;   

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and   

our reputation may suffer.   

Any of these events could substantially
increase the costs and expenses of developing, commercializing and marketing any such drug candidates or could harm or prevent
sales of any approved products. 

Even if our product candidates receive
regulatory approval in the United States, we may never receive approval or commercialize our products outside of the United States.

In order to market any products outside
of the United States, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding
safety and efficacy. Approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative
review periods. The time required to obtain approval in other countries might differ from that required to obtain FDA approval.
The regulatory approval process in other countries may include all of the risks detailed above regarding FDA approval in the United
States as well as other risks. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure
or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in others. Failure
to obtain regulatory approval in other countries or any delay or setback in obtaining such approval would impair our ability to
develop foreign markets for our drug candidates. 

Our product candidates for which
we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated.    

We expect our stem cell product candidates
to be regulated by the FDA as biologic products and we intend to seek approval for these products pursuant to the BLA pathway.
The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, created an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar
and interchangeable biologic products. The abbreviated regulatory pathway establishes legal authority for the FDA to review and
approve biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as  interchangeable  based on its
similarity to an existing brand product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product cannot be approved by the FDA
until 12 years after the original branded product was approved under a BLA. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and
implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain
when such processes intended to implement BPCIA may be fully adopted by the FDA, any such processes could have a material adverse
effect on the future commercial prospects for our biologic products. 

We believe that
any of our product candidates approved as a biologic product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity.
However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will
not consider our drug candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic
competition sooner than anticipated. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one
of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biologic products is not yet clear,
and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 

ITEM
2.	UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

The
following information is given with regard to unregistered securities sold from January 1, 2016 to October 31, 2016.  The
following securities were issued in private offerings pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in the Securities Act
and the rules promulgated thereunder in reliance on Section 4(2) thereof, relating to offers of securities by an issuer not involving
any public offering:  

On February 15, 2016, as an inducement
to Mr. Daly s employment, we granted an inducement option to purchase 2,750,000 shares of Common Stock. The option has a
term of ten (10) years, and vests as follows: (i) 687,500 options vest on the six (6) month anniversary of the grant date, (ii)
687,500 options vest on the one (1) year anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 1,375,000 options vesting quarterly over
the subsequent three (3) year period such that the option will be fully vested on the four (4) year anniversary of the grant date.    

On May 12, 2016,
we entered into private placement securities purchase agreements with certain accredited investors to purchase 2,700,000 of common
stock and 2,700,000 common stock purchase warrants at a price of $0.40 per each share and common stock purchase warrant. We received
aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $1,080,000 and net proceeds of approximately $925,000. The warrants allow the holder
to purchase one share of common stock, have an exercise price of $0.40 per share and a term of 5 years. The warrants contain certain
non-standard anti-dilution protection and. Consequently, are being accounted for as derivative instruments recorded at fair value
each period. This private placement transaction was not made pursuant to any registration statement.     

In July 2016,
we issued one of our legal advisors a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 150,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise
price of $0.30 per share as partial compensation for legal work. The warrant vests monthly over one year from the grant date, has
a term of 5 years and will expire on June 30, 2021. Any vested portion of the warrant can be exercised after 6 months from the
issuance date on a cashless basis at any time that the shares underlying the warrant are not subject to a registration statement.
The warrant provides for an adjustment to the purchase price and number of shares underlying the warrant upon stock dividends and
splits. The warrant does not contain any price protection provisions with regard to subsequent financings.    

In September
and October 2016 we sold an aggregate of 98,215 shares of common stock to certain members of our management. The average purchase
price for the shares was $0.31 based on the closing price of our common stock on each purchase date generating $30,000 of proceeds.
The shares were issued pursuant to a plan to facilitate the ownership of our common shares by management.     

ITEM 3.	DEFAULT UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None  

ITEM 4.	MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE  

Not Applicable  

ITEM 5.	OTHER INFORMATION   

Not Applicable  

ITEM 6.	EXHIBITS  

The
exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-Q.  

SIGNATURES   

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.  

NEURALSTEM, INC.    

Date:  November 8, 2016  
       
      /s/  Richard Daly   

Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ Jonathan Lloyd Jones   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS   

* Filed herein  

  ** Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or
executive officers are eligible to participate.  

45 

<EX-10.22>
 2
 exh_1022.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.22

Exhibit 10.22  

September 23, 2016 

Neuralstem, Inc. 

 20271 Goldenrod Lane, 2 nd  floor 

 Germantown, MD 20876 

Re:  Neuralstem, Inc. - Subscription for
Shares of Common Stock  

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees to the following: 

1.       The undersigned
hereby subscribes for shares totally an aggregate consideration of $10,000 (the   Shares  ) of Common Stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of Neuralstem, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Corporation  ), at a price per share
equal to the closing price of the Common Stock on September 23, 2016 in cash and in accordance with the instructions contained
on  Schedule A  hereto; 

2.       The undersigned
(a) has a preexisting personal or business relationship with the Corporation or one or more of its officers or directors, or (b)
by reason of the undersigned s business or financial experience, or by reason of the business or financial experience of
the undersigned s financial advisor who is not affiliated with, and who is not compensated directly or indirectly by, the
Corporation or any affiliate or selling agent of the Corporation, the undersigned is capable of evaluating the risks and merits
of an investment in the Shares and or protecting the undersigned s own interests in connection with the Shares; 

3.       All of the Shares
so received will be taken by the undersigned for its own account as an investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof; 

4.       It is understood
that the Corporation will issue the Shares without their registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the   Act  );
therefore, the Shares may not be resold or transferred unless they are registered under the Act or unless an exemption from registration
is available. The undersigned acknowledges that there are substantial restrictions on the transferability of the Shares and accordingly,
it may not be possible for the undersigned to liquidate an investment in the Corporation; 

5.       The undersigned
hereby covenants and agrees that the undersigned will, from time to time if requested by the Corporation or its successors or assigns,
do, execute, acknowledge and deliver, or will cause to be done, executed, acknowledged and delivered, to the Corporation or its 

 successors or assigns, such and all further acts, transfers, assignments,
deeds, powers and assurances of title, and additional papers and instruments, and cause to be done all acts or things as often
as may be proper or necessary for better conveying, transferring and assigning of all of the property hereby conveyed, transferred
or assigned, and effectively to carry out the intent hereof, and to vest in the entire right, title and interest of the undersigned
in and to all of the said property, and the undersigned will warrant and defend the same to the Corporation or its successors or
assigns, forever against all claims or demands whatsoever. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this instrument
to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

Very truly yours, 

By: 

Jonathan Lloyd Jones 

SCHEDULE A  

On September 23, 2016, $10,000 will be deducted from Mr. Lloyd Jones 
paycheck from Neuralstem, Inc. in order to purchase the shares of common stock as described above. 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 exh_1023.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.23

Exhibit 10.23  

September 11, 2016 

Neuralstem, Inc. 

 20271 Goldenrod Lane, 2 nd  floor 

 Germantown, MD 20876 

Re:  Neuralstem, Inc. - Subscription for
Shares of Common Stock  

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees to the following: 

1.       The undersigned
(  Investor  ) hereby subscribes for sixty thousand dollars ($60,000) of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share,
of Neuralstem, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Corporation  ), in accordance with  Schedule A  attached
hereto (the   Shares  ); 

2.       The undersigned
(a) has a preexisting personal or business relationship with the Corporation or one or more of its officers or directors, or (b)
by reason of the undersigned s business or financial experience, or by reason of the business or financial experience of
the undersigned s financial advisor who is not affiliated with, and who is not compensated directly or indirectly by, the
Corporation or any affiliate or selling agent of the Corporation, the undersigned is capable of evaluating the risks and merits
of an investment in the Shares and or protecting the undersigned s own interests in connection with the Shares; 

3.       All of the Shares
so received will be taken by the undersigned for its own account as an investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof; 

4.       It is understood
that the Corporation will issue the Shares without their registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the   Act  );
therefore, the Shares may not be resold or transferred unless they are registered under the Act or unless an exemption from registration
is available. The undersigned acknowledges that there are substantial restrictions on the transferability of the Shares and accordingly,
it may not be possible for the undersigned to liquidate an investment in the Corporation; 

5.       The undersigned
hereby covenants and agrees that the undersigned will, from time to time if requested by the Corporation or its successors or assigns,
do, execute, acknowledge and deliver, or will cause to be done, executed, acknowledged and delivered, to the Corporation or its 

 successors or assigns, such and all further acts, transfers, assignments,
deeds, powers and assurances of title, and additional papers and instruments, and cause to be done all acts or things as often
as may be proper or necessary for better conveying, transferring and assigning of all of the property hereby conveyed, transferred
or assigned, and effectively to carry out the intent hereof, and to vest in the entire right, title and interest of the undersigned
in and to all of the said property, and the undersigned will warrant and defend the same to the Corporation or its successors or
assigns, forever against all claims or demands whatsoever. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this instrument
to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

Very truly yours, 

By: 

Richard Daly 

SCHEDULE A  

Investor agrees to defer an aggregate of $60,000 of his salary from the Corporation
in accordance with the following schedule: 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

SECTION 302  

  CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Richard Daly,
certify that: 

(1)          I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Neuralstem, Inc.; 

(2)          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

(3)          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

(4)          The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)           Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its unconsolidated investments, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)           Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)           Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting; and 

(5)          The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 

(a)           All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)           Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 8, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/  Richard Daly    

Richard Daly, Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

SECTION 302  

  CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Jonathan Lloyd
Jones, certify that: 

(1)          I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Neuralstem, Inc.; 

(2)          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

(3)          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

(4)          The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)           Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its unconsolidated investments, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)           Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)           Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting; and 

(5)          The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: 

(a)           All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)           Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 8, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/  Jonathan Lloyd Jones    

Jonathan Lloyd Jones, Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AND EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(b) AND 15d-14(b)  

  (Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  

In connection
with the Quarterly Report of Neuralstem, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard Daly certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge
and belief: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operation of the Company.   

/s/  Richard Daly   

Chief Executive Officer  

Neuralstem, Inc.  

November 8, 2016 

This certification
accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original
of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exh_322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AND EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(b) AND 15d-14(b)  

  (Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  

In connection
with the Quarterly Report of Neuralstem, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jonathan Lloyd Jones, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of
my knowledge and belief: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operation of the Company.   

/s/  Jonathan Lloyd Jones   

Chief Financial Officer  

Neuralstem, Inc.  

November 8, 2016 

This certification
accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original
of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 cur-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cur-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cur-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cur-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cur-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cur-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

