<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1549084_0001144204-16-132829_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5446101</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106407</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>506626</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1399162</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2373601</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>962742</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>29</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132829.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109164334
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132829
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EKSO BIONICS HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001549084
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT, NEC [3569]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37854
		FILM NUMBER:		161984831

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1414 HARBOUR WAY SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1201
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-984-1761

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1414 HARBOUR WAY SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1201
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94804

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PN Med Group Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120503

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132829.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451418_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

or  

For the transition period from ______
to ______   

Commission File Number: 001-37854   

Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Nevada   
       
       99-0367049    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification No.)   

(510) 984-1761   

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted to its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer  x    

Non-accelerated filer      
       
      Smaller reporting company       
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o  No  x  

The number of shares
of registrant s common stock outstanding as of November 2, 2016 was: 21,880,959 

Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc.  

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   

Table of Contents  

Page No.    

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      5   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      6   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      21   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      32   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      32   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 5. 
      Other Items  
     33  

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      33   

Signatures   
      34   

2  

        Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc.   

     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   

   (In thousands, except par value)   

See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements 

3  

        Table of Contents  

Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc.   

     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss   

   (In thousands, except per share amounts)   

   (Unaudited)   

See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements 

4  

        Table of Contents  

Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc.   

     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

   (In thousands)   

   (Unaudited)   

See Accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements 

5  

        Table of Contents  

Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc.  

    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

  1. Organization  

Description of Business   

On January 15, 2014, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. named Ekso Acquisition Corp. merged with and into Ekso Bionics, Inc. (the  Merger ).
Ekso Bionics, Inc. was the surviving corporation and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. As a result
of this transaction, Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. discontinued its pre-merger operations, acquired the business of Ekso Bionics,
Inc. and continues the operations of Ekso Bionics, Inc. as a publicly traded company. Ekso Bionics, Inc. was incorporated in January
2005 in the State of Delaware. 

As used in these notes to the consolidated
financial statements, the term  the Company  refers to Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc., formerly known as PN Med Group,
Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including Ekso Bionics, Inc. after giving effect to the Merger; the term  Holdings 
refers to the business of Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. prior to the Merger, and the term  Ekso Bionics  refers to Ekso
Bionics, Inc. prior to the Merger. All common stock share and per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the one-for-seven
reverse stock split completed on May 4, 2016. See  Note 11, Capitalization and Equity Structure   Reverse Stock Split . 

The Company designs, develops, and sells
exoskeletons that augment human strength, endurance, and mobility. The Company s exoskeletons have applications in health
care, industrial, military, and consumer markets.  

Liquidity  

Largely as a result of significant research
and development activities related to the development of the Company s advanced technology and commercialization of this
technology into its medical device business, the Company has incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from
operations since inception. The Company has also recognized significant non-cash losses associated with the revaluation of certain
securities, which have also contributed significantly to its accumulated deficit. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an
accumulated deficit of $109,284. 

Cash on hand at September 30, 2016 was
$12,800, compared to $19,552 at December 31, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company used $20,555 of cash
in operations, compared to $13,082 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in cash used was driven by general
increases in operating expenses such as selling, marketing, and research and development, as the Company continues to build its
team and capabilities and expand commercialization efforts for its medical and industrial device businesses. The increase also
includes a one-time increase in inventory, as well as some investment in certain inventory which is expected to reverse over the
next few quarters. 

Based upon the Company s current
cash resources, which include cash received from the exercise of warrants since September 30, 2016, the recent rate of using cash
for operations and investment, and assuming modest increases in current revenue offset by incremental increases in expenses related
to increased sales and marketing and research and development, and a potential increase in rental activity from its medical device
business, the Company believes it has sufficient resources to meet its financial obligations into the second quarter of 2017. The
Company will require significant additional financing. The Company intends to pursue opportunities to obtain additional financing
in the future through public or private equity and/or debt financings, corporate collaborations, or warrant solicitations.   

The Company s actual capital requirements
may vary significantly and will depend on many factors. For example, the Company plans to continue to increase its investments
(i) in its clinical, sales and marketing initiatives to accelerate adoption of the Ekso robotic exoskeleton in the rehabilitation
market, (ii) in its research, development and commercialization activities with respect to an Ekso robotic exoskeleton for home
use, and/or (iii) in the development and commercialization of able-bodied exoskeletons for industrial use. Consequently, the Company
will require significant additional financing in the future, which the Company intends to raise through corporate collaborations,
public or private equity offerings, debt financings, or warrant solicitations. Sales of additional equity securities by us could
result in the dilution of the interests of existing stockholders. There can be no assurance that financing will be available when
required in sufficient amounts, on acceptable terms or at all. In the event that the necessary additional financing is not obtained,
the Company may be required to reduce its discretionary overhead costs substantially, including research and development, general
and administrative, and sales and marketing expenses or otherwise curtail operations. 

6  

        Table of Contents  

2. Basis of Presentation and Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Basis of Presentation   

These unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S.
GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for the presentation
of interim financial information. Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed, or omitted, pursuant to such rules and regulations. The condensed consolidated
balance sheet at December 31, 2015, has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does
not include all disclosures required for the annual financial statements and should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto included as part of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.
Unless otherwise indicated, all dollar and share amounts (excluding per share amounts) included in these notes to the financial
statements are in thousands. 

In management s opinion, the condensed
consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (including reclassifications and normal recurring adjustments) necessary
for a fair statement of its financial position at September 30, 2016, and results of operations and cash flows for all periods
presented. The interim results presented are not necessarily indicative of results that can be expected for a full year. The condensed
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain reclassifications have been made to conform to the current period s
presentation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheet, and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. For the Company, these estimates include, but are not limited to:
revenue recognition, deferred revenue and the deferral of the associated costs, future warranty costs, maintenance and planned
improvement costs associated with medical device units sold prior to 2016, useful lives assigned to long-lived assets, realizability
of deferred tax assets, the valuation of options and warrants, and contingencies. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Concentration of Credit Risk and Other
Risks and Uncertainties  

Financial instruments that potentially
subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts receivable. We maintain our cash accounts
in excess of federally insured limits. However, we believe we are not exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position
of the depository institutions in which these deposits are held.  We extend credit to customers in the normal course of business
and perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable exist
to the full extent of amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements. We do not require collateral from our customers
to secure accounts receivable. 

Accounts receivable are derived from the
sale of products shipped and services performed for customers located in the U.S. and throughout the world. Invoices are aged based
on contractual terms with the customer. We review accounts receivable for collectability and provide an allowance for credit losses,
as needed. We have not experienced any material losses related to accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. Many of the sales contracts with customers outside of the U.S. are settled in a foreign currency other than the U.S. dollar. 

7  

        Table of Contents  

We do not enter into any foreign currency
hedging agreements and are susceptible to gains and losses from foreign currency fluctuations. To date, we have not experienced
significant gains or losses upon settling foreign currency denominated accounts receivable. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had one customer
with an accounts receivable balance totaling 10% or more of our total accounts receivable (13%) compared with one customer as of
December 31, 2015 (10%). 

In the three months ended September 30,
2016, we had one customer with billed revenue of 10% or more of total billed revenue (15%), compared with one customer in the three
months ended September 30, 2015 (48%). In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had no customers with sales comprising 10%
or more of our total customer sales, compared with one customer in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (33%). 

Medical Device Revenue and
Cost of Revenue Recognition  

The Company builds medical device robotic
exoskeletons for sale and capitalizes into inventory materials, direct and indirect labor, and overhead in connection with the
manufacture and assembly of these units. 

When the Company brought its first version
medical device to market in 2012, the Company could not be certain as to the costs it would incur to support, maintain, service,
and upgrade these early stage devices. Primarily for this reason, prior to January 1, 2016, the sale of a device, associated software,
initial training, and extended support and maintenance were deemed as a single unit of accounting due to the uncertainty of the
Company s follow-up maintenance and upgrade expenses, which were forecast to extend over three years. Accordingly, the revenue
from the sales of the device and associated cost of revenue were deferred at the time of shipment. Upon completion of training,
such amounts were recognized as revenue and cost of revenue over a three year period on a straight line basis, while all service
expenses, whether or not covered by the Company s original warranty, extended warranty contracts, or neither, were recognized
as incurred.  

Effective January 1, 2016, the Company
determined it had established (i) separate individual pricing for training, extended warranty coverage, and out-of-contract service
or repairs, (ii) sufficient historical evidence of customer buying patterns for extended warranty and maintenance coverage, and
(iii) a basis for estimating and recording warranty and service costs to allow the Company to separate its multiple element arrangements
into two distinct units of accounting: (1) the device, associated software, original manufacturer warranty and training if required,
and (2) extended support and maintenance. As a result, the Company is able to recognize revenue on such multiple element arrangements
related to the device upon delivery to the customer. Revenue relating to the undelivered elements is deferred using the relative
selling price method, which allocates revenue to each element using the estimated selling prices for the deliverables when vendor-specific
objective evidence or third-party evidence is not available. For sales on or after January 1, 2016, revenue and associated cost
of revenue of medical devices is recognized when delivered, or training has been completed, if required. Revenue for extended
maintenance and support agreements is recognized on a straight line basis over the contractual term of the agreement, which typically
ranges from one to four years. As a result of this change, the Company recognized medical device revenue previously deferred at
December 31, 2015 of $6,517 and associated cost of revenue of $4,159, resulting in additional gross profit, reduction in net loss
from operations, and reduction of net loss applicable to common stockholders of $2,358 in its results of operations for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016.  In addition, the Company recorded $212 for warranty expenses and a one-time charge of $911
for a planned preventative maintenance and upgrade program associated with the devices it had sold prior to 2016 in the same time
period. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting . ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions for public
companies, including: (1) income tax consequences, (2) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and (3) classification
on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.
Management is in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09 on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

8  

        Table of Contents  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The updated standard will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in
U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In
August 2015, the FASB issued an update, ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the
Effective Date , to defer the effective date of this update by one year. In April 2016, the FASB issued a further update, ASU
2016-10  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing . ASU 2016-10
clarifies that contractual provisions that explicitly or implicitly require an entity to transfer control of additional goods
or services to a customer should be distinguished from contractual provisions that explicitly or implicitly define the attributes
of a single promised license. In May 2016, the FASB issued a further update, ASU 2016-12  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606) Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients . ASU 2016-12 clarifies key areas concerning: (1) assessment
of collectability, (2) presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers, (3) non-cash consideration,
(4) contract modifications at transition, (5) completed contracts at transition, and (6) disclosing the accounting change in the
period of adoption. The updated standard becomes effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, but allows
the Company to adopt the standard one year earlier if it so chooses. The Company has not yet selected a transition method and
is currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments .
ASU 2016-15 requires entities to adhere to a uniform classification and presentation of certain cash receipts and cash payments
in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update provide guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. The new standard
will be effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the
impact of the items identified in the ASU to be material on its consolidated financial statements. 

3. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  

The
change in accumulated other comprehensive loss presented on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and the impact of significant
amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss on information presented in the condensed consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss for the nine month period ending  September  30,
2016, are reflected in the table below net of tax:  

Foreign     

Currency     

Translation     
 
     Balance at December 31, 2015    
     $  (1  )  
 
     Other comprehensive loss before reclassification    
        (6  )  
 
     Amounts reclassified from accumulated other    

comprehensive loss    
        -     
 
     Net current period other comprehensive loss    
        (6  )  
 
     Balance at September 30, 2016    
     $  (7  )  

9  

        Table of Contents  

4. Fair Value Measurements  

Fair value is defined as the exchange price
that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market
for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques
used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Three levels
of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, may be used to measure fair value which
are the following: 

Level 1  Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The Company considers a market to be active when transactions for the asset occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.   

Level 2  Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.   

Level 3  Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The valuation of Level 3 investments requires the use of significant management judgments or estimation.   

The Company s fair value hierarchies for its financial
assets and liabilities which require fair value measurement are as follows: 

The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the
fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial liabilities for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, which were
measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Refer to  Note 11. Capitalization and Equity Structure  
Warrants  for additional information regarding the valuation of warrants. 

10  

        Table of Contents  

5. Inventories, net  

Inventories consist of the following: 

6. Deferred Revenues  

In connection with our medical device sales
and engineering services, the Company often receives cash payments before the earnings process is complete. In these instances,
the Company records the payments as customer deposits until a device is shipped to the customer, or as customer advances in the
case of engineering services until the earnings process is achieved. In both cases, the cash received is recorded as a component
of deferred revenue. 

As described in  Note 2. Basis of Presentation
and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates   Medical Device Revenue and Cost of Revenue Recognition, 
prior to January 1, 2016, the sale of a device, associated software, initial training, and extended support and maintenance were
deemed as a single unit of accounting due to the uncertainty of the Company s follow-up maintenance and upgrade expenses,
which were forecast to extend over three years. Accordingly, the revenue from the sale of a device and associated cost of revenue
were deferred at the time of shipment. Upon completion of training, such amounts were recognized as revenue and cost of revenue
over a three year period on a straight line basis, while all service expenses, whether or not covered by the Company s original
warranty, extended warranty contracts, or neither, were recognized as incurred.  For sales on or after January 1, 2016, revenue
and associated cost of revenue of medical devices are recognized when delivered, or when training has been completed, if required. Revenue
for extended maintenance and support agreements will be recognized on a straight line basis over the contractual term of the agreement,
which typically ranges from one to four years. As a result of this change, the Company recognized medical device revenue previously
deferred at December 31, 2015 of $6,517 and associated cost of revenue of $4,159 in its condensed consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Deferred revenues and deferred cost of revenues consist of the
following: 

11  

        Table of Contents  

7. Intangible Assets  

On December 1, 2015, the Company acquired
substantially all of the assets of Equipois, LLC, a New Hampshire limited liability company, for an initial payment of $1,071,
payable in shares of the Company s common stock, and recorded $768 of estimated contingent consideration. The transaction
resulted in the Company recording $1,610 of intangible assets with an estimated life of three years. The following table reflects
the amortization of the purchased intangible assets as of September 30, 2016: 

Estimated future amortization for the remainder of 2016 is $135,
and $537 and $490 for the years 2017 and 2018, respectively. 

8. Accrued Liabilities  

Accrued liabilities consist of the following: 

9. Maintenance and Warranty  

Sales of devices generally include an initial
warranty for parts and services for one year in the U.S. and two years in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company determined it had sufficient historical experience of warranty costs to estimate future
warranty costs for devices sold. As a result, and beginning during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a liability for the
estimated cost of product warranty is established at the time revenue is recognized based on the historical experience of known
product failure rates and expected material and labor costs to provide warranty services. From time to time, specific additional
warranty accruals may be made if unforeseen technical problems arise. Alternatively, if estimates are determined to be greater
than the actual amounts necessary, a portion of the liability may be reversed in future periods. Warranty costs are reflected
in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as a component of costs of revenue. 

In addition, in the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recorded in its condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss a one-time charge
of $911 for a preventative maintenance and improvement program for devices sold prior to 2016 to bring the devices to second generation
GT-level functionality. 

12  

        Table of Contents  

A reconciliation of the changes in the
maintenance and warranty liabilities for the period ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

The long-term portion of warranty accrual
is included as a component of other non-current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

10. Lease and Note Obligations  

In November 2011, the Company entered into
an operating lease agreement for its headquarters and manufacturing facility in Richmond, California. The lease term commenced
in March 2012 and expires in May 2017, with one option to renew for an additional five years. In November 2016, the Company signed
the five-year lease extension option for its Richmond headquarters. The option lease term will commence in June 2017 and expire
in May 2022, which is included in the table below. The Company also leases nominal office space in Germany. 

In 2012, the Company entered into a note
agreement in connection with the lease for its Richmond, California facility. The note, for an aggregate principal of $200, with
an interest rate of 7%, minimum monthly payments of $4, and a May 31, 2017 maturity, was used to fund leasehold improvements. This
note is classified as a component of capital lease obligation-current and other non-current liabilities in the condensed consolidated
balance sheets. Commencing in August 2015, the Company entered into a long-term capital lease obligation for equipment. The aggregate
principal of the lease is $166, with an interest rate of 4.7%, minimum monthly payments of $3 and a July 1, 2020 maturity. This
capital lease is classified as a component of capital lease obligation-current and other non-current liabilities in the condensed
consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company estimates future
minimum payments as of September 30, 2016 to be the following: 

Rent expense under the Company s
operating leases was $101 and $86 for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was $299 and
$258 for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

13  

        Table of Contents  

11. Capitalization and Equity Structure   

Reverse Stock Split:   

After the close of the stock market on
May 4, 2016, the Company effected a 1-for-7 reverse split of its common stock. As a result, all common stock share amounts included
in this filing have been retroactively reduced by a factor of seven, and all common stock per share amounts have been increased
by a factor of seven, with the exception of our common stock par value. Amounts affected include common stock outstanding, including
the issuance of new shares of common stock as a result of the conversion of preferred stock and the exercise of stock options and
warrants. 

Summary:   

The Company s authorized capital
stock at September 30, 2016 consisted of 71,429 shares of common stock and 10,000 shares of convertible preferred stock. At September
30, 2016, 21,393 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding and no shares of convertible preferred stock were issued and
outstanding. 

2016 Common Stock Offering:   

On August 12, 2016, the Company issued
3,750 shares of common stock at a price to the public of $4.00, resulting in proceeds to the Company of $13,696, net of the underwriting
discount and issuance costs. On August 17, 2016, the Company issued an additional 267 shares of common stock as a result of the
partial exercise of the underwriters  overallotment option for additional proceeds of $998, net of the underwriting discount.
The Company plans to use the proceeds from this offering for its operations. 

As discussed below, the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock issued in December 2015 (the  Preferred Shares ) and the common stock warrants issued in December 2015
(the  2015 Warrants ) included price-based anti-dilution provisions providing for the adjustment of the conversion
price and the exercise price, as applicable, in the event the Company sells common stock or common stock equivalents (subject to
exceptions for certain exempt issuances) at a price lower than the then-conversion price of the Preferred Shares or the then-exercise
price of the 2015 Warrants. Because the sale price to the underwriters of the common stock in the August 2016 common stock offering
was less than the then-conversion price of the Preferred Shares and the then-exercise price of the 2015 Warrants, there was an
anti-dilution adjustment to the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares and the exercise
price of the 2015 Warrants was reduced, as discussed in more detail below. 

Convertible Preferred Stock:   

In December 2015, the Company issued  15
Preferred Shares and 2015 Warrants to purchase 2,122 shares of the Company s common stock for which the Company received
gross proceeds of $15,000.  Each Preferred Share was initially convertible into 0.141 shares of common stock (after giving
effect to the reverse stock split) at any time at the election of the investor. Conversion of the Preferred Shares triggers the
amortization of a discount related to a beneficial conversion feature and to the 2015 Warrants. The terms of the Preferred Shares
and 2015 Warrants included price-based anti-dilution provisions providing for the adjustment of the conversion price and the exercise
price, as applicable, in the event the Company sold common stock or common stock equivalents (subject to exceptions for certain
exempt issuances) at a price lower than the then-conversion price of the Preferred Shares or the then-exercise price of the 2015
Warrants. Because the sale price to the underwriters of the common stock in the August 2016 common stock offering was less than
the conversion price of the Preferred Shares at the time, the conversion price of the Preferred Shares was adjusted downwards from
$7.07 to $3.74 per share, which resulted in each outstanding Preferred Share becoming convertible into 0.267 shares of common stock
at any time at the election of the investor. As a result, the 3 Preferred Shares then outstanding became convertible, for no additional
consideration, into a total of 921 shares of the Company s common stock. 

14  

        Table of Contents  

At December 31, 2015, 13 Preferred Shares
were outstanding. As of September 30, 2016, no Preferred Shares remain outstanding and the warrant discount was fully amortized.
During the three month period ended September 30, 2016, 1 Preferred Share was converted into 60 shares of common stock at a conversion
price of $7.07 per share and 3 Preferred Shares were converted into 921 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $3.74 per
share. During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, 10 Preferred Shares were converted into 1,389 shares of common stock
at a conversion price of $7.07 per share, and 3 Preferred Shares were converted into 921 shares of common stock at a conversion
price of $3.74 per share. The conversions triggered the amortization of the warrant discount of $3,016 and $10,345 during the three
and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which were recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss as non-cash preferred deemed dividends. 

Warrants:   

Warrant share activity for the nine month
period ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

In connection with the December 2015 issuance
of Preferred Shares discussed above, the Company issued 2015 Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,122 shares of common
stock. The 2015 Warrants have a 5 year term. Because the sale price to the underwriters of the common stock in the August 2016
offering was less than the exercise price of the 2015 Warrants at the time, the exercise price of the 2015 Warrants was adjusted
downwards from $8.75 to $3.74 per share. 

The Company estimates the fair value of
the warrant liability by using a Black Scholes Option Pricing Model. The warrant liability is measured at fair value using certain
estimated inputs, which are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. The following assumptions were used in the Black
Scholes Option Pricing Model to measure the fair value of the warrants as of September 30, 2016: 

The warrants were valued at $9,195 at December
31, 2015. Due to a decrease in the Company s common stock price from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016, the fair value
of the warrants decreased by $3,030, which resulted in a non-cash gain recorded in the Company s consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
the fair value of the warrants increased by $1,620, due to an increase in the Company s common stock price from June 30,
2016 to September 30, 2016, which resulted in a non-cash loss recorded in the Company s consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss for the period. 

15  

        Table of Contents  

Subsequent events:   

During the fourth quarter through October
30, 2016, the Company received proceeds of $1,825 and issued 488 shares of common stock for the exercise of 488 warrants at an
exercise price of $3.74. 

12. Stock-based Compensation  

See  Note 11, Capitalization and Equity
Structure   Reverse Stock Split . 

The Company s Amended and Restated
2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ) allows for the issuance of an aggregate of 3,714 shares of common stock,
of which 965 are available for future grant as of September 30, 2016. 

The following table summarizes information
about the Company s stock options outstanding at September 30, 2016, and activity during the nine month period then ended: 

As of September 30, 2016, total unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested stock options was $5,360. This amount is expected to be recognized as stock-based compensation
expense in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income over the remaining weighted
average vesting period of 2.8 years. 

The per-share fair value of each stock
option was determined on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

16  

        Table of Contents  

Total stock-based compensation expense
related to options granted to employees and non-employees was included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss as follows: 

In connection with the resignation of the
Company s then Chief Executive Officer in February 2016, the Company accelerated the vesting of options that would have vested
in the subsequent twelve months and extended the exercise period of the resulting options from three months to six years. In addition,
the Company extended the exercise period for an employee that was terminated in March 2016 from three months to one year. These
modifications resulted in incremental stock-based compensation expense of $59 and $774 included in research and development and
general and administrative, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in the condensed consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

13. Income Taxes  

There were no material changes to the unrecognized
tax benefits in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and the Company does not expect significant changes to unrecognized tax
benefits through the end of the fiscal year. Because of the Company s history of tax losses, all years remain open to tax
examination. 

14. Commitments and Contingencies  

Contingencies  

In the normal course of business, the Company
is subject to various legal matters. In the opinion of management, the resolution of such matters will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Material Contracts  

The Company enters into various license,
research collaboration and development agreements which provide for payments to the Company for government grants, fees, cost reimbursements
typically with a markup, technology transfer and license fees, and royalty payments on sales. 

The Company has two license agreements
to maintain exclusive rights to patents. The Company is also required to pay 1% of net sales of products sold to entities other
than the U.S. government. In the event of a sublicense, the Company will owe 21% of license fees and must pass through 1% of the
sub-licensee s net sales of products sold to entities other than the U.S. government. The agreements also stipulate minimum
annual royalties of $50. 

In connection with acquisition of Equipois,
the Company assumed the rights and obligations of Equipois under a license agreement with Garrett Brown, the developer of certain
intellectual property related to mechanical balance and support arm technologies, which grants the Company an exclusive license
with respect to the technology and patent rights for certain fields of use. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement, the
Company will be required to pay Mr. Brown a single-digit royalty on net receipts, subject to a $50 annual minimum royalty requirement. 

The Company entered into a supply agreement
with Equipois to purchase mechanical arm products on a quarterly basis commencing on December 1, 2015 through December 31, 2016,
with a minimum annual price of $157. 

17  

        Table of Contents  

U.S. Food and Drug Administration Clearance  

On April 4, 2016, the Company received
clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to market its Ekso GT robotic exoskeleton for use in the
treatment of individuals with hemiplegia due to stroke, individuals with spinal cord injuries at levels T4 to L5, and individuals
with spinal cord injuries at levels of T3 to C7 (ASIA D), in accordance with the device s labeling. On July 19, 2016, the
Company received clearance from the FDA to expand/clarify the indications and labeling to expressly include individuals with hemiplegia
due to stroke who have upper extremity function of at least 4/5 in only one arm. The Company s prior cleared indications
for use statement required that individuals with hemiplegia due to stroke have upper extremity function of at least 4/5 in both
arms. 

The Company believes that prior to April
4, 2016, the Company s Ekso GT robotic exoskeleton had been appropriately marketed in the United States as a Class I 510(k)
exempt Powered Exercise Equipment device since February 2012. On June 26, 2014, the FDA announced the creation of a new product
classification for Powered Exoskeleton devices. On October 21, 2014, the FDA published the summary for the new Powered Exoskeleton
classification and designated it as being Class II, which requires the clearance of a 510(k) notice. On October 21, 2014, concurrent
with the FDA s publication of the reclassification of Powered Exoskeleton devices, the FDA issued the Company an  Untitled
Letter  which informed the Company in writing of the agency s belief that this new product classification applied to
the Ekso GT device. On December 24, 2014, the Company filed a 510(k) notice for the Ekso robotic exoskeleton which was accepted
by the FDA for substantive review on July 29, 2015. As discussed above, the Company received FDA clearance to market the Ekso GT
in accordance with the device s labeling on April 4, 2016. 

From
September 2, 2015 to September 11, 2015, the Division of Bioresearch Monitoring Center for Devices and Radiological Health of the
FDA conducted an inspection of the Company s facility in Richmond, California. At the conclusion of the inspection, the FDA
issued a Form FDA 483 with four observations. These observations were inspectional and did not represent a final FDA determination
of non-compliance. The observations pertained to informed consent requirements, reporting of adverse results and records maintenance.
On October 2, 2015, the Company responded to the FDA describing the corrective and preventive actions that the Company had implemented
and continued to implement to address the FDA s concerns.  On March 30, 2016, the FDA accepted the Company s
corrective actions for the Form 483 observations that were generated during the FDA s inspection. 

15. Net Loss Per Share  

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and
diluted net loss per share: 

Recognition of previously deferred revenue
and cost of goods in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 reduced net loss applicable to common stockholders by $2,358, or
$0.14 per share (see  Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates   Medical
Device Revenue and Cost of Revenue Recognition ). 

18  

        Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth potential
shares of common stock that are not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per share because to do so would be anti-dilutive
as of the end of each period presented: 

16. Segment Disclosures  

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company
determined industrial sales to be a reportable segment as a result of progress in commercialization and sales of its industrial
devices. We have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor segment performance. 

The Company has three reportable segments,
Medical Devices, Industrial Sales, and Engineering Services. The Medical Devices segment designs and engineers technology for,
and commercializes, manufactures, and sells exoskeletons for applications in the medical markets. The Industrial Sales segment
designs, engineers, commercializes, and sells exoskeleton devices to allow able-bodied users to perform heavy duty work for extended
periods. Engineering Services generates revenue principally from collaborative research and development service arrangements, technology
license agreements, and government grants where the Company uses its robotics domain knowledge in bionic exoskeletons to bid on
and procure contracts and grants from entities such as the National Science Foundation and the Defense Advanced Research Projects
Agency. 

The Company evaluates performance and allocates
resources based on segment gross profit margin. The reportable segments are each managed separately because they serve distinct
markets, and one segment provides a service and the others manufacture and distribute unique products. The Company does not consider
net assets as a segment measure and, accordingly, assets are not allocated. 

Segment reporting information is as follows: 

19  

        Table of Contents  

Geographic information for revenue based
on location of customer is as follows: 

20  

        Table of Contents  

Item 2.  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

You should read the following discussion
of our financial condition and results of operation in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements include all statements other
than statements of historical facts contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including statements regarding  (i)
the plans and objectives of management for future operations, including plans or objectives relating to the design, development
and commercialization of human exoskeletons, (ii) a projection of income (including income/loss), earnings (including earnings/loss)
per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure or other financial items, (iii) our future financial performance,
including any such statement contained in a discussion and analysis of financial condition by management or in the results of operations
included pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, (iv) our beliefs regarding the potential for commercial opportunity
for exoskeleton technology in general and our exoskeleton products in particular, (v) our beliefs regarding potential clinical
and other health benefits of our medical devices, and (vi) the assumptions underlying or relating to any statement described in
points (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above .   The words  may,   might, 
 would,   should,   could,   project,   estimate,   pro-forma, 
 predict,   potential,   strategy,   anticipate,   attempt,   develop, 
 plan,   help,   believe,   continue,   intend,   expect, 
 future,  and similar expressions (including the negative of any of the foregoing) are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. 

The following factors, among others, including
those described in the section titled  Risk Factors  included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking information: 

our ability to obtain or maintain regulatory approval to market the Company s medical devices;   

the anticipated timing, cost and progress of the development and commercialization of new products or services, and improvements
to our existing products, and related impacts on our profitability and cash position;   

our ability to effectively market and sell our products and expand our business, both in unit sales and product diversification;   

our ability to achieve broad customer adoption of our products and services;   

our ability to complete clinical trials on a timely basis and that completed clinical trials will be sufficient to support
commercialization of our products;   

existing or increased competition;   

rapid changes in technological solutions available to our markets;   

volatility with our business, including long and variable sales cycles, which could have a negative impact on our results of
operations for any given quarter;   

our ability to obtain or maintain patent protection for the Company s intellectual property;   

the scope, validity and enforceability of our and third party intellectual property rights;   

significant government regulation of medical devices and the healthcare industry;   

our customers  ability to get third party reimbursement for our products and services associated with them;   

our failure to implement our business plan or strategies;   

our ability to retain or attract key employees;   

our ability to obtain adequate financing to fund operations and to develop or enhance our technology;   

stock volatility or illiquidity;   

our ability to maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting; and   

overall economic and market conditions.   

Although
we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements and forward-looking information contained herein are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore such statements and information included in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q may not prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements
and forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such statements and information should not be regarded as a representation
by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements and information or that our objectives and
plans will be achieved.  Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by
law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such
statements. 

21  

        Table of Contents  

Overview  

Ekso Bionics designs, develops and sells
exoskeletons that have applications in healthcare, industrial, military, and consumer markets. Our exoskeleton systems are worn
over the user s clothing to enhance human strength, endurance and mobility. These systems serve multiple markets and can
be used both by able-bodied users as well as by persons with physical disabilities. We or our partners have sold, rented or leased
devices that (a) enable individuals with neurological conditions affecting gait (for example, spinal cord injury or stroke) to
rehabilitate and to walk again; (b) allow industrial workers to perform heavy duty work for extended periods; and (c) permit soldiers
to carry heavy loads for long distances while mitigating lower back, knee, and ankle injuries. 

Our long-term goal is to have one million
persons stand and walk in Ekso exoskeletons by February 2022. The first step to achieving that goal is for us to focus on selling
our medical exoskeletons to rehabilitation centers and hospitals in the United States and Europe. Ekso Bionics began that effort
with the February 2012 sale of the first Ekso, an exoskeleton for complete spinal cord injuries ( SCI ). We have expanded
that effort with the launch of our Variable Assist software and the announcement of our newest hardware platform, Ekso GT. The
Variable Assist software enables users with any amount of lower extremity strength to contribute their own power for either leg
to achieve self-initiated walking. The Ekso GT builds on the experience of the Ekso and incorporates Variable Assist, allowing
us to expand our sales and marketing efforts beyond SCI-focused centers to centers supporting stroke and related neurological patients.
In the U.S. there are about 5.9 million stroke and SCI rehabilitation sessions conducted on about 680,000 stroke and SCI patients
at 16,900 facilities. Globally, there are an estimated 50,000 rehabilitation facilities. 

In parallel to the development and early
commercialization of medical exoskeletons, we have begun to work on the commercialization of exoskeletons for able-bodied users,
specifically for industrial and construction applications. 

As the Company continues to develop, commercialize,
and market its various exoskeleton technologies, the Company may seek to establish new strategic relationships with third parties. 
Potential relationships may be in the form of technology or product development agreements, sales or distribution agreements, equity
investments, or license agreements. 

Clinical Update  

The Company s strategy continues
to be to expand clinical data associated with robotic exoskeleton use and, in particular, the Company s Ekso GT. To that
end, in the second quarter of 2016, the Company initiated its first company-sponsored clinical trial, which is led by Professor
Dylan Edwards, Ph.D., P.T., of The Burke Medical Research Institute. The study, entitled WISE (Walking Improvement for SCI with
Exoskeletons), evaluates improvement in independent gait speeds of SCI patients undergoing rehabilitation with the Ekso GT and
compares it to both conventional therapy and a control group. The US-based, multi-center study seeks to enroll approximately 160
community dwelling people with chronic incomplete SCI. 

In addition, the Company plans to provide
support to two separate registries in Canada and the United States with the intent to gather data on the commercial use of the
Ekso GT. The Company may be able to use data from the registries to identify potential expanded indications for use and to support
the Company s efforts to build the economic case for reimbursement of the Ekso GT. The Company also continues to work with
investigators who have independently initiated large clinical trials to study the use of the Ekso GT, including: a Kessler Foundation
study that is enrolling acute stroke patients in a grant-funded randomized, controlled trial with the goal of demonstrating the
benefits of early intervention with gait therapy using the Ekso GT; a study by the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago focusing
on the clinical efficacy of the Ekso GT in both SCI and stroke survivors; a study being conducted by nine European rehabilitation
centers working in collaboration to study the progression of SCI patients over 8 weeks of therapy; and a study being conducted
by the Moritz Klink entitled The MOST Study (Mobility improved after stroke when a robotic device was used in comparison to physical
therapy) investigating the impact of gait training with the Ekso GT  on functional independence of 80 patients with impaired
gait as a consequence of stroke when compared to conventional physiotherapy alone. 

22  

        Table of Contents  

Sales and Marketing Update   

In conjunction with our FDA clearance in
April 2016, including a label that includes patients with hemiplegia due to stroke, we completed a full review of our sales and
marketing efforts. We have begun to broaden the launch of our Ekso GT and our go-to-market plan in the U.S. and in Europe, including
an increase in marketing campaigns to educate the market on the benefits of stroke rehabilitation using exoskeletons, arranging
product demonstrations with stakeholders at our target customers, and expanding our sales team. 

Regulatory Update  

On April 4, 2016, the Company received
clearance from the FDA to market its Ekso GT robotic exoskeleton for use in the treatment of individuals with hemiplegia due to
stroke, individuals with spinal cord injuries at levels T4 to L5, and individuals with spinal cord injuries at levels of T3 to
C7 (ASIA D), in accordance with the device s labeling. On July 19, 2016, the Company received clearance from the FDA to expand/clarify
the indications and labeling to expressly include individuals with hemiplegia due to stroke who have upper extremity function of
at least 4/5 in only one arm. The Company s prior cleared indications for use statement required that individuals with hemiplegia
due to stroke have upper extremity function of at least 4/5 in both arms. 

The U.S. government regulates the medical device industry through various agencies, including but not limited to, the FDA, which
administers the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes (Class I, II
or III) based on the degree of risk the FDA determines to be associated with a device and the extent of control deemed necessary
to ensure the device s safety and effectiveness. Devices requiring fewer controls because they are deemed to pose lower risk
are placed in Class I or II. Class I devices are deemed to pose the least risk and are subject only to general controls applicable
to all devices, such as requirements for device labeling, premarket notification, and adherence to the FDA s current good
manufacturing practice requirements, as reflected in its Quality System Regulation ( QSR ). Class II devices are intermediate
risk devices that are subject to general controls and may also be subject to special controls such as performance standards, product-specific
guidance documents, special labeling requirements, patient registries or post-market surveillance. Class III devices are those
for which insufficient information exists to assure safety and effectiveness solely through general or special controls, and include
life-sustaining, life-supporting, or implantable devices, and devices not  substantially equivalent  to a device that
is already legally marketed. Most Class I devices, and some Class II devices are exempted by regulation from the 510(k) clearance
requirement and can be marketed without prior authorization from FDA. Class I and Class II devices that have not been so exempted
are eligible for marketing through the 510(k) clearance pathway. By contrast, devices placed in Class III generally require premarket
approval, or PMA, prior to commercial marketing. 

To obtain 510(k) clearance for a medical
device, an applicant must submit a premarket notification application to the FDA demonstrating that the device is  substantially
equivalent  to a predicate device, which is typically a legally marketed Class II device in the United States. A device is
substantially equivalent to a predicate device if it has the same intended use and (i) the same technological characteristics,
or (ii) has different technological characteristics and the information submitted demonstrates that the device is as safe and effective
as a legally marketed device and does not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness. 

The Company believes that prior to April
4, 2016, the Company s Ekso GT robotic exoskeleton had been appropriately marketed as a Class I 510(k) exempt Powered Exercise
Equipment device since February 2012. On June 26, 2014, the FDA announced the creation of a new product classification for Powered
Exoskeleton devices. On October 21, 2014, the FDA published the summary for the new Powered Exoskeleton classification and designated
it as being Class II, which requires the clearance of a 510(k) notice. 

On October 21, 2014, concurrent with the
FDA s publication of the reclassification of Powered Exoskeleton devices, the FDA issued the Company an  Untitled Letter 
which informed the Company in writing of the agency s belief that this new product classification applied to our Ekso GT
device. On December 24, 2014, the Company filed a 510(k) notice for the Ekso robotic exoskeleton, which was accepted by the FDA
for substantive review on July 29, 2015. As discussed above, the Company received FDA clearance to market its Ekso GT in accordance
with the device s labeling on April 4, 2016. 

23  

        Table of Contents  

From
September 2, 2015 to September 11, 2015, the Division of Bioresearch Monitoring Center for Devices and Radiological Health of the
FDA conducted an inspection of the Company s facility in Richmond, California. At the conclusion of the inspection, the FDA
issued a Form FDA 483 with observations pertained to informed consent requirements, reporting of events to FDA, and records maintenance.
These observations were inspectional and did not represent a final FDA determination of non-compliance. On October 2, 2015, the
Company responded to the FDA describing the corrective and preventive actions that the Company had implemented and continued to
implement to address the FDA s observations.  Due to the nature of the findings, the Company does not expect that
the Form FDA 483 will result in a warning letter or other action that could interfere with the Company s operations. On March
30, 2016, the FDA accepted the Company s corrective actions for the Form 483 observations that were generated during the
FDA inspection. 

Since July 1, 2015, we have been informed
of seven events with respect to our Ekso GT devices that are reportable pursuant to the FDA s medical device reporting, or
MDR, regulations. There were no reported patient injuries related to any of these events, and in each case we have filed the required
adverse event reports with the FDA. We have analyzed the root causes of these issues and have improved the design and strengthened
our manufacturing processes as a result.  In addition, we have proactively adjusted the device
maintenance schedules based on field usage to address these issues.  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations is based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates,
judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe
are reasonable under the circumstances. Our estimates form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

An accounting policy is considered to be
critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time
the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimate that
are reasonably likely to occur, could materially impact the condensed consolidated financial statements. We believe that our critical
accounting policies reflect the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

The Company builds medical device robotic
exoskeletons for sale and capitalizes into inventory materials, direct and indirect labor, and overhead in connection with the
manufacture and assembly of these units. 

When the Company brought its first version
medical device to market in 2012, the Company could not be certain as to the costs it would incur to support, maintain, service
and upgrade these early stage devices. Primarily for this reason, prior to January 1, 2016, the sale of a device, associated software,
initial training, and extended support and maintenance were deemed as a single unit of accounting due to the uncertainty of the
Company s follow-up maintenance and upgrade expenses, which were forecast to extend over three years. Accordingly, the revenue
from the sales of the device and associated cost of revenue were deferred at the time of shipment. Upon completion of training,
such amounts were recognized as revenue and cost of revenue over a three year period on a straight line basis, while all service
expenses, whether or not covered by the Company s original warranty, extended warranty contracts, or neither, were recognized
as incurred.  

24  

        Table of Contents  

Effective January 1, 2016, the Company
determined it had established (i) separate individual pricing for training, extended warranty coverage, and out-of-contract service
or repairs, (ii) sufficient historical evidence of customer buying patterns for extended warranty and maintenance coverage, and
(iii) a basis for estimating and recording warranty and service costs to allow the Company to bifurcate its sales transactions
into two separate units of accounting: (1) the device, associated software, original manufacturer warranty and training if required,
and (2) extended support and maintenance. The Company has therefore now begun to recognize revenue related to its sales transactions
on a multiple element approach in which revenue is recognized upon the delivery of the separate elements to the customer. Revenue
relating to the undelivered elements is deferred using the relative selling price method, which allocates revenue to each element
using the estimated selling prices for the deliverables when vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence is not
available. For sales on or after January 1, 2016, revenue and associated cost of revenue of medical devices will be recognized
when delivered, or when training has been completed, if required. Revenue for extended maintenance and support agreements
will be recognized on a straight line basis over the contractual term of the agreement, which typically ranges from one to four
years. As a result of this change, the Company recognized medical device revenue previously deferred at December 31, 2015 of $6.5
million and associated cost of revenue of $4.2 million, resulting in additional gross profit, reduction in net loss from operations,
and reduction of net loss applicable to common stockholders of $2.4 million in its results of operations for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016.  In addition, the Company recorded $0.2 million for warranty expense and a one-time charge of $0.9 million
for a planned preventative maintenance and upgrade program associated with the devices it had sold prior to 2016 at the same time.  

25  

        Table of Contents  

Results of Operations   

The following table presents our results of operations for the
three month period ended September 30 (in thousands): 

The following table presents our results of operations for the
nine month period ended September 30 (in thousands): 

26  

        Table of Contents  

Revenue   

For the three months ended September 30,
2016:  

Device and related revenue was $1.5 million
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. This amount includes $0.9 million for medical device sales during the period, $0.2 million
of medical device service revenue, and $0.4 million for industrial sales. Device and related revenue was $1.1 million for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. This amount includes $0.9 million of previously deferred medical device revenue that was recognized during
the period and $0.2 million of medical device service revenue. See Note 2 in the notes to our condensed consolidated financial
statements under the caption  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates   Medical
Device Revenue and Cost of Revenue Recognition  for a discussion on the Company s 2016 change in an accounting estimate
related to revenue recognition. 

Engineering service revenue was $0.1 million
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.8 million for the same period in the prior year. This result reflects the
strategic decision earlier in the year to shift our engineering resources away from billable engineering services and to the Company s
internal development efforts both for our next generation home/wellness device and for able-bodied industrial offerings. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016:  

Device and related revenue was $11.0 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. Contributing
to this revenue was $6.5 million of previously deferred revenue that was recognized as a result of a change of an accounting estimate
related to revenue recognition. Revenue also includes $3.2 million of revenue derived from medical device sales during the period,
$0.6 million of medical device service revenues, and $0.7 million of industrial sales revenue. Device and related revenue was $3.1
million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. This amount includes $2.6 million of previously deferred medical device
revenue that was recognized during the period and $0.5 million of medical device service revenue. See Note 2 in the notes to our
condensed consolidated financial statements under the caption  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
and Estimates   Medical Device Revenue and Cost of Revenue Recognition.  

In conjunction with the aforementioned
shift in focus of engineering efforts, engineering services revenue was $0.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a $3.0
million decrease when compared to the same period in the prior year. 

27  

        Table of Contents  

Gross Profit   

For the three months ended September
30, 2016:  

Gross profit for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of $0.4 million was primarily derived from device and
related revenue. This amount includes a gross profit of $0.3 million from medical device sales and service and gross profit of
$0.1 million from industrial sales. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016:  

Gross profit for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $2.1 million, of which $1.9 million was attributable to device and related revenue. Medical device sales
gross profit primarily includes $2.4 million from our change in accounting estimate for shipments made prior to January 1, 2016
and $1.3 million for medical device sales made in 2016, offset primarily by $0.9 million of maintenance and $0.2 million of warranty
expenses, both of which relate to devices sold prior to 2016. See Note 2 in the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements
under the caption  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates   Medical Device
Revenue and Cost of Revenue Recognition.  

Operating Expenses   

For the three months ended September 30,
2016:  

Sales and marketing expenses increased $0.4
million, or 15%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period of 2015 primarily due to a $0.3 million
increase in costs associated with our sales and marketing efforts related to our industrial products. 

Research and development expenses increased
$0.5 million, or 29%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period of 2015 due to the shift of our
resources away from billable engineering services to internal development efforts of our next generation of products. 

General and administrative expenses increased
$0.8 million, or 49%, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period of 2015, primarily due to an increase
of $0.3 million of employee compensation expenses, $0.2 million related to a decrease in absorption of operating direct and indirect
costs into inventory, $0.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization primarily related to acquiring assets from Equipois
in December 2015, and $0.1 million related to the NASDAQ uplisting. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016:  

Sales and marketing expenses increased $1.4 million, or 21%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in 2015. The increase is primarily due to an increase of $0.8 million in compensation expense. The
use of marketing consultants also contributed to an increase of $0.4 million. 

Research and development expenses increased $2.1 million, or
48%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase was primarily driven
by $1.3 million related to the aforementioned shift of resources to internal development efforts, $0.8 million related to developing
our industrial business, and $0.2 million of non-cash stock-based compensation expenses. 

General and administrative expenses increased
$3.2 million, or 62%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily
driven by an increase of $2.1 million in employee compensation expense, which included a non-cash stock-based compensation expense
increase of $1.0 million and one-time severance expense of $0.3 million. Stock-based compensation expense included a one-time $0.8
million non-cash charge related to the modification of stock options previously granted to our former Chief Executive Officer.
Depreciation and amortization expenses in general and administrative expenses increased $0.5 million, primarily related to acquiring
assets from Equipois in December 2015. A decrease in absorption of direct and indirect operating costs contributed $0.3 million
to the increase. 

28  

        Table of Contents  

The increase in operating expenses in sales
and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative was primarily the result of the Company s effort to
build its team and capabilities and expand commercialization efforts for its medical and industrial device businesses. Specifically,
in conjunction with the Company s receipt of clearance from the FDA, we began to grow our sales and marketing team and we
also initiated our first company-sponsored clinical trial in order to gather clinical data to support marketing and build the economic
case for reimbursement of the Ekso GT. In addition, the Company made a strategic decision earlier in the year to shift almost all
of our engineering talent away from engineering services and to Ekso internal development efforts both for our next generation
home/wellness device and for able-bodied industrial offerings, which also contributed to the increase in operating expenses. 

Other Income (Expense), Net   

Other income (expense) reflects a non-cash
loss on the revaluation of the common stock warrants issued in December 2015 of $1.6 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and a non-cash gain of $3.0 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 with no comparable amounts in the
prior periods. See Note 11 on our condensed consolidated financial statements under the caption,  Capitalization and Equity Structure
  Warrants  for a description of the warrants, including the method and inputs used to estimate their fair value. 

Preferred Deemed Dividend   

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, 3,867 shares of convertible preferred stock were converted to 980,594 shares of common stock, and during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, 13,263 shares of convertible preferred stock were converted to 2,309,531 shares of common stock. The
conversions resulted in the recognition of non-cash preferred stock dividends of $3.0 million and $10.3 million for the three and
nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. See Note 11 on our condensed consolidated financial statements under
the caption,  Capitalization and Equity Structure   Convertible Preferred Stock  for additional information. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Since the Company s inception, we
have devoted substantially all of our efforts toward the development of exoskeletons for the medical, military and industrial markets,
toward the commercialization of our medical exoskeletons to rehabilitation centers and toward raising capital. Accordingly,
we are considered to be in the early commercialization stage. We have financed our operations primarily through the issuance and
sale of equity securities for cash consideration and convertible and promissory notes, as well as from government research grant
awards and strategic collaboration payments. 

Cash and Working Capital  

Since the Company s inception, we
have incurred recurring net losses and negative cash flows from operations. The Company incurred net losses of $17.9 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $19.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

In addition, our operating activities used
$20.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and $18.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Largely as a result of significant research
and development activities related to the development of the Company s advanced technology and commercialization of this
technology into its medical device business, the Company has incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from
operations since inception. The Company has also recognized significant non-cash losses associated with the revaluation of certain
securities, which have also contributed significantly to its accumulated deficit. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an
accumulated deficit of $109.3 million. 

29  

        Table of Contents  

Cash on hand at September 30, 2016 was
$12.8 million, compared to $19.6 million at December 31, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company used $20.6
million of cash in operations, compared to $13.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in cash used
was driven by general increases in operating expenses such as selling, marketing and research and development, as the Company continues
to build its team and capabilities and commercialize its medical and industrial device businesses. The increase also includes a
one-time increase in inventory, as well as some investment in certain inventory which is expected to reverse over the next few
quarters. 

Based upon the Company s current
cash resources, which include cash received from the exercise of warrants since September 30, 2016, the recent rate of using cash
for operations and investment, and assuming modest increases in current revenue offset by incremental increases in expenses related
to increased sales and marketing and research and development, and a potential increase in rental activity from its medical device
business, the Company believes it has sufficient resources to meet its financial obligations into the second quarter of 2017. The
Company will require significant additional financing. The Company intends to pursue opportunities to obtain additional financing
in the future through public or private equity and/or debt financings, corporate collaborations, or warrant solicitations.   

The Company s actual capital requirements
may vary significantly and will depend on many factors. For example, the Company plans to continue to increase its investments
(i) in its clinical, sales and marketing initiatives to accelerate adoption of the Ekso robotic exoskeleton in the rehabilitation
market, (ii) in its research, development and commercialization activities with respect to an Ekso robotic exoskeleton for home
use, and/or (iii) in the development and commercialization of able-bodied exoskeletons for industrial use. Consequently, the Company
will require significant additional financing in the future, which the Company intends to raise through corporate collaborations,
public or private equity offerings, debt financings, or warrant solicitations. Sales of additional equity securities by us could
result in the dilution of the interests of existing stockholders. There can be no assurance that financing will be available when
required in sufficient amounts, on acceptable terms or at all. In the event that the necessary additional financing is not obtained,
the Company may be required to reduce its discretionary overhead costs substantially, including research and development, general
and administrative, and sales and marketing expenses or otherwise curtail operations. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The following table summarizes the sources
and uses of cash for the periods stated (in thousands). The Company held no cash equivalents for any of the periods presented. 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities  

Net cash used in operations for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was driven by our $17.9 million operating loss, offset by $3.9 million in non-cash charges primarily
related to depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation expense, and a $3.0 million non-cash gain from the revaluation
of warrants issued in December 2015. In addition, our change in accounting estimate related to our revenue recognition policy that
occurred during the first quarter of the year resulted in a non-cash gain of $6.5 million of previously deferred revenue, offset
by non-cash charges of $4.2 million of previously deferred cost of revenues, $0.9 million of accrued maintenance and $0.2 million
of accrued warranty costs. 

30  

        Table of Contents  

Net cash used in operations for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 was driven by our $14.9 million operating loss, offset by $1.9 million in non-cash charges related
to depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation expense. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities  

Net cash used in investing activities of
$0.7 million and $1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, was primarily to acquire property
and equipment, including expansion of our company-owned fleet of Ekso units used for demonstrations and loaned to current customers. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities  

The net cash provided by financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $14.5 million consisted of $14.7 million proceeds from the issuance of common stock,
offset by $0.2 million of expenses related to the December 2015 issuance of convertible preferred stock. 

The net cash provided by financing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $0.1 million was primarily from the exercise of common stock warrants and options. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments  

The following table summarizes our outstanding
contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016, and the effect those obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash
flows in future periods (in thousands): 

The amount noted above as Equipois supply
agreement reflects the minimum purchase amount under the agreement, with a maximum purchase amount that may be due of $0.5 million.
The agreement is set to expire on December 31, 2016, unless mutually extended by the parties. 

In addition to the table above, which reflects
only fixed payment obligations, we have two license agreements to maintain exclusive rights to certain patents. Under these license
agreements, we are required to pay 1% of net sales of products sold to entities other than the U.S. government. In the event of
a sublicense, we will owe 21% of license fees and must pass through 1% of the sub-licensee s net sales of products sold to
entities other than the U.S. government. The license agreements also stipulate minimum annual royalties of $50,000 per year. 

In connection with our acquisition of Equipois
in December 2015, we assumed the rights and obligations of Equipois under a license agreement with Garrett Brown, the developer
of certain intellectual property related to mechanical balance and support arm technologies, which grants the Company an exclusive
license with respect to the technology and patent rights for certain fields of use. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement,
the Company will be required to pay Mr. Brown a single-digit royalty on net receipts, subject to a $50,000 annual minimum royalty
requirement. 

31  

        Table of Contents  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market
Risk  

We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our
business, including inflation risks. 

We do not believe that inflation has had
a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to become subject to significant
inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure
to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, we conduct business in foreign
countries and have subsidiaries based in the United Kingdom and Germany. Accordingly, we are exposed to exchange rate risk. See
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   

Our management, with the participation
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ))
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in reports filed by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required
time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

It should be noted that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management
necessarily applies its judgment and makes assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.  Management
believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting   

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

32  

        Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 5. Other Information  

On November 5, 2016, the Company entered into
an amendment to its lease agreement with FPOC, LLC with respect to its Richmond headquarters (the  Amendment ). Pursuant
to the Amendment, the term of the existing lease will be extended for a period of five years, commencing June 1, 2017 and expiring
May 31, 2022. A copy of the Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.38 and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing
description of the terms of the Amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets; 

unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss; 

unaudited condensed consolidated statement of cash flows; 

notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements; 

*   Filed herewith 

33  

        Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

EKSO BIONICS HOLDINGS, INC.    

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Thomas Looby   

Thomas Looby   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Maximilian Scheder-Bieschin   

Maximilian Scheder-Bieschin   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

34  

<EX-10.38>
 2
 v451418_ex10-38.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.38

Exhibit 10.38  

second      
AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT    

THIS  second 
AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT (this  Amendment ) is made as of November 5, 2016, between FPOC, LLC, a California limited
liability company (hereinafter called  Landlord ), and Ekso Bionics, Inc., a Delaware corporation formerly known as Berkeley
Bionics, Inc. (hereinafter called  Tenant ), having a place of business at 1414 Harbour Way So., Suite 1201, Richmond,
California 94804 (the  Premises ). 

RECITALS:  

A.  Landlord is the owner of the office building located at
1414 Harbour Way So., Richmond, California 94804, and commonly known as The Ford Building (the  Building ). 

B.    Tenant is the tenant of the
Building pursuant to a Lease Agreement with Landlord dated November 29, 2011,   as amended
by a First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated March 28, 2012 (as so amended, the  Lease ).  

C.  On or about December 8, 2011, Tenant changed its name from
 Berkeley Bionics, Inc.  to  Ekso Bionics, Inc.  and subsequently reconstituted itself as a Delaware corporation
as a result of a January 15, 2014 merger. 

D.  Landlord and Tenant desire to modify the Lease in certain
respects to provide for, among other things, the renewal of the Lease term pursuant to Tenant s exercise of its Option to
Renew as set forth in Exhibit E to the Lease. 

AGREEMENT:  

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
as follows: 

1.           Capitalized
Terms; Incorporation of Recitals .  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed
to them in the Lease. The recitals set forth above are incorporated by reference in this Amendment with the same force and effect
as if repeated at length. 

2.           Option
Term  . Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that the Term of the Lease shall be extended for an additional five (5) years, commencing
June 1, 2017 and expiring May 31, 2022 ( Extended Term ), on all of the same terms and conditions contained in the
Lease except as otherwise provided in this Amendment. 

3.           Rent
During Option Term .  The Base Rent payable by Tenant for the Premises shall be $32,177.52 per month during the first year
of the Extended Term. Thereafter, Base Rent shall increase by three percent (3%) per annum, as follows: 

1   

Effective June 1, 2017 until June 30, 2017,
Tenant will receive a one-time credit in the amount $10,000.00 towards the Monthly Base Rent as reflected in the above schedule. 

4.           Tenant
Improvements.   Tenant acknowledges and agrees that Landlord is under no obligation to make any improvements or other modifications
to the Premises and Tenant is entering into this Amendment on said basis and accepting the Premises in its  AS-IS 
condition; however, Landlord at Landlord s cost shall extend the sheetrock to the ceiling at the two dressing rooms, as outlined
on Exhibit A, within the Premises. 

5.           Cancellation.  
In the event Landlord chooses to raze the Project or in the event the Project is under contract to be sold or in the event all
or substantially all of the Project is leased to one tenant during the term of this Lease, Landlord may cancel this Lease and terminate
Tenant s right of occupancy hereunder by giving nine (9) months written notice of such cancellation to Tenant. Within ten
(10) days after Tenant vacates the Premises, provided, (1) Tenant is not then in default under the terms of the Lease, and (2)
Tenant has vacated the Premises within the aforesaid nine (9) month period, Landlord shall pay to Tenant a sum equal to the total
of three (3) months Monthly Rent, the remaining unamortized cost of leasehold improvements installed by Tenant (amortized over
a period not to exceed the length of the term of the Lease), and any remaining security deposit; upon the payment of which, each
party shall be released from further obligation to the other. 

6.           Relocation.  
For the purpose of maintaining a proper and acceptable economic distribution of tenants throughout the Project, Landlord shall
have the right during the term of this Lease to relocate the Premises within the Project on the following terms and conditions:
(a) the square footage of the Premises in the new location is equal to the square footage of the Premises in the existing location
(subject to a variation of up to ten percent (10%), provided the amount of Monthly Rent payable under this Lease is not increased);
(b) if the prevailing rental rate for the new location is less than the amount being paid for the present location, the Rent shall
be reduced to equal the then prevailing Rent for the new location; (c) Landlord shall pay the cost of providing tenant improvements
in the new location comparable to the tenant improvements in the existing location; (d) Landlord shall pay the expenses reasonably
incurred by Tenant in connection with such substitution of Premises, including but not limited to costs of moving, door lettering,
telephone relocation and reasonable quantities of new stationery. Landlord shall deliver to Tenant written notice of Landlord s
election to relocate the Premises, specifying the new location and the amount of Rent payable therefor at least nine (9) months
prior to the date the relocation is to be effective.      

2   

7.           California
Civil Code Disclosure.   In accordance with California Civil Code Section 1938, Landlord hereby discloses that, as of the
date of this Lease, the Project has not been inspected by a Certified Access Specialist (CASp). 

8.           Continued
Enforceability  . The parties acknowledge and agree that the Lease remains in full force and effect, unchanged except as
expressly provided for in this Amendment. This Amendment and the Lease shall be read together as one document. In the event of
any conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the terms of the Lease, the terms of this Amendment shall govern. 

9.           Governing
Law  . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 

10.          Further
Modifications  . This Amendment may only be modified pursuant to a written agreement signed by all of the parties hereto. 

11.          Entire
Agreement  . This Amendment and the documents described herein contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto with
respect to the matters described herein and supersede all prior agreements, oral or written, between the parties hereto with respect
to such matters. 

12.          Counterparts  .
This Amendment may be executed in several counterparts and all so executed shall constitute one agreement, binding upon all of
the parties hereto, notwithstanding that all of the parties are not signatories to the same counterpart. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

LANDLORD:  
       
      TENANT:   
 
      FPOC, LLC  
       
      EKSO bionics, inc.   
 
      A California limited liability company  
       
      A Delaware corporation   

By:  

J.R. Orton, III  
       
      By:  

Manager  
       
      Name:  

Title:  

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

3   

EXHIBIT A  

  TENANT IMPROVEMENT  

4   

</EX-10.38>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v451418_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Thomas Looby, certify that: 

(1)  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc.;   

(2)  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

(3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as
of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

(4)  The company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company
and have :   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the company s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting; and   

(5)  The company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company s auditors and the audit committee of the company s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the company s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/Thomas Looby  

Thomas Looby  

Principal Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v451418_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Maximilian Scheder-Bieschin, certify
that: 

(1)  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc.;   

(2)  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

(3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as
of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

(4)  The company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company
and have :   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the company s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting; and   

(5)  The company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company s auditors and the audit committee of the company s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the company s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Maximilian Scheder-Bieschin  

Maximilian Scheder-Bieschin  

Principal Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v451418_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION
BY THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350  

In connection
with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), for the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Thomas Looby, President
and Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/Thomas Looby  

Thomas Looby  

Principal Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v451418_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION
BY THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350  

In connection
with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), for the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Maximilian Scheder-Bieschin,
Chief Financial Officer and principal financial officer, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Maximilian Scheder-Bieschin  

Maximilian Scheder-Bieschin  

Principal Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 ekso-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ekso-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ekso-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ekso-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ekso-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ekso-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

