<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1323648_0001144204-16-132404_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14969268</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120043</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>473757</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4002343</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7199200</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2992019</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>99</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132404.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108155530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132404
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Community Bankers Trust Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001323648
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				202652949
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32590
		FILM NUMBER:		161981228

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9954 MAYLAND DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2100
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23233
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(804) 934-9999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9954 MAYLAND DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2100
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23233

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Community Bankers Trust CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080603

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Community Bankers Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050413

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132404.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 v451017_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.
C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

Commission File
Number: 001-32590  

COMMUNITY BANKERS
TRUST CORPORATION  

  (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)  

(804) 934-9999  

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

n/a  

  (Former name,
former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes      No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes     No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
       
     Accelerated filer                        

Non-accelerated filer       
      
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
     Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes      No     

At September 30, 2016,
there were 21,947,466 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding. 

COMMUNITY BANKERS
TRUST CORPORATION  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 FORM 10-Q 

 September 30, 2016 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

Unaudited Consolidated Balance
    Sheets  
     3  
 
      Unaudited Consolidated Statements
    of Income (Loss)  
     4  
 
      Unaudited Consolidated Statements
    of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
     5  
 
      Unaudited Consolidated Statements
    of Changes in Shareholders  Equity  
     6  
 
      Unaudited Consolidated Statements
    of Cash Flows  
     7  
 
      Notes to Unaudited Consolidated
    Financial Statements  
     8  
 
      Item 2. Management s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     31  
 
      Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
    Disclosures About Market Risk  
     45  
 
      Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
     46  
 
      PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
     47  
 
      Item 1A. Risk Factors  
     47  
 
      Item 2. Unregistered Sales of
    Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     47  
 
      Item 3. Defaults upon Senior
    Securities  
     47  
 
      Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
     47  
 
      Item 5. Other Information  
     47  
 
      Item 6. Exhibits  
     47  
 
      SIGNATURES  
     48  

PART I  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Financial
Statements   

COMMUNITY
BANKERS TRUST CORPORATION  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS  

  AS OF SEPTEMBER
30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31, 2015  

  (dollars in thousands)  

See accompanying
notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

COMMUNITY
BANKERS TRUST CORPORATION  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS)  

  FOR THE THREE
AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

  (dollars and shares
in thousands, except per share data)  

See accompanying
notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

COMMUNITY
BANKERS TRUST CORPORATION  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  

  FOR THE THREE
AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

  (dollars in thousands)  

See accompanying
notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

COMMUNITY
BANKERS TRUST CORPORATION  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  

  FOR THE NINE MONTHS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

  (dollars and shares
in thousands)  

See accompanying
notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

COMMUNITY
BANKERS TRUST CORPORATION  

  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  FOR THE NINE MONTHS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

  (dollars in thousands)  

See accompanying
notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

COMMUNITY
BANKERS TRUST CORPORATION  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1. Nature of Banking Activities
and Significant Accounting Policies  

Organization    

Community Bankers
Trust Corporation (the  Company ) is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and is the holding company for Essex Bank
(the  Bank ), a Virginia state bank with 23 full-service offices in Virginia and Maryland. The Bank also operates
one loan production office in Virginia. 

The Bank engages
in a general commercial banking business and provides a wide range of financial services primarily to individuals and small businesses,
including individual and commercial demand and time deposit accounts, commercial and industrial loans, consumer and small business
loans, real estate and mortgage loans, investment services, on-line and mobile banking products, and safe deposit box facilities. 

Financial Statements    

The
consolidated statements presented include accounts of the Company and the Bank, its wholly-owned subsidiary. All material
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. The statements should be read in conjunction with the
Company s consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in
the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The accounting and reporting
policies of the Company conform to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and to the general practices within
the banking industry. The interim financial statements have not been audited; however, in the opinion of management, all
adjustments, consisting of normal accruals, were made that are necessary to present fairly the balance sheet of the Company
as of September 30, 2016, the statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and the statements of changes in shareholders  equity and cash flows for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. Results for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

The financial information
contained within the statements is, to a significant extent, financial information that is based on measures of the financial
effects of transactions and events that have already occurred. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained
when either earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset or relieving a liability. The Company uses historical
loss factors as one factor in determining the inherent loss that may be present in its loan portfolio. Actual losses could differ
significantly from the historical factors that the Company uses. In addition, GAAP itself may change from one previously acceptable
method to another method. Although the economics of the Company s transactions would be the same, the timing of events that
would impact its transactions could change. 

In preparing these
financial statements, the Company has evaluated subsequent events and transactions for potential recognition or disclosure through
the date the financial statements were issued. 

Certain reclassifications
have been made to prior period balances to conform to the current year presentations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

In March 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The amendments are intended to improve the accounting
for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified, including:  (a)  income tax consequences;
 (b)  classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and  (c)  classification on the statement of cash flows.
The only amendment to potentially impact earnings is the one relating to income tax consequences, which refers to a change in
the recording of the related tax effects of share-based compensation awards. Currently, an entity must determine for each award
whether the difference between the deduction for tax purposes and the compensation cost recognized for financial reporting purposes
results in either an excess tax benefit or a tax deficiency. Excess tax benefits are recognized in additional paid-in capital
while tax deficiencies are recognized as income tax expense. Under the amendment, all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies
should be recognized as income tax benefit or expense in the income statement. 

For public companies,
the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.
Early adoption is permitted for any organization in any interim or annual period. The Company does not expect the adoption of
this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

Also in March 2016,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07,  Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to
the Equity Method of Accounting.  The amendments affect all entities that have an investment that becomes qualified for the
equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence. The amendments
eliminate the requirement that, when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level
of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings
retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment
had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the
investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of
the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting,
no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. 

The amendments are
effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016.
The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree
of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application is permitted. The Company does not expect the
adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments.  The ASU is intended to improve financial reporting by requiring timelier recording of credit losses on loans
and other financial instruments held by financial institutions and other organizations. The ASU requires the measurement of all
expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and
reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information
in developing their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although
the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. Organizations will continue to
use judgment to determine which loss estimation method is appropriate for their circumstances. The ASU requires enhanced disclosures
to help investors and other financial statement users better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating
credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an organization s portfolio. These disclosures
include qualitative and quantitative requirements that provide additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial
statements. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial
assets with credit deterioration. 

For public companies,
the ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019 (i.e.,
January 1, 2020, for calendar year entities). Early application will be permitted for all organizations for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is evaluating what impact adopting this
guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2. Securities  

Amortized costs and
fair values of securities available for sale and held to maturity at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows
 ( dollars in thousands): 

The amortized cost
and fair value of securities at September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from
contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations without any penalties. 

Proceeds from sales
of securities available for sale were $22.2 million and $19.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and $93.7 million and $75.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Gains
and losses on the sale of securities are determined using the specific identification method. Gross realized gains and losses
on sales of securities available for sale during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (dollars
in thousands): 

In estimating other
than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses, management considers the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been
less than cost, the financial condition and short-term prospects for the issuer, and the intent and ability of management to hold
its investment for a period of time to allow a recovery in fair value. There were no investments held that had OTTI losses for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The fair value and
gross unrealized losses for securities, segregated by the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous
gross unrealized loss position, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

The unrealized losses
(impairments) in the investment portfolio at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are generally a result of market fluctuations
that occur daily. The unrealized losses are from 63 securities at September 30, 2016. Of those, 43 are investment grade, have
U.S. government agency guarantees, or are backed by the full faith and credit of local municipalities throughout the United
States. Twenty investment grade corporate and other bond obligations comprise the remaining securities with unrealized losses
at September 30, 2016. The Company considers the reason for impairment, length of impairment, and ability and intent to hold until
the full value is recovered in determining if the impairment is temporary in nature. Based on this analysis, the Company has determined
these impairments to be temporary in nature. The Company does not intend to sell, and it is more likely than not that the Company
will not be required to sell, these securities until they recover in value or reach maturity. 

Market prices are
affected by conditions beyond the control of the Company. Investment decisions are made by the management group of the Company
and reflect the overall liquidity and strategic asset/liability objectives of the Company. Management analyzes the securities
portfolio frequently and manages the portfolio to provide an overall positive impact to the Company s income statement and
balance sheet. 

Securities with amortized
costs of $66.5 million and $88.7 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged to secure public
deposits as required or permitted by law and a line of credit at the Federal Reserve discount window. At each of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no securities purchased from a single issuer, other than U.S. Treasury issue and other
U.S. Government agencies that comprised more than 10% of the consolidated shareholders  equity. 

Note
3. Loans and Related Allowance for Loan Losses  

The Company s
loans, net of deferred fees and costs, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were comprised of the following (dollars in
thousands): 

The Company held
$14.9 million and $13.4 million in balances of loans guaranteed by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), which are
included in various categories in the table above, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. As these loans are
100% guaranteed by the USDA, no loan loss provision is required. These loan balances included a purchase premium of $681,000 and
$586,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The purchase premium is amortized as an adjustment of the
related loan yield on a straight line basis, which is substantially equivalent to the results obtained using the effective interest
method. 

At September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s allowance for credit losses was comprised of the following: (i) a specific valuation
component calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 310,  Receivables,  (ii) a general valuation component calculated in accordance
with FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 450,  Contingencies , based on historical loan loss experience, economic
conditions and other qualitative risk factors, and (iii) an unallocated component to cover uncertainties that could affect management s
estimate of probable losses. Management identified loans subject to impairment in accordance with ASC 310. 

The following table summarizes information
related to impaired loans as of September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

(1)  The amount of the investment in
                                         a loan, which is not net of a valuation allowance, but which does reflect any direct
                                         write-down of the investment   

(2)  The contractual amount due, which reflects paydowns applied
                                         in accordance with loan documents, but which does not reflect any direct write-downs   

The following table summarizes information
related to impaired loans as of December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

(1)  The amount of the investment in
                                         a loan, which is not net of a valuation allowance, but which does reflect any direct
                                         write-down of the investment   

(2)  The contractual amount due, which
                                         reflects paydowns applied in accordance with loan documents, but which does not reflect
                                         any direct write-downs   

Troubled debt restructures
still accruing interest are loans that management expects to ultimately collect all principal and interest due, but not under
the terms of the original contract. A reconciliation of impaired loans to nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, is set forth in the table below (dollars in thousands): 

Interest income on
nonaccrual loans, if recognized, is recorded using the cash basis method of accounting. There was an insignificant amount of cash
basis income recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
Cash basis income of $487,000 was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, estimated interest income of $198,000   and $224,000, respectively, would have
been recorded if all such loans had been accruing interest according to their original contractual terms. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, estimated interest income of $588,000   and $548,000,
respectively, would have been recorded if all such loans had been accruing interest according to their original contractual terms. 

The following tables
present an age analysis of past due status of loans by category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

Activity in the allowance
for loan losses on loans by segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is presented in the following
tables (dollars in thousands): 

The Company recorded
a provision for loan losses in the amounts of $250,000 and $450,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
as additional general reserves to support current period loan growth. 

The following tables
present information on the loans evaluated for impairment in the allowance for loan losses as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

Loans are monitored
for credit quality on a recurring basis. These credit quality indicators are defined as follows: 

Pass   - A pass loan is not
adversely classified, as it does not display any of the characteristics for adverse classification. This category includes purchased
loans that are 100% guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies of $14.9 million and $13.4 million at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. 

Special Mention   - A special
mention loan has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, such potential weaknesses
may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects or collateral position at some future date. Special mention loans are not
adversely classified and do not warrant adverse classification. 

Substandard   - A substandard
loan is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any.
Loans classified as substandard generally have a well defined weakness, or weaknesses, that jeopardize the liquidation of the
debt. These loans are characterized by the distinct possibility of loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful   - A doubtful loan
has all the weaknesses inherent in a loan classified as substandard with the added characteristics that the weaknesses make collection
or liquidation in full, highly questionable and improbable, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values.
The possibility of loss is extremely high. 

The following tables
present the composition of loans by credit quality indicator at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

In accordance with
FASB ASU 2011-02,  Receivables (Topic 310): A Creditor's Determination of Whether a Restructuring is a Troubled Debt Restructuring,
 the Company assesses all loan modifications to determine whether they are considered troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) under
the guidance. The Company had 17 and 18 loans that met the definition of a TDR at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company had no
loan modifications considered to be TDRs during the three months ended September 30, 2016. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company modified one residential 1-4 family loan and one consumer installment loan that were considered to be TDRs.
The Company extended the terms for the residential 1-4 family loan, which had a pre- and post-modification balance of $81,000
and $97,000, respectively. The Company extended the terms and lowered the interest rate for the consumer installment loan, which
had a pre- and post-modification balance of $248,000. 

The Company had no
loan modifications considered to be TDRs during the three months ended September 30, 2015. During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the Company modified one residential 1-4 family loan that was considered to be a TDR. The Company extended the terms
and lowered the interest rate for this loan, which had a pre- and post-modification balance of $68,000. 

A loan is considered
to be in default if it is 90 days or more past due. There were no TDRs that had been restructured during the previous 12 months
that resulted in default during either of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

In the determination
of the allowance for loan losses, management considers TDRs and subsequent defaults in these restructures by reviewing for impairment
in accordance with FASB ASC 310-10-35, Receivables, Subsequent Measurement. 

At September 30,
2016, the Company had 1-4 family mortgages in the amount of $151.1 million pledged as collateral to the Federal Home Loan Bank
for a total borrowing capacity of $137.3 million. 

Note
4.  PCI Loans and Related Allowance for Loan Losses  

On January 30,
2009, the Company entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) to assume
all of the deposits and certain other liabilities and acquire substantially all assets of Suburban Federal Savings Bank (SFSB). The
Company is applying the provisions of FASB ASC 310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality ,
to all loans acquired in the SFSB transaction (the  PCI loans ). Of the total $198.3 million in loans acquired, $49.1
million met the criteria of FASB ASC 310-30. These loans, consisting mainly of construction loans, were deemed impaired at the
acquisition date. The remaining $149.1 million of loans acquired, comprised mainly of residential 1-4 family, were analogized
to meet the criteria of FASB ASC 310-30. Analysis of this portfolio revealed that SFSB utilized weak underwriting and documentation
standards, which led the Company to believe that significant losses were probable given the economic environment at the time. 

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the outstanding contractual balance of the PCI loans was $83.2 million and $91.3 million, respectively.
The carrying amount, by loan type, as of these dates is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

There was no activity
in the allowance for loan losses on PCI loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The following table
presents information on the PCI loans collectively evaluated for impairment in the allowance for loan losses at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

The change in the
accretable yield balance for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, is as follows (dollars
in thousands): 

The PCI loans were
not classified as nonperforming assets as of September 30, 2016, as the loans are accounted for on a pooled basis, and interest
income, through accretion of the difference between the carrying amount of the loans and the expected cash flows, is being recognized
on all PCI loans. 

Note 5.  Other Real Estate
Owned  

The following table
presents the balances of other real estate owned at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

At September 30,
2016, the Company had $2.5 million in residential 1-4 family loans and PCI loans that were in the process of foreclosure. 

Note 6.  Deposits  

The following table
provides interest bearing deposit information, by type, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

Note 7. Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income (Loss)  

The following tables
present activity net of tax in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

The following tables
present the effects of reclassifications out of AOCI on line items of consolidated income for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

Details about AOCI Components    
     Amount Reclassified from
    AOCI       
     Affected Line Item in the Unaudited 
    Consolidated Statement of Income  

Three months ended       

September 30, 2016       
     September 30, 2015       

Unrealized (gain) loss on securities available for sale    
     $  (88  )    
     $  (74  )    
     Gain (loss) on securities transactions, net  

30       
        25       
     Income tax expense  

$  (58  )    
     $  (49  )    
     Net of tax  

Note 8. Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities  

FASB ASC 820,  Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures,  defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820 requires that valuation techniques maximize the use of observable inputs
and minimize the use of unobservable inputs and also establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the valuation inputs
into three broad levels. The Company groups assets and liabilities at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which
the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. These levels are: 

Level 1 Valuation
is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. 

Level 2 Valuation
is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets
that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market or
can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 Valuation
is determined using model-based techniques with significant assumptions not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions
reflect the Company s own estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
Valuation techniques include the use of third party pricing services, option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar
techniques. 

FASB ASC 825,  Financial
Instruments , allows an entity the irrevocable option to elect fair value for the initial and subsequent measurement for certain
financial assets and liabilities on a contract-by-contract basis. The Company has not made any material FASB ASC 825 elections
as of September 30, 2016. 

Assets and Liabilities Recorded
at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis   

The Company utilizes
fair value measurements to record adjustments to certain assets to determine fair value disclosures. Securities available for
sale and loans held for sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The tables below present the recorded amount of
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (dollars in thousands): 

Investment securities available
for sale   

Investment securities
available for sale are recorded at fair value each reporting period. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available.
If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques
such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other
factors such as credit loss assumptions. 

The Company utilizes
a third party vendor to provide fair value data for purposes of determining the fair value of its available for sale securities
portfolio. The third party vendor uses a reputable pricing company for security market data. The third party vendor has controls
and edits in place for month-to-month market checks and zero pricing, and a Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements
No. 16 report is obtained from the third party vendor on an annual basis. The Company makes no adjustments to the pricing service
data received for its securities available for sale. 

Level 1 securities
include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers
or brokers in active over-the-counter markets and money market funds. Level 2 securities include mortgage-backed securities issued
by government sponsored entities, municipal bonds and corporate debt securities. 

Cash flow hedge   

The fair values of
interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts
(or payments) and the discounted expected variable cash payments (or receipts). The variable cash payments (or receipts) are based
on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured
at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis   

The Company is also
required to measure and recognize certain other financial assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis on the consolidated balance
sheet. The following tables present assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

Impaired loans   

Loans for which it
is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement
are considered impaired. Once a loan is identified as individually impaired, management measures the impairment in accordance
with FASB ASC 310,  Receivables . The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using one of several methods, including collateral
value and discounted cash flows. Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the
expected repayments or collateral exceeds the recorded investments in such loans. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
a majority of total impaired loans were evaluated based on the fair value of the collateral. The Company frequently obtains appraisals
prepared by external professional appraisers for classified loans greater than $250,000 when the most recent appraisal is greater
than 18 months old and/or deemed to be invalid. The Company may also utilize internally prepared estimates that generally result
from current market data and actual sales data related to the Company s collateral. When the fair value of the collateral
is based on an observable market price or a current appraised value, the Company records the impaired loan within Level 2. 

The Company may also
identify collateral deterioration based on current market sales data, including price and absorption, as well as input from real
estate sales professionals and developers, county or city tax assessments, market data and on-site inspections by Company personnel.
When management determines that the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no
observable market price, the Company records the impaired loan as nonrecurring Level 3. In instances where an appraisal received
subsequent to an internally prepared estimate reflects a higher collateral value, management does not revise the carrying amount.
Impaired loans can also be evaluated for impairment using the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s
effective interest rate. The measurement of impaired loans using future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest
rate rather than the market rate of interest rate is not a fair value measurement and is therefore excluded from fair value disclosure
requirements. Reviews of classified loans are performed by management on a quarterly basis. 

Bank premises and equipment held
for sale   

The fair value of
bank premises and equipment held for sale was determined using the adjusted appraisal methodology described in the other real
estate owned (OREO) asset section below. 

Other real estate owned   

OREO assets are adjusted
to fair value less estimated selling costs upon transfer of the related loans to OREO property. Subsequent to the transfer, valuations
are periodically performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value less estimated
selling costs. Fair value is based upon independent market prices, appraised values of the collateral or management s estimation
of the value of the collateral. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price or a current appraised
value, the Company records the foreclosed asset within Level 2. When an appraised value is not available or management determines
that the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value due to such things as absorption rates and
market conditions, the Company records the foreclosed asset within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

FASB ASC 825,  Financial
Instruments , requires disclosure of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities, including those financial
assets and financial liabilities that are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. FASB ASC
825 excludes certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the
aggregate fair value amounts presented may not necessarily represent the underlying fair value of the Company. 

The
following reflects the fair value of financial instruments, whether or not recognized on the consolidated balance sheet, at fair
value  measures by level of valuation assumptions used for those assets. These tables exclude financial instruments for
which the carrying value approximates fair value (dollars in thousands): 

The following methods
were used to estimate the fair value of all other financial instruments recognized in the accompanying balance sheets at amounts
other than fair value as of September 30, 2016. The Company applied the provisions of FASB ASC 820 to the fair value measurements
of financial instruments not recognized on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. The provisions requiring the Company
to maximize the use of observable inputs and to measure fair value using a notion of exit price were factored into the Company s
selection of inputs into its established valuation techniques. 

Financial Assets   

Cash and cash equivalents   

The carrying amounts
of cash and due from banks, interest bearing bank deposits, and federal funds sold approximate fair value (Level 1). 

Securities held for investment   

For securities held
for investment, fair values are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes (Level 1 and 2). 

Restricted securities   

The carrying value
of restricted securities approximates their fair value based on the redemption provisions of the respective issuer (Level 2). 

Loans held for sale   

The carrying amounts
of loans held for sale approximate fair value (Level 2). 

Loans   

The fair value of
loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers
with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. The fair value of impaired loans is consistent with the methodology
used for the FASB ASC 820 disclosure for assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis presented above. 

PCI loans   

Fair values for PCI
loans are based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considers various factors including the type of loan and related collateral,
classification status, term of loan and whether or not the loans are amortizing. Loans were pooled together according to similar
characteristics and were treated in the aggregate when applying various valuation techniques. The discount rates used for loans
are based on the rates used at acquisition (which were based on market rates for new originations of comparable loans) adjusted
for any material changes in interest rates since acquisition. Increases in cash flow expectations since acquisition resulted in
estimated fair value being higher than carrying value. The increase in cash flows is also reflected in a transfer from unaccretable
yield to accretable yield as disclosed in Note 4. 

Accrued interest receivable   

The carrying amounts
of accrued interest receivable approximate fair value (Level 2). 

Financial Liabilities   

Noninterest bearing
deposits   

The carrying amount
of noninterest bearing deposits approximates fair value (Level 2). 

Interest bearing deposits   

The fair value of
NOW accounts, savings accounts, and certain money market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair
value of fixed-maturity certificates of deposit is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining
maturities. 

Federal funds purchased   

The carrying amount
of federal funds purchased approximates fair value (Level 2). 

Long-term borrowings   

The fair values of
the Company s long-term borrowings, such as FHLB advances and long-term debt, are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses
based on the Company s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 

Accrued interest payable   

The carrying amounts
of accrued interest payable approximate fair value (Level 2). 

Off-balance sheet
financial instruments   

The fair value of
commitments to extend credit is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account
the remaining terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties. For fixed-rate loan commitments,
fair value also considers the difference between current levels of interest rates and the committed rates. The fair value of stand-by
letters of credit is based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate them or otherwise
settle the obligations with the counterparties at the reporting date. The Company s off-balance sheet commitments are funded
at current market rates at the date they are drawn upon. It is management s opinion that the fair value of these commitments
would approximate their carrying value, if drawn upon. 

The Company assumes
interest rate risk (the risk that general interest rate levels will change) as a result of its normal operations. As a result,
the fair values of the Company s financial instruments will change when interest rate levels change, and that change may
be either favorable or unfavorable. Management attempts to match maturities of assets and liabilities to the extent believed necessary
to minimize interest rate risk. However, borrowers with fixed rate obligations are less likely to prepay in a rising rate environment
and more likely to prepay in a falling rate environment. Conversely, depositors who are receiving fixed rates are more likely
to withdraw funds before maturity in a rising rate environment and less likely to do so in a falling rate environment. Management
monitors rates and maturities of assets and liabilities and attempts to minimize interest rate risk by adjusting terms of new
loans and deposits and by investing in securities with terms that mitigate the Company s overall interest rate risk. 

Note 9. Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share  

Basic earnings (loss)
per common share (EPS) is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period. Diluted EPS is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, including
the effect of all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding attributable to stock instruments. The following table presents
basic and diluted EPS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars and shares in thousands, except
per share data): 

There were no antidilutive
exclusions from the computation of diluted earnings per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. Antidilutive
common shares issuable under awards or options of 1.0 million were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common
share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Note 10. Employee Benefit Plan  

The Company adopted
the Bank of Essex noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan for all full-time pre-merger Bank of Essex employees over 21 years
of age. Benefits are generally based upon years of service and the employees  compensation. The Company funds pension costs
in accordance with the funding provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. 

The Company has frozen
the plan benefits for all the defined benefit plan participants effective December 31, 2010. 

The following table
provides the components of net periodic benefit cost for the plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

In accordance with
FASB ASC 715,  Compensation-Retirement Benefits , settlement accounting is triggered when lump sum payments to plan participants
exceed the sum of the plan s service cost and interest cost for the year. The impact of settlement accounting is that a
percentage of any outstanding losses that the plan is currently amortizing must be recognized immediately.  This percentage
is calculated as the ratio of lump sums paid to the total liability for the plan.  This amount changes as plan participants
retire during the year. The net loss due to settlement to be amortized during 2016 was $52,000 at March 31, 2016, $234,000 at
June 30, 2016, and $253,000 at September 30, 2016. 

Note 11. Cash Flow Hedge  

On November 7, 2014,
the Company entered into an interest rate swap with a total notional amount of $30 million.  The Company designated the swap
as a cash flow hedge intended to protect against the variability in the expected future cash flows on the designated variable
rate borrowings.  The swap hedges the interest rate risk, wherein the Company will receive an interest rate based on the
three month LIBOR from the counterparty and pays an interest rate of 1.69% to the same counterparty calculated on the notional
amount for a term of five years.  The Company intends to sequentially issue a series of three month fixed rate debt as part
of a planned roll-over of short term debt for five years. The forecasted funding will be provided through one of the following
wholesale funding sources: a new FHLB advance, a new repurchase agreement, or a pool of brokered CDs, based on whichever market
offers the most advantageous pricing at the time that pricing is first initially determined for the effective date of the swap
and each reset period thereafter. Each quarter when the Company rolls over the three month debt, it will decide at that time which
funding source to use for that quarterly period. 

The swap was entered
into with a counterparty that met the Company s credit standards, and the agreement contains collateral provisions protecting
the at-risk party. The Company believes that the credit risk inherent in the contract is not significant. The Company had $850,000
and $440,000 of cash pledged as collateral as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Amounts receivable
or payable are recognized as accrued under the terms of the agreements. In accordance with FASB ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging ,
the Company has designated the swap as a cash flow hedge, with the effective portions of the derivatives  unrealized gains
or losses recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. The ineffective portions of the unrealized gains or losses, if
any, would be recorded in other operating expense. The Company has assessed the effectiveness of each hedging relationship by
comparing the changes in cash flows on the designated hedged item. The Company s cash flow hedge was deemed to be effective
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The fair value of the Company s cash flow hedge was an
unrealized loss of $590,000 and $199,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and was recorded in other
liabilities. The loss was recorded as a component of other comprehensive income net of associated tax effects. 

Note 12. Branch Sale  

On March 18, 2016,
the Company sold its branch office in Catonsville, Maryland to JP Properties for a purchase price of $160,000. The Company closed
the office on March 4, 2016. Loans and deposits are being serviced by the Company s Rosedale branch office. 

The Catonsville branch
office was classified as held for sale at December 31, 2015 at an estimated fair market value of $110,000. After closing costs
of $14,000, the Company recognized a gain of $36,000. 

Item 2.   Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and     Results of Operations   

The following discussion
and analysis of the financial condition at September 30, 2016 and results of operations of Community Bankers Trust Corporation
(the  Company ) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 should be read in conjunction with the Company s
consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in this report and
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

OVERVIEW   

Community Bankers
Trust Corporation (the  Company ) is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and is the holding company for Essex Bank
(the  Bank ), a Virginia state bank with 23 full-service offices in Virginia and Maryland. The Bank also operates
one loan production office in Virginia. 

The Bank engages
in a general commercial banking business and provides a wide range of financial services primarily to individuals and small businesses,
including individual and commercial demand and time deposit accounts, commercial and industrial loans, consumer and small business
loans, real estate and mortgage loans, investment services, on-line and mobile banking products, and safe deposit box facilities. 

The Company generates
a significant amount of its income from the net interest income earned by the Bank. Net interest income is the difference between
interest income and interest expense. Interest income depends on the amount of interest earning assets outstanding during the
period and the interest rates earned thereon. The Company s cost of funds is a function of the average amount of interest
bearing deposits and borrowed money outstanding during the period and the interest rates paid thereon. The quality of the assets
further influences the amount of interest income lost on nonaccrual loans and the amount of additions to the allowance for loan
losses. Additionally, the Bank earns noninterest income from service charges on deposit accounts and other fee or commission-based
services and products. Other sources of noninterest income can include gains or losses on securities transactions, gains from
loan sales, transactions involving bank-owned property, and income from Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) policies. The Company s
income is offset by noninterest expense, which consists of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment costs, professional
fees, the amortization of intangible assets and other operational expenses. The provision for loan losses and income taxes may
materially affect net income. 

CAUTION ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

The Company makes
certain forward-looking statements in this report that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements
include statements regarding our profitability, liquidity, allowance for loan losses, interest rate sensitivity, market risk,
future strategy, and financial and other goals. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by phrases such as  the
Company expects,   the Company believes  or words of similar import. 

These forward-looking
statements are subject to significant uncertainties because they are based upon or are affected by factors, including, without
limitation, the effects of and changes in the following: 

the
                                         quality or composition of the Company s loan or investment portfolios, including
                                         collateral values and the repayment abilities of borrowers and issuers;   

assumptions
                                         that underlie the Company s allowance for loan losses;   

general
                                         economic and market conditions, either nationally or in the Company s market areas;   

the
                                         interest rate environment;   

competitive
                                         pressures among banks and financial institutions or from companies outside the banking
                                         industry;   

real
                                         estate values;   

the
                                         demand for deposit, loan, and investment products and other financial services;   

the
                                         demand, development and acceptance of new products and services;   

the
                                         performance of vendors or other parties with which the Company does business;   

time
                                         and costs associated with de novo branching, acquisitions, dispositions and similar transactions;   

the
                                         realization of gains and expense savings from acquisitions, dispositions and similar
                                         transactions;   

assumptions
                                         and estimates that underlie the accounting for purchased credit impaired loans;   

consumer
                                         profiles and spending and savings habits;   

levels
                                         of fraud in the banking industry;   

the
                                         level of attempted cyber attacks in the banking industry;   

the
                                         securities and credit markets;   

costs
                                         associated with the integration of banking and other internal operations;   

the
                                         soundness of other financial institutions with which the Company does business;   

inflation;   

technology;
                                         and   

legislative
                                         and regulatory requirements.   

These factors and
additional risks and uncertainties are described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015 and other reports filed from time to time by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Although the Company
believes that its expectations with respect to the forward-looking statements are based upon reliable assumptions within the bounds
of its knowledge of its business and operations, there can be no assurance that actual results, performance or achievements of
the Company will not differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

The Company s
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). The
financial information contained within the statements is, to a significant extent, financial information that is based on measures
of the financial effects of transactions and events that have already occurred. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate
value that is obtained when either earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset or relieving a liability. For example,
the Company uses historical loss factors as one factor in determining the inherent loss that may be present in its loan portfolio.
Actual losses could differ significantly from the historical factors that the Company uses. In addition, GAAP itself may change
from one previously acceptable method to another method. Although the economics of the Company s transactions would be the
same, the timing of events that would impact its transactions could change. 

The following is
a summary of the Company s critical accounting policies that are highly dependent on estimates, assumptions and judgments. 

Allowance for Loan Losses on Loans   

The allowance for
loan losses is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings. Loan
losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent
recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 

The allowance is
an amount that management believes is appropriate to absorb estimated losses relating to specifically identified loans, as well
as probable credit losses inherent in the balance of the loan portfolio, based on an evaluation of the collectability of existing
loans and prior loss experience. This evaluation also takes into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and volume
of the loan portfolio, overall portfolio quality, review of specific problem loans, and current economic conditions that may affect
the borrower s ability to pay. This evaluation does not include the effects of expected losses on specific loans or groups
of loans that are related to future events or expected changes in economic conditions. While management uses the best information
available to make its evaluation, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if there are significant changes in economic
conditions. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Bank s
allowance for loan losses, and may require the Bank to make additions to the allowance based on their judgment about information
available to them at the time of their examinations. 

The allowance consists
of specific, general and unallocated components. For loans that are also classified as impaired, an allowance is established when
the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value
of that loan. The general component covers non-classified loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative
factors. The unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable
losses. The unallocated component reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies
for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. 

A loan is considered
impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled
payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management
in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and
interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified
as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into
consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for
the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest
owed. Impairment is measured by either the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective
interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 

Large groups of smaller
balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. 

Accounting for Certain Loans or
Debt Securities Acquired in a Transfer   

FASB ASC 310,  Receivables,
 requires acquired loans to be recorded at fair value and prohibits carrying over valuation allowances in the initial accounting
for acquired impaired loans. Loans carried at fair value, mortgage loans held for sale, and loans to borrowers in good standing
under revolving credit arrangements are excluded from the scope of FASB ASC 310, which limits the yield that may be accreted to
the excess of the undiscounted expected cash flows over the investor s initial investment in the loan. The excess of the
contractual cash flows over expected cash flows may not be recognized as an adjustment of yield. Subsequent increases in cash
flows to be collected are recognized prospectively through an adjustment of the loan s yield over its remaining life. Decreases
in expected cash flows are recognized as impairments through the allowance for loan losses. 

The Company s
acquired loans from the Suburban Federal Savings Bank (SFSB) transaction (the  PCI loans ), subject to FASB ASC Topic
805,  Business Combinations , are recorded at fair value and no separate valuation allowance was recorded at the date of
acquisition. FASB ASC 310-30,  Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality,  applies to loans acquired
in a transfer with evidence of deterioration of credit quality for which it is probable, at acquisition, that the investor will
be unable to collect all contractually required payments receivable. The Company is applying the provisions of FASB ASC 310-30
to all loans acquired in the SFSB transaction. The Company has grouped loans together based on common risk characteristics including
product type, delinquency status and loan documentation requirements among others. 

The PCI loans are
subject to the credit review standards described above for loans. If and when credit deterioration occurs subsequent to the date
that the loans were acquired, a provision for credit loss for PCI loans will be charged to earnings for the full amount. 

The Company has made
an estimate of the total cash flows it expects to collect from each pool of loans, which includes undiscounted expected principal
and interest. The excess of that amount over the fair value of the pool is referred to as accretable yield. Accretable yield is
recognized as interest income on a constant yield basis over the life of the pool. The Company also determines each pool s
contractual principal and contractual interest payments. The excess of that amount over the total cash flows that it expects to
collect from the pool is referred to as nonaccretable difference, which is not accreted into income. Judgmental prepayment assumptions
are applied to both contractually required payments and cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition. Over the life of the
loan or pool, the Company continues to estimate cash flows expected to be collected. Subsequent decreases in cash flows expected
to be collected over the life of the pool are recognized as an impairment in the current period through the allowance for loan
losses. Subsequent increases in expected or actual cash flows are first used to reverse any existing valuation allowance for that
loan or pool. Any remaining increase in cash flows expected to be collected is recognized as an adjustment to the accretable yield
with the amount of periodic accretion adjusted over the remaining life of the pool. 

Other Intangible Assets   

The Company is accounting
for other intangible assets in accordance with FASB ASC 350,  Intangibles -   Goodwill and Others . Under FASB ASC 350,
acquired intangible assets (such as core deposit intangibles) are separately recognized if the benefit of the assets can be sold,
transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged, and amortized over their useful lives. The costs of purchased deposit relationships
and other intangible assets, based on independent valuation by a qualified third party, are being amortized over their estimated
lives. The core deposit intangible is evaluated for impairment in accordance with FASB ASC 350. 

Income Taxes   

Deferred income tax
assets and liabilities are determined using the liability (or balance sheet) method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset
or liability is determined based on the tax effects of the temporary differences between the book and tax bases of the various
balance sheet assets and liabilities and gives current recognition to changes in tax rates and laws. 

Positions taken in
the Company s tax returns may be subject to challenge by the taxing authorities upon examination. Uncertain tax positions
are initially recognized in the consolidated financial statements when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions are both initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount
of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the tax authority, assuming full
knowledge of the position and all relevant facts. The Company provides for interest and, in some cases, penalties on tax positions
that may be challenged by the taxing authorities. Interest expense is recognized beginning in the first period that such interest
would begin accruing. Penalties are recognized in the period that the Company claims the position in the tax return. Interest
and penalties on income tax uncertainties are classified within income tax expense in the consolidated statement of income. The
Company had no interest or penalties during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Under FASB ASC 740,  Income
Taxes,  a valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will
not be realized. In management s opinion, based on a three year taxable income projection, tax strategies that would result
in potential securities gains and the effects of off-setting deferred tax liabilities, it is more likely than not that the deferred
tax assets are realizable. 

The
Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U. S. federal income tax as well as Maryland state income tax. All years from 2012
through 2015 are open to examination by the respective tax authorities. 

Other Real
Estate Owned   

Real
estate acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure is held for sale and is initially recorded at the fair value at the date
of foreclosure net of estimated disposal costs, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically
performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less costs to sell. Revenues
and expenses from operations and changes in the valuation allowance are included in other operating expenses. Costs to bring a
property to salable condition are capitalized up to the fair value of the property while costs to maintain a property in salable
condition are expensed as incurred. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

Overview   

Net
income was $2.5 million for the third quarter of 2016, compared with a loss of $7.7 million in the third quarter of 2015. Earnings
per common share, basic and fully diluted, were $0.11 per share and ($0.35) per share for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

In
the third quarter of 2015, the Bank   terminated its FDIC shared-loss agreements in order to improve profitability beginning
in the fourth quarter of 2015. As part of the termination of the shared-loss agreements, the FDIC paid $3.1 million in cash to
the Bank, and the remaining $13.1 million of the FDIC indemnification asset related to the agreements was charged-off. This transaction
eliminated future indemnification asset amortization expense, which totaled $5.2 million for the 12 month period from July 1,
2014 through June 30, 2015. 

Excluding the one-time
charge of $13.1 million related to the termination of the FDIC shared-loss agreements, net income for the third quarter of 2015
would have been $853,000. In addition to the shared-loss termination charge, the Company had write-downs totaling $1.1 million
with respect to two bank buildings held for sale and one parcel in other real estate owned in the third quarter of 2015. 

Net
income was $7.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 versus a net loss of $4.7 million for the same period in
2015. Excluding the aforementioned one-time FDIC-related charges, net income would have been $3.7 million for the first nine months
of 2015. 

Net Interest Income    

The
Company s operating results depend primarily on its net interest income, which is the difference between interest income
on interest-earning assets, including securities and loans, and interest expense incurred on interest bearing liabilities, including
deposits and other borrowed funds. Net interest income is affected by changes in the amount and mix of interest earning assets
and interest bearing liabilities, referred to as a  volume change.  It is also affected by changes in yields earned
on interest earning assets and rates paid on interest bearing deposits and other borrowed funds, referred to as a  rate
change.  

Net
interest income increased $658,000, or 6.7%, from the third quarter of 2015 to the third quarter of 2016 and was
$10.5 million. The tax equivalent yield on earning assets of 4.50% in the third quarter of 2016 was an increase from 4.45%
for the third quarter of 2015. While the yield on loans decreased from 4.60% to 4.54%, the average balance increased by
$112.8 million, or 16.4%. Interest income on loans was $9.2 million, an increase of $1.2 million over third quarter 2015
interest income of $8.0 million. Interest on PCI loans was $1.5 million in the third quarter of 2016, a decrease of $181,000
year over year. The yield on PCI loans increased over this time frame, from 10.97% to 11.32%. Income on securities of $2.0
million in the third quarter of 2015 represents a decline of $315,000 year over year primarily as a result of a reduction of
$56.7 million in the average balances of securities. The proceeds from liquidation of securities, through sales, calls and
maturities, were used to fund loan growth since the third quarter of 2015. There was, however, an increase in the yield on
securities from 2.97% to 3.09% year over year. 

Interest expense increased
$26,000, or 1.4%, when comparing the third quarter of 2016 and the third quarter of 2015. Interest expense on deposits increased
$27,000, or 1.8%, as the average balance of interest bearing deposits decreased $7.2 million, or 0.9%. Overall, the Bank s
cost of interest bearing liabilities of 0.79% remained the same as the third quarter of 2015. While average interest bearing deposit
costs increased from 0.72% in the third quarter of 2015 to 0.74% in the third quarter of 2016, there was a decline in the cost
of FHLB and other borrowings from 1.19% to 1.05%, thus offsetting higher deposit costs. 

The tax equivalent net
interest margin increased 7 basis points from 3.75% in the third quarter of 2015 to 3.82% in the third quarter of 2016. Likewise,
the interest spread increased from 3.66% to 3.71% over the same time period.  The increase in the margin was precipitated
by an increase in the level of the average balance of noninterest bearing deposits from $101.6 million, or 9.5% of earning assets
in the third quarter of 2015, to $122.6 million, or 11.0% of earning assets in the third quarter of 2016. 

For the first nine months
of 2016, net interest income increased $756,000, or 2.51%, and was $30.8 million. The tax equivalent yield on earning assets was
4.52% for the first nine months of 2016 compared with 4.61% for the first nine months of 2015. Interest and fees on loans of $26.6
million in the first three quarters of 2016 was an increase of $2.8 million compared with $23.8 million for the same period in
2015. Interest and fees on PCI loans declined $1.5 million over this same time frame. Of that decline, $475,000 was related to
cash payments on ADC loans, related to pools previously written down to a zero carrying value, received in the first three quarters
of 2015 versus no such payments in the same period in 2016. Securities income declined $461,000 for the first nine months of 2016
compared with the same period in 2015 as securities balances have been liquidated to fund loan growth. 

Interest expense of $5.7
million represented an increase of $116,000 in the first nine months of 2016 compared with the same period in 2015. Total average
interest bearing liabilities increased only 1.2%, or $11.3 million, as loan growth has been fueled by an average balance increase
of 20.7%, or $19.1 million, in noninterest bearing deposits and by a $33.7 million decline in securities. 

The tax equivalent net
interest margin was 3.82% for the first nine months of 2016 versus 3.90% for the first nine months of 2015. The net interest spread
was 3.72% for the first nine months of 2016 versus 3.81% for the first nine months of 2015. 

The
following tables set forth, for each category of interest-earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, the average amounts
outstanding, the interest earned or paid on such amounts, and the average rate earned or paid for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. The tables also set forth the average rate paid on total interest bearing liabilities, and the net
interest margin on average total interest earning assets for the same periods. Except as indicated in the footnotes, no tax equivalent
adjustments were made and all average balances are daily average balances. Any nonaccruing loans have been included in the tables,
as loans carrying a zero yield. 

NET INTEREST MARGIN ANALYSIS  

  AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

(1) Income and yields are reported on a tax equivalent
basis assuming a federal tax rate of 34%. 

NET INTEREST MARGIN ANALYSIS  

  AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

(1) Income and yields are reported on a tax equivalent
basis assuming a federal tax rate of 34%. 

Provision for Loan Losses    

Management actively monitors
the Company s asset quality and provides specific loss provisions when necessary. Provisions for loan losses are charged
to income to bring the total allowance for loan losses to a level deemed appropriate by management of the Company based on such
factors as historical credit loss experience, industry diversification of the commercial loan portfolio, the amount of nonperforming
loans and related collateral, the volume growth and composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions that may affect
the borrower s ability to pay and the value of collateral, the evaluation of the loan portfolio through the internal loan
review function and other relevant factors. See  Allowance for Loan Losses on Loans  in the Critical Accounting Policies
section above for further discussion. 

Loans are charged-off
against the allowance for loan losses when appropriate. Although management believes it uses the best information available to
make determinations with respect to the provision for loan losses, future adjustments may be necessary if economic conditions
differ from the assumptions used in making the initial determinations. 

Management
also actively monitors its PCI loan portfolio for impairment and necessary loan loss provisions. Provisions for these loans may
be necessary due to a change in expected cash flows or an increase in expected losses within a pool of loans. 

The
Company recorded a provision for loan losses in the amount of $250,000 and $450,000 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively.  There was no provision for loan losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Likewise,
there was no provision for loan losses on the PCI loan portfolio during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. The provision for loan losses booked for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, supported general
reserves following loan growth of $63.1 million during the year. During the other periods, the absence of a provision was the
direct result of minimal charge-offs and the ongoing stabilization of asset quality. Additional discussion of loan quality is
presented below. 

There
were net charge-offs of $204,000 in the third quarter of 2016, compared with net charge-offs of $163,000 in the third quarter
of 2015.  Total charge-offs for the third quarter of 2016 were $248,000 compared with $209,000 in the third quarter of 2015. 
Recoveries of previously charged-off loans were $44,000 for the third quarter of 2016 compared with $46,000 in the third quarter
of 2015. 

There
were net charge-offs of $529,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with net recoveries of $434,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Total charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $801,000 compared
with $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Recoveries of previously charged-off loans were $272,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In the second
quarter of 2015, there was a $1.2 million recovery related to a large commercial relationship. 

Noninterest Income    

Noninterest income increased
$92,000, or 7.3%, from the third quarter of 2015 to the third quarter of 2016. Income on BOLI increased by $50,000 over the comparison
period as a result of an investment of $5.0 million in BOLI in the second quarter of 2016. Service charges on deposit accounts
increased by $34,000, or 5.8%, on a higher level of demand deposit accounts. Mortgage loan income increased $22,000. Gains on
securities transactions were $88,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared with $74,000 in the third quarter of 2015. Offsetting
these increases was a decline of $28,000 in other noninterest income. 

Noninterest income was
$4.1 million for the first nine months of 2016, an increase of $205,000, or 5.3%, over $3.9 million for the first nine months
of 2015. Securities gains of $608,000 in the first three quarters of 2016 compared with $363,000 for the same period in 2015.
Likewise, service charges on deposit accounts increased by $117,000 and were $1.8 million for the first nine months of 2016. Offsetting
these increases for the first nine months of 2016 compared with the same period in 2015 were decreases of $115,000 in other noninterest
income, which was $439,000 in 2016, and $41,000 in mortgage loan income, which was $599,000 in 2016. 

As of August 31, 2016,
the Bank ceased operating its wholesale mortgage division. While mortgage loan income will decline starting in the fourth quarter
of 2016, there will be a corresponding decline in salaries and employee benefits. 

Noninterest Expense   

Noninterest expenses
decreased $14.8 million, or 64.1%, when comparing the third quarter of 2016 to the same period in 2015. FDIC indemnification
asset amortization was $13.8 million in the third quarter of 2015 and $0 in the current quarter, and OREO expenses declined
by $830,000 as a result of $1.1 million of write-downs related to two bank owned properties and one parcel in other real
estate owned during the third quarter of 2015. Salaries and employee benefits declined $127,000, and other operating
expenses decreased $113,000. Offsetting these improvements were increases year-over-year in occupancy expenses of $87,000 and
FDIC assessment of $66,000. 

Noninterest expenses
were $24.5 million for the first nine months of 2016, as compared with $42.0 million for the same period in 2015. This is a decrease
of $17.5 million, or 41.6%. FDIC indemnification asset amortization was $0 for the period and $16.2 million for the 2015 comparative
period as a result of the termination of the shared-loss agreements and associated write-off. Other real estate (income) expenses,
net improved $1.2 million from the first nine months of 2015 to the same period in 2016. The expense in this category in 2015
was primarily from the write-down of $1.1 million noted in the previous paragraph. Other operating expenses declined $333,000
over the comparison period due to an overall decrease in credit reated expenses. Salaries and employee benefits increased $144,000,
or 1.1%, in the first nine months of 2016 compared with the same period in 2015. FDIC assessment increased $112,000 and occupancy
expenses increased $67,000 in the first three quarters of 2016 over the same period in 2015. 

Income Taxes   

Income tax
expense was $862,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with an income tax benefit of $4.2 million for
the third quarter of 2015. The benefit in the third quarter of 2015 was the result of the net loss for the quarter generated
by the accounting from the termination of the shared-loss agreements. For the first three quarters of 2016, income tax
expense of $2.7 million represented an effective tax rate of 27.5% primarily as a result of bank qualified tax exempt
municipal income. Income tax reflected a benefit of $3.3 million for the first three quarters of 2015, for an effective tax rate of
a 41.4% benefit. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION   

General   

Total assets increased
$23.7 million, or 2.0%, to $1.204 billion at September 30, 2016 as compared with $1.181 billion at December 31, 2015. Total loans
were $811.8 million at September 30, 2016, increasing $63.1 million, or 8.4%, from year end 2015. Total PCI loans were $53.5
million at September 30, 2016 versus $59.0 million at year end 2015. 

During the first nine
months of 2016, construction and land development loans grew by $21.1 million, or 31.4%, commercial loans grew $16.3 million,
or 15.9%, commercial mortgage loans on real estate grew $13.2 million, or 4.1%, and residential 1-4 family loans grew $12.8 million,
or 6.6%. 

The Company s securities
portfolio, excluding equity securities, declined $40.2 million, or 14.4%, from $279.7 million at December 31, 2015 to $239.5 million
at September 30, 2016. Net realized gains of $608,000 were recognized during the first nine months of 2016 through sales and call
activity, as compared with $363,000 recognized during the first nine months of 2015. The decline in the volume of securities was
a strategic decision by management to fund strong loan growth with securities sales, normal securities amortization, call activity,
sales and maturities. 

The Company is required
to account for the effect of market changes in the value of securities available-for-sale (AFS) under FASB ASC 320,  Investments
  Debt and Equity Securities . The market value of the AFS portfolio was $193.9 million at September 30, 2016 and $243.3
million at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, the Company had a net unrealized gain on the AFS portfolio of $4.8 million
compared with a net unrealized gain of $671,000 at December 31, 2015. Municipal securities comprised 64.1% of the total AFS portfolio
at September 30, 2016. These securities exhibit more price volatility in a changing interest rate environment because of their
longer weighted average life, as compared to other categories contained within the rest of the portfolio.  

The Company had cash
and cash equivalents of $22.0 million and $17.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. There were
federal funds sold of $99,000 at September 30, 2016 and federal funds purchased of $18.9 million at December 31, 2015. 

Interest bearing deposits
at September 30, 2016 were $838.0 million, a decline of $11.3 million, or 1.3%, from $849.3 million at December 31,
2015. Time deposits less than or equal to $250,000 decreased $10.8 million, and NOW account balances decreased $10.5 million.
Offsetting these decreases were increases during 2016 of $5.3 million in savings accounts, $3.7 million in time deposits over
$250,000 and $1.0 million in MMDAs. 

FHLB advances were $109.1
million at September 30, 2016, compared with $95.7 million at December 31, 2015. The increase in FHLB advances was used to fund
loan growth and was obtained at low cost and will be replaced, over time, by core deposits. Long term debt totaled $2.7 million
at September 30, 2016, declining by $2.9 million, or 51.8%, since December 31, 2015. This borrowing, initially in the amount of
$10.7 million, was obtained in April 2014, and the proceeds were used to redeem the Company s remaining outstanding TARP
preferred stock. The Company has paid down this debt by $8.0 million, and the loan is scheduled to be fully paid on April 21,
2017. 

Shareholders  equity
was $114.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $104.5 million at December 31, 2015. In September 2015, shareholders  equity
was reduced by the net loss generated in the quarter from the pre-tax write-off of $13.1 million from the termination of the FDIC
shared-loss agreements. Shareholders  equity increased $10.2 million, or 9.8%, from year end 2015 due to an increase of
$2.7 million in other comprehensive income related to net unrealized gains in the investment portfolio and an increase of $7.2
million in net income in the first nine months of 2016. 

Asset Quality   excluding PCI
loans   

The allowance for loan
losses represents management s estimate of the amount appropriate to provide for probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 

Loan quality is continually
monitored, and the Company s management has established an allowance for loan losses that it believes is appropriate for
the risks inherent in the loan portfolio. Among other factors, management considers the Company s historical loss experience,
the size and composition of the loan portfolio, the value and appropriateness of collateral and guarantors, nonperforming loans
and current and anticipated economic conditions. There are additional risks of future loan losses, which cannot be precisely quantified
nor attributed to particular loans or classes of loans. Because those risks include general economic trends, as well as conditions
affecting individual borrowers, the allowance for loan losses is an estimate. The allowance is also subject to regulatory examinations
and determination as to appropriateness, which may take into account such factors as the methodology used to calculate the allowance
and size of the allowance in comparison to peer companies identified by regulatory agencies. See  Allowance for Loan Losses
on Loans  in the Critical Accounting Policies section above for further discussion. 

The Company maintains
a list of loans that have potential weaknesses and thus may need special attention. This loan list is used to monitor such loans
and is used in the determination of the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses. Nonperforming assets totaled $16.1 million
at September 30, 2016 and net charge-offs were $529,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This compares with nonperforming
assets of $16.2 million and net recoveries of $292,000 at and for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Nonperforming loans were
$11.2 million at September 30, 2016, a $543,000 increase from $10.7 million at December 31, 2015. The $543,000 increase in nonperforming
loans since December 31, 2015 was the net result of $2.3 million in additions to nonperforming loans and $1.7 million in reductions. 
With respect to the reductions in nonperforming loans, $469,000 were payments to existing credits, $604,000 were charge-offs,
$381,000 were loans returned to accruing status, $195,000 were transferred to OREO, and $83,000 paid off. 

The allowance for loan
losses, excluding PCI, equaled 84.54% of nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2016 compared with 89.59% at December 31, 2015. The
ratio of the allowance for loan losses to total nonperforming assets was 61.82% at September 30, 2016, compared with 62.15% at
December 31, 2015.  The ratio of nonperforming assets to loans and OREO continued to decline. The ratio was 1.97% at September
30, 2016 versus 2.14% at December 31, 2015. 

In accordance with GAAP,
an individual loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that a creditor will be unable to
collect all amounts due in accordance with contractual terms of the loan agreement. The Company considers all troubled debt restructures
and nonaccrual loans to be impaired loans. In addition, the Company reviews all substandard and doubtful loans that are not on
nonaccrual status, as well as loans with other risk characteristics, pursuant to and specifically for compliance with the accounting
definition of impairment as described above. These impaired loans have been determined through analysis, appraisals, or other
methods used by management. 

See Note 3 to the Company s
financial statements for information related to the allowance for loan losses. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, total
impaired loans, excluding PCI loans, equaled $15.9 million and $15.3 million, respectively. 

The following table sets
forth selected asset quality data, excluding PCI loans, and ratios for the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

The Company performs
troubled debt restructures (TDR) and other various loan workouts whereby an existing loan may be restructured into multiple new
loans. At September 30, 2016, the Company had 17 loans that met the definition of a TDR, which are loans that for reasons related
to the debtor s financial difficulties have been restructured on terms and conditions that would otherwise not be offered
or granted. Five of these loans were restructured using multiple new loans. The aggregated outstanding principal of all TDR loans
at September 30, 2016 was $6.5 million, of which $1.8 million were classified as nonaccrual. 

The primary benefit of
the restructured multiple loan workout strategy is to maximize the potential return by restructuring the loan into a  good
loan  (the A loan) and a  bad loan  (the B loan). The impact on interest is positive because the Bank is collecting
interest on the A loan rather than potentially not collecting interest on the entire original loan structure. The A loan is underwritten
pursuant to the Bank s standard requirements and graded accordingly. The B loan is classified as either  doubtful 
or  loss . An impairment analysis is performed on the B loan and, based on its results, all or a portion of the B
note is charged-off or a specific loan loss reserve is established. 

The Company does not
modify its nonaccrual policies in this arrangement, and the A loan and the B loan stand on their own terms. At inception, this
structure meets the definition of a TDR. If the loan is on nonaccrual at the time of restructure, the A loan is held on nonaccrual
until six consecutive payments have been received, at which time it may be put back on an accrual status. The B loan is placed
on nonaccrual. Under the terms of each loan, the borrower s payment is contractually due. 

A further breakout of
nonaccrual loans, excluding PCI loans, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is below (dollars in thousands): 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company had eight construction and land development credit relationships in nonaccrual status. The borrowers for all of these
relationships are residential land developers. All of the relationships are secured by the real estate to be developed and are
in the Company s central Virginia market. The total amount of the credit exposure outstanding at September 30, 2016 was
$5.7 million. These loans have either been charged-down or sufficiently reserved against to equal the current expected realizable
value. 

The total amount of the
allowance for loan losses attributed to all eight relationships was $764,000 at September 30, 2016, or 13.4% of the total credit
exposure outstanding. The Company establishes its reserves as described above in  Allowance for Loan Losses on Loans  in
the Critical Accounting Policies section. In conjunction with the impairment analysis the Company performs as part of its allowance
methodology, the Company ordered appraisals for all loans with balances in excess of $250,000 unless there existed an appraisal
that was not older than 18 months and/or deemed to be invalid. The Company uses a ratio analysis for balances less than $250,000.
The Company maintains detailed analysis and other information for its allowance methodology, both for internal purposes and for
review by its regulators. 

Asset Quality   PCI loans   

Loans
accounted for under FASB ASC 310-30 are generally considered accruing and performing loans as the loans accrete interest income
over the estimated life of the loan. Accordingly, acquired impaired loans that are contractually past due are still considered
to be accruing and performing loans. 

The
Company makes an estimate of the total cash flows that it expects to collect from a pool of PCI loans, which include undiscounted
expected principal and interest. Over the life of the loan or pool, the Company continues to estimate cash flows expected to be
collected. Subsequent decreases in cash flows expected to be collected over the life of the pool are recognized as impairment
in the current period through the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent increases in expected cash flows are first used to reverse
any existing valuation allowance for that loan or pool. Any remaining increase in cash flows expected to be collected is recognized
as an adjustment to the yield over the remaining life of the pool. 

Capital Requirements   

The determination of
capital adequacy depends upon a number of factors, such as asset quality, liquidity, earnings, growth trends and economic conditions.
The Company seeks to maintain a strong capital base exceeding regulatory minimums for well capitalized institutions to support
its growth and expansion plans, provide stability to current operations and promote public confidence in the Company. 

Under the final rule
on Enhanced Regulatory Capital Standards, commonly referred to as Basel III which became effective January 1, 2015, the federal
banking regulators have defined four tests for assessing the capital strength and adequacy of banks, based on three definitions
of capital.  Common equity tier 1 capital  is defined as common equity, retained earnings, and accumulated other comprehensive
income (AOCI), less certain intangibles.  Tier 1 capital  is defined as common equity tier 1 capital plus qualifying
perpetual preferred stock, tier 1 minority interests, and grandfathered trust preferred securities.  Tier 2 capital 
is defined as specific subordinated debt, some hybrid capital instruments and other qualifying preferred stock, non-tier 1 minority
interests and a limited amount of the loan loss allowance.  Total capital  is defined as tier 1 capital plus
tier 2 capital. Four risk-based capital ratios are computed using the above capital definitions, total assets and risk-weighted
assets, and the ratios are measured against regulatory minimums to ascertain adequacy. All assets and off-balance sheet risk items
are grouped into categories according to degree of risk and assigned a risk-weighting and the resulting total is risk-weighted
assets.  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  is common equity tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.  Tier 1
risk-based capital ratio  is tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.  Total risk-based capital ratio 
is total capital divided by risk-weighted assets. The leverage ratio is tier 1 capital divided by total average assets. 

The Company s ratio
of total risk-based capital was 13.2% at September 30, 2016 compared with 13.2% at December 31, 2015. The tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio was 12.2% at September 30, 2016 and 12.1% at December 31, 2015. The Company s tier 1 leverage ratio was 9.8%
at September 30, 2016 and 9.4% at December 31, 2015.  All capital ratios exceed regulatory minimums to be considered
well capitalized. BASEL III introduced the common equity tier 1 capital ratio, which was 11.8% at September 30, 2016 and 11.6%
at December 31, 2015. 

Under Basel III, a capital
conservation buffer of 2.5% above the minimum risk-based capital thresholds was established. Dividend and executive compensation
restrictions begin if the Company does not maintain the full amount of the buffer. The capital conservation buffer will be phased
in between January 1, 2016 and January 1, 2019. At September 30, 2016, the Company had a capital conservation buffer of 5.2%,
well above the 2016 required buffer of 0.625%. 

Liquidity   

Liquidity
represents the Company s ability to meet present and future financial obligations through either the sale or maturity of
existing assets or the acquisition of additional funds through liability management. Liquid assets include cash, interest bearing
deposits with banks, federal funds sold and certain investment securities. As a result of the Company s management of liquid
assets and the ability to generate liquidity through liability funding, management believes that the Company maintains overall
liquidity sufficient to satisfy its depositors  requirements and meet its customers  credit needs. 

The
Company s results of operations are significantly affected by its ability to manage effectively the interest rate sensitivity
and maturity of its interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. A summary of the Company s liquid assets at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual
Obligations   

A summary of the contract
amount of the Company s exposure to off-balance sheet and balance sheet risk as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Commitments to extend
credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments
generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments
are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.
The Company evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed
necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral
held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, and income-producing commercial properties. 

Unfunded commitments
under lines of credit are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers. Those lines of credit may
be drawn upon only to the total extent to which the Company is committed. 

Standby letters of credit
are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees
are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar
transactions. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan
facilities to clients. The Company holds certificates of deposit, deposit accounts, and real estate as collateral supporting those
commitments for which collateral is deemed necessary. 

On November 7, 2014,
the Company entered into an interest rate swap with a total notional amount of $30 million.  The Company designated the swap
as a cash flow hedge intended to protect against the variability in the expected future cash flows on the designated variable
rate borrowings.  The swap hedges the interest rate risk, wherein the Company will receive an interest rate based on the
three month LIBOR from the counterparty and pays an interest rate of 1.69% to the same counterparty calculated on the notional
amount for a term of five years.  The Company intends to sequentially issue a series of three month fixed rate debt as part
of a planned roll-over of short term debt for five years. The forecasted funding will be provided through one of the following
wholesale funding sources: a new FHLB advance, a new repurchase agreement, or a pool of brokered CDs, based on whichever market
offers the most advantageous pricing at the time that pricing is first initially determined for the effective date of the swap
and each reset period thereafter. For the avoidance of doubt, each quarter when the Company rolls over the three month debt it
will decide at that time which funding source to use for that quarterly period. 

The fair value of the
Company s cash flow hedge was an unrealized loss of $589,000 and $199,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively,
which was recorded in other liabilities. The Company s cash flow hedge is deemed to be effective. Therefore, the loss was
recorded as a component of other comprehensive income recorded in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income. 

Item 3.  Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Market
risk is the risk of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market rates or prices such as interest rates,
foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. The Company s primary market risk exposure is interest
rate risk. The ongoing monitoring and management of interest rate risk is an important component of the Company s asset/liability
management process, which is governed by policies established by its Board of Directors that are reviewed and approved annually.
The Board of Directors delegates responsibility for carrying out asset/liability management policies to the Asset/Liability Committee
(ALCO) of the Bank. In this capacity, ALCO develops guidelines and strategies that govern the Company s asset/liability
management related activities, based upon estimated market risk sensitivity, policy limits and overall market interest rate levels
and trends. 

Interest
rate risk represents the sensitivity of earnings to changes in market interest rates. As interest rates change, the interest income
and expense streams associated with the Company s financial instruments also change, affecting net interest income, the
primary component of the Company s earnings. ALCO uses the results of a detailed and dynamic simulation model to quantify
the estimated exposure of net interest income to sustained interest rate changes. While ALCO routinely monitors simulated net
interest income sensitivity over various periods, it also employs additional tools to monitor potential longer-term interest rate
risk. 

The
simulation model captures the impact of changing interest rates on the interest income received and interest expense paid on all
assets and liabilities reflected on the Company s balance sheet. The simulation model is prepared and results are analyzed
at least quarterly. This sensitivity analysis is compared to ALCO policy limits, which specify a maximum tolerance level for net
interest income exposure over a one-year horizon, assuming no balance sheet growth, given a 400 basis point upward shift and a
400 basis point downward shift in interest rates. The downward shift of 300 or 400 basis points is included in the analysis, although
less meaningful in the current rate environment, because all results are monitored regardless of likelihood. A parallel shift
in rates over a 12-month period is assumed. 

The
following table represents the change to net interest income given interest rate shocks up and down 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis
points at September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company s interest rate risk model indicated that, in a rising rate environment of 400 basis points over a 12 month
period, net interest income could increase by 1.1%. For the same time period, the interest rate risk model indicated that in a
declining rate environment of 400 basis points, net interest income could increase by 0.9%. While these percentages are subjective
based upon assumptions used within the model, management believes the balance sheet is appropriately balanced with acceptable
risk to changes in interest rates. 

The preceding sensitivity
analysis does not represent a forecast and should not be relied upon as being indicative of expected operating results. These
hypothetical estimates are based upon numerous assumptions, including the nature and timing of interest rate levels such as yield
curve shape, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, reinvestment or
replacement of asset and liability cash flows. While assumptions are developed based upon current economic and local market conditions,
the Company cannot make any assurances about the predictive nature of these assumptions, including how customer preferences or
competitor influences might change. 

Also, as market conditions
vary from those assumed in the sensitivity analysis, actual results will also differ due to factors such as prepayment and refinancing
levels likely deviating from those assumed, the varying impact of interest rate change, caps or floors on adjustable rate assets,
the potential effect of changing debt service levels on customers with adjustable rate loans, depositor early withdrawals and
product preference changes, and other internal and external variables. Furthermore, the sensitivity analysis does not reflect
actions that ALCO might take in response to, or in anticipation of, changes in interest rates. 

Item 4.  Controls
and Procedures   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

As of the end of the
period covered by this Form 10-Q, the Company s management, with the participation of the Company s chief executive
officer and its chief financial officer ( the Certifying Officers ), conducted evaluations of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures. As defined under Section 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ), the term  disclosure controls and procedures  means controls and other procedures
of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the issuer s management, including the Certifying Officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosures. 

Based on this evaluation,
the Certifying Officers have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that
material information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported by management of the Company on a timely basis in order to
comply with the Company s disclosure obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under
it. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting

The management of the
Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Certifying Officers to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. There were no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of it that occurred during the Company s
last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER
INFORMATION  

Item 1.   Legal
Proceedings   

There
are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company s business,
to which the Company, including its subsidiaries, is a party or of which the property of the Company is subject. 

Item 1A.   Risk
Factors   

As
of the date of this report, there were no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2.   Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

None. 

Item 3.   Defaults
upon Senior Securities   

None. 

Item 4.   Mine
Safety Disclosures   

Not
applicable 

Item 5.   Other
Information   

None. 

Item 6.     Exhibits   

Exhibit No. 
       
     Description  
 
     31.1 
       
     Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Chief Executive Officer*  
 
     31.2 
       
     Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification for Chief Financial Officer*  
 
     32.1 
       
     Section 1350 Certifications*  
 
         101 
       
     Interactive Data File with respect to the following materials from the Company s
    Quarterly     Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting
    Language (XBRL):     (i) the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of
    Income (Loss), (iii) the Unaudited     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) the Unaudited Consolidated
    Statements of Changes in Shareholders      Equity, (v) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and
    (vi) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements*  

*  
     Filed herewith.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

COMMUNITY BANKERS  TRUST CORPORATION    

(Registrant)  

/s/ Rex L. Smith, III  

Rex L. Smith, III  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(principal executive officer)  

Date:  November 8, 2016 

/s/ Bruce E. Thomas  

Bruce E. Thomas  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(principal financial officer)  

Date:  November 8, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451017_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I, Rex L. Smith, III, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Community Bankers Trust Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Rex L. Smith, III  

Rex L. Smith, III   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(principal executive officer)  

Date: November 8, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451017_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I, Bruce E. Thomas, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Community Bankers Trust Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Bruce E. Thomas  

Bruce E. Thomas   

Executive Vice President  

and Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial officer)  

Date: November 8, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451017_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C.  1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) of Community Bankers Trust Corporation (the  Company ),
the undersigned President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its
subsidiaries as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

/s/ Rex L. Smith, III  

Rex L. Smith, III   

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(principal executive officer)  

/s/ Bruce E. Thomas  

Bruce E. Thomas   

Executive Vice President  

and Chief Financial Officer  

(principal financial officer)  

Date: November 8, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 esxb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 esxb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 esxb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 esxb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 esxb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 esxb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

