<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1035354_0001144204-16-134343_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2352310</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116390</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>144068</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>558075</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1014884</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>457696</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>52</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134343.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114172135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134343
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sevion Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001035354
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				841368850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31326
		FILM NUMBER:		161995959

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10210 CAMPUS POINT DRIVE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(908) 864-4444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10210 CAMPUS POINT DRIVE,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SENESCO TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NAVA LEISURE USA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970310

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134343.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452444_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON , D.C. 20549    

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

or 

For the transition period from _____________ to
_____________ 

Commission File No. 001-31326 

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware  
      84-1368850   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      (IRS Employer Identification No.)   

10210 Campus Point Drive, Suite 150  

  San Diego, CA 92121  
(Address of principal executive offices) 

  (858) 909-0749  
(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes: x   
      No:      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes:  x    
      No:      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  accelerated filer ,
 large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer        

Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company  x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes:      
      No: x    

20,636,847 shares of the issuer s common stock, par value
$0.01 per share, were outstanding as of November 1, 2016. 

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   
 
     PART I. 
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     1  

Item 1. 
      Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
     1  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  
     2  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     3  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016  
     4  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     5  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  
     6  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     13  

Overview  
     13  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
     16  

Changes to Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
     16  

Results of Operations  
     17  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
     18  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     19  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     19  

PART II. 
      OTHER INFORMATION  
     21  

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     21  

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     21  

Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     36  

Item 3. 
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     36  

Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     36  

Item 5. 
      Other Information  
     36  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
     36  

SIGNATURES  
       
     37  

i   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION .  

Item 1.    Financial Statements (Unaudited).  

Certain information
and footnote disclosures required under United States generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted from
the following consolidated financial statements pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
However, Sevion Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Senesco, Inc., a New Jersey corporation
and Fabrus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (collectively,  Sevion  or the  Company ), believe that the disclosures
are adequate to assure that the information presented is not misleading in any material respect. 

The results of operations
for the interim periods presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire fiscal year. 

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS   

   (unaudited)   

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

   (unaudited)   

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY    

   FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

  (unaudited)  

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (unaudited)   

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   
(unaudited) 

Note 1 - Basis of Presentation:   

The financial statements
included herein have been prepared by Sevion Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ), without audit, pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant
to such rules and regulations. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. 

In the opinion of the
Company s management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting
solely of those which are of a normal recurring nature, necessary to present fairly its financial position as of September 30,
2016 and the results of its operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and cash flows for the three months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Interim results are not
necessarily indicative of results for the full fiscal year. 

Note 2   Liquidity: 

As shown in the accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements, the Company has a history of losses with an accumulated deficit of $116,573,138 and has generated
minimal revenues by licensing its technology to companies willing to share in its development costs. In addition, the Company s
technology may not be ready for commercialization for several years. The Company expects to continue to incur losses for the next
several years because it anticipates that its expenditures on research and development and administrative activities will significantly
exceed its revenues during that period. The Company cannot predict when, if ever, it will become profitable. 

Given the Company s limited capital
resources, management recommended to the Company s Board of Directors that certain executive level salaries be reduced by
upwards of 80%, staff reductions be effected and that there be a temporary reduction of research and development expenditures to
support the Company s goal of cutting expenses and preserving cash on hand. The Company s Board of Directors approved
this recommendation and the reductions went into effect on March 23, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had cash and cash equivalents in the amount of $287,064, which consisted of checking accounts and money market funds. The
Company estimates that its cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and the $300,000 proceeds received from the
issuance of promissory notes on November 10, 2016 to each of a related party, OPKO Health, Inc., and an existing stockholder
of the Company, will cover its expenses through January 31, 2017. 

The Company will need additional capital
to operate and expand its research program and plans to raise additional capital possibly through the
placement of debt instruments, equity instruments or any combination thereof. However, the Company may not be able to obtain adequate
funds for its operations when needed or on acceptable terms. If the Company is unable to raise additional funds, it will need to
do one or more of the following: 

license third parties to develop and commercialize products or technologies that it would otherwise
seek to develop and commercialize itself;   

seek strategic alliances or business combinations;   

attempt to sell the Company;   

cease operations; or   

declare bankruptcy.   

These conditions raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern.  Consequently, the audit reports prepared by our independent registered public
accounting firm relating to our consolidated financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 include an explanatory
paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. These interim consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Note 3   Intangibles: 

The Company assesses the impairment in
value of intangible assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors
the Company considers important which could trigger an impairment review include the following: 

significant negative industry trends; 

significant underutilization of the assets; 

significant changes in how the Company uses the assets
or its plans for their use; and 

changes in technology and the appearance of competing technology. 

If a triggering event occurs and if the
Company's review determines that the future undiscounted cash flows related to the groups, including these assets, will not be
sufficient to recover their carrying value, the Company will reduce the carrying values of these assets down to the Company s
estimate of fair value. 

Due to the decrease in the market value
of the Company at September 30, 2016, the Company determined that there was a triggering event that required the Company to review
if there had been an impairment to the Acquired Research and Development in the amount of $8,100,000 as of September 30, 2016.
The Company first evaluated the assumptions utilized in establishing the value allocated to the Acquired Research and Development
which had been updated in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Based upon the evaluation, the Company determined that an impairment
existed. The Company measured the enterprise value for purposes of the Step 2 measurement of Intangibles. The Company concluded
that there was an impairment based on the significant change in the Company s market value during the period. As a result
of this evaluation, the Company determined that there was an impairment to the Acquired Research and Development as of September
30, 2016 in the amount of $1,600,000. 

Note 4 - Loss Per Share: 

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of the Company s Common Stock assumed to be outstanding
during the period of computation. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic earnings per share except that the denominator
is increased to include the number of additional shares of Common Stock that would have been outstanding if the potential shares
of Common Stock had been issued and if the additional shares of Common Stock were dilutive. 

For all periods presented, basic and diluted
loss per share are the same, as any additional Common Stock equivalents would be anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive shares of
Common Stock have been excluded from the calculation of the weighted average number of dilutive shares of Common Stock as follows: 

Note 5   Stock-Based Compensation: 

The terms and vesting schedules for share-based
awards vary by type of grant and the employment status of the grantee. Generally, the awards vest based upon time-based conditions
or achievement of specified goals and milestones. 

The Company did not issue options during
the three month period ended September 30, 2016. 

Stock option activity under the Company s
2008 Plan and 1998 Plan for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is summarized as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate
intrinsic value of stock options outstanding was $0 with a weighted-average remaining term of 6.33 years. The aggregate intrinsic
value of stock options exercisable at September 30, 2016 was $0, with a weighted-average remaining term of 6.28 years. As of September
30, 2016, the Company has 4,023,362 shares available for future stock option grants. 

Stock-based compensation expense for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 amounted to $8,205 and $23,475, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, total stock-based
compensation expense not yet recognized related to stock option grants amounted to approximately $21,392 which will be recognized
over the next 26 months. 

Note 6   Income Taxes:  

No provision for income taxes has been
made for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 given the Company s losses in 2016 and 2015 and available net
operating loss carryforwards. A benefit has not been recorded as the realization of the net operating losses is not assured and
the timing in which the Company can utilize its net operating loss carryforwards in any year or in total may be limited by provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code regarding changes in ownership of corporations. 

The deferred tax liability in
the amount of $3,240,000 remained in connection with the related Acquired Research and Development from the Company s
acquisition of Fabrus, Inc. in May 2014. Due to the impairment adjustment for the Acquired Research and Development costs, a
tax benefit of $640,000 has been recognized for the three month period ended September 30, 2016. Accordingly, the deferred
tax liability has been reduced by $640,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, leaving a balance of $2,600,000 as of
September 30, 2016. 

Note 7 - Fair Value Measurements:  

The following tables provide the assets and liabilities carried
at fair value measured on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

The following table summarizes the changes in fair value
of the Company s Level 3 financial investments:  

Note 8   Warrant Liabilities:  

The warrant liabilities represent the
fair value of Common Stock purchase warrants which have exercise price reset features estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation
model. The Company performs a valuation using the Monte Carlo model for such warrants to account for the various
possibilities that could occur due to changes in the inputs to the model as a result of contractually-obligated changes.
These estimates of the likelihood of completing an equity raise that would meet the criteria to trigger the reset provisions
are based on numerous factors, including the remaining term of the financial instruments and the Company s overall
financial condition. 

Changes in the unobservable input values
would have likely caused material changes in the fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial instruments. The significant
unobservable input used in the fair value measurement was the estimation of the likelihood of the occurrence of a change to the
strike price of the warrants. A significant increase (decrease) in this likelihood would have resulted in a higher (lower) fair
value measurement. The assumptions used to value the warrants at the date of issuance and at September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

(1) Represents the
interest rate on a U.S. Treasury security with a maturity date corresponding to that of the warrant term. 

Note 9   Series C Preferred Stock.  

During the three  months ended
September 30, 2016, no shares of Series C Preferred Stock were converted  into shares of Common Stock. 

Note 10   Gain on Sale of Patents:  

On September 8, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement
to sell certain Intellectual Property consisting of patents, patent applications and license agreements related to those patents
and patent applications. The Company is not actively developing any program related to the Intellectual Property included in the
agreement. On July 19, 2016, the transaction closed and the Company received $50,000 cash up front and a 19.9% equity interest
in the acquiring company. In addition, the reserve established by the Company in the amount of $99,728 for a potential grant liability
was reversed as this was assumed by the acquiring company. 

The stock received has been recorded under the cost method of
accounting. It was determined that the fair value of the Intellectual Property sold and the equity received were $0. Therefore,
there is no asset reflected in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. A gain of $149,728 was recognized as other
income due to the cash received and the liability relieved exceeding the fair value of the Intellectual Property sold. 

Note 11   Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by
the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards
that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-
09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 requires that a company recognize
revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
company expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle
and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing
U.S. GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein, using either
of the following transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior
reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect
of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). In July
2015, the FASB approved a proposal to defer the effective date of the guidance until annual and interim reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on the
Company s financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide that
a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period,  ( ASU 2014-12 ). ASU 2014-12 requires
that a performance target that affects vesting, and that could be achieved after the requisite service period, be treated as a
performance condition. As such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant date fair value of the award.
This update further clarifies that compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance
target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service
has already been rendered. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on the
Company s financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.
2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,  ( ASU 2014-15 ). ASU 2014-15 amended existing guidance related to the
disclosures about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. These amendments are intended to define management s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern
and to provide related footnote disclosures. These amendments provide guidance to an organization s management, with principles
and definitions that are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of disclosures that are commonly provided by organizations
in the financial statement footnotes. The amendments are effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard
will have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

In November 2014, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-16,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid
Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity,  ( ASU 2014-16 ). All
entities are required to use what is called the  whole instrument approach  to determine the nature of a host
contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share. The guidance requires issuers and investors to
consider all of a hybrid instrument s stated and implied substantive terms and features, including any embedded
derivative features being evaluated for bifurcation. The guidance eliminates the  chameleon approach,  under
which all embedded features except the feature being analyzed are considered. The guidance is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company has
implemented this update and the adoption of this standard does not have a material impact on the Company s financial
statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which supersedes FASB ASC 840. All entities will be required to record operating leases
on the balance sheet as assets and liabilities instead of recording only capital (finance) leases on the balance sheet. The guidance
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share Based Payment Accounting,  which
is intended to simplify several aspects of accounting for share based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early application is permitted.
The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on the Company s financial
statements. 

Note 12   Subsequent Events  

On November 10, 2016, the
Company entered into unsecured promissory notes (the  Notes ) in the aggregate amount of $300,000 with a related
part OPKO Health, Inc. and an existing stockholder of the Company. The Notes have customary events of default, an interest
rate of 5% per annum with principal and interest due twelve months from their issuance. The Notes are to be used to fund
operations. 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. The discussion and analysis may contain forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations
and entail various risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under  Risk Factors  and
elsewhere in this report. 

Overview  

Our Business  

The primary business
of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1999, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Senesco, Inc., a
New Jersey corporation incorporated in 1998, and Fabrus, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 2011, collectively referred
to as  Sevion,   we,   us  or  our,  is to build and develop a portfolio of innovative
therapeutics, from both internal discovery and acquisition, for the treatment of cancer and immunological diseases. Our product
candidates are derived from multiple key proprietary technology platforms, such as: cell-based arrayed antibody discovery, ultralong
antibody scaffolds and Chimerasome nanocages. 

Antibody Technology    

Antibody Genes  -
We believe our antibody platforms have broad applicability to human health by allowing the discovery of unique monoclonal antibodies
against difficult membrane targets in several therapeutic areas. Our antibody therapeutic candidates target the Kv1.3 ion channel,
which is important in the pathogenesis of several autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. Other antibodies in our pipeline target
important cell surface molecules involved in cancer progression. 

Antibody Discovery
Technology  - Traditional antibody drug discovery methods, such as phage/yeast display or immunization, rely on competitive
selection from a pool of antibodies to identify a lead therapeutic candidate. In these methods, a mixture of antibodies compete
for binding to a purified target, and the antibody molecules that bind the strongest to the target, referred to as high affinity,
are ultimately discovered. While these approaches have led to many successful antibody therapeutics, there are at least two drawbacks.
First, the drug targets have been limited to only those proteins which can be easily purified. Many important target classes, including
multispanning membrane proteins, cannot be easily purified in functional form. Secondly, when discovery is driven by selection
based on competitive binding and affinity, the result is a significant limitation in the number of functional lead antibodies.
However, the highest affinity antibody isn t always the best therapeutic because lower affinity molecules may have unique
activities or lower toxicities than the highest affinity binder. Thus, modulating a pathway more subtly to treat disease is often
preferable to affecting it in a binary fashion through competition related to high-affinity binding. We believe the technology
to identify (i) antibodies against unpurified targets, particularly multispanning membrane proteins like G Protein Coupled Receptors,
or GPCR s, and ion channels, and (ii) a range of antibodies with different affinities and activities will enable us to discover
new antibody drug leads compared to existing technologies. 

We have developed the
world s first  spatially addressed  antibody library with an expansive combinatorial collection of recombinant
antibodies in which each well contains a single species of antibody of known concentration, composition and sequence. Our spatially
addressed library allows us to evaluate the therapeutic potential of each antibody individually in a non-competitive way and allows
direct discovery on the cell surface. This approach is more analogous to traditional small molecule drug discovery and allows us
to screen antibodies for functional drug activity as opposed to simple binding properties. This next generation discovery system
unlocks epitopes, targets, and functions that are only identifiable in the context of a living cell. 

Modified Cow Antibodies
-  Despite the enormous diversity of the antibody repertoire, human antibodies all have a similar geometry, shape and binding
mode. Our scientists have discovered and humanized a novel class of therapeutic antibodies derived from cows that have a highly
unusual structure for binding targets. This unique ultralong Complementary Determining Region 3, or CDR3, structural domain found
in cow antibodies is comprised of a knob on a stalk that protrudes far from the antibody surface, creating the potential for entirely
new types of therapeutic functionality. Using both our humanized spatially addressed antibody library and direct engineering of
the knob, we are exploring the ability of utilizing the knob and stalk structure to functionally interact with important therapeutic
targets, including GPCRs, ion channels and other multispanning membrane therapeutic targets on the cell surface. Our lead antibody,
SVN001, was derived from these efforts. 

Antibody Drug Candidates
   We have created functional antibodies that modulate GPCRs and ion channels, two classes of targets that have proven
difficult to address using conventional antibody discovery approaches. 

SVN001 is an ion channel
blocking antibody that is potentially the first therapeutic antibody against this target class. SVN001 targets an ion channel,
Kv1.3, which has been implicated in a number of different autoimmune disorders including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and multiple
sclerosis. By targeting a unique subset of immune cells, SVN001 is not believed to be broadly immunosuppressive, therefore potentially
improving the safety profile compared to typical immunosuppressants. 

SVN002 is a unique
antibody against an oncology target that holds the potential to significantly impact highly metastatic tumors that are resistant
to the class of drugs that target vascular endothelial growth factor, or VEGF. The target is highly expressed in clear cell renal
carcinoma, where it is associated with poor prognosis. 

Other Antibodies
 - We have discovered fully human antibodies against additional oncology targets, including ErbB2, ErbB3, CXCR4, and GLP1R which
have been engineered to have activity in in vitro systems. These cell surface proteins are validated, therapeutically high value
targets in the disease fields of oncology and diabetes. Additionally, we have early stage antibodies against other undisclosed
targets which were derived from our addressed library platform.     

Research Program  

We are advancing SVN001
through preclinical development where it has demonstrated potent activity as well as advancing SVN002 through preclinical development.
However, given our limited capital resources, we have temporarily reduced our research and development spending on our antibody
program until we are able to consummate a strategic transaction or a financing transaction. 

On December 18,
2014, we entered into a Collaboration Agreement with CNA Development, LLC, an affiliate of Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or
Janssen, to discover antibodies using our spatially addressed library platform. The collaboration, facilitated by the Johnson
  Johnson Innovation Center in California, included discovery of antibodies against multiple targets in several
therapeutic areas. We and Janssen jointly conducted research on antibodies discovered by us, and Janssen has an option to an
exclusive license to develop, manufacture, and commercialize candidates which result from the collaboration. Under the terms
of the agreement, we received an up-front payment and research support payments for activities conducted in collaboration
with Janssen. The research activities concluded in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 and the final report was transferred to
Janssen. For candidates licensed by Janssen, we would be eligible to receive payments upon the achievement of
certain development and commercial milestones potentially totaling up to $125 million as well as low single digit royalties
on product sales. 

In order to pursue
the above research initiatives, as well as other research initiatives that may arise, we will use our cash reserves. However, it
will be necessary for us to raise a significant amount of additional working capital in the future. If we are unable to raise the
necessary funds, we may be required to significantly curtail the future development of some or all of our research initiatives
and we will be unable to pursue other possible research initiatives. 

Intellectual Property  

We continue to develop
our intellectual property internally and by in-licensing certain intellectual property related to our antibody platforms and our
Chimerasome technology. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Overview  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, net cash of $573,744 was used in operating activities primarily due to a net loss of $933,577 which was reduced by non-cash
expense of $176,879 and by changes in operating assets and liabilities in the amount of $182,954. 

The $182,954 change in
operating assets and liabilities was the result of a decrease in prepaid expenses in the amount of $82,973, an increase in
deposits of $5,000 and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the amount of $104,981 due to the timing of
expenses and payments. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, $50,000 was received from investing activities
related to the sales of patents. 

As of September 30, 2016, our cash balance
totaled $287,064, and we had a working capital deficit of $91,359. 

Our future liquidity and capital
funding requirements will depend on numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the levels and costs of our research and
development initiatives. We anticipate that, based upon our current cash balance at September 30, 2016, and the proceeds
received from the issuance of unsecured promissory notes, or the Notes, issued on November 10, 2016 to each of a related
party, OPKO Health, Inc., and an existing stockholder of the Company, in the aggregate amount of $300,000, we will be able to
cover our expenses through January 31, 2017. The Notes have customary events of default and an interest rate of 5% per annum
with principal and interest due twelve months from their issuance. 

Over the next six
months, we plan to fund our research and development and commercialization activities:  

by
                                         utilizing our current cash balance and investments,   

by
                                         raising capital through the placement of equity or debt instruments,   

by
                                         completing a strategic transaction, and / or   

by
                                         raising capital through the execution of additional licensing agreements for our technology.   

We cannot assure you that we will be able
to raise money through any of the foregoing transactions on favorable terms, if at all. 

Changes to Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Prior to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015,
certain patent related costs were capitalized. We concluded, based on historical write offs of patent cost, that the future beneficial
value of our patent assets were uncertain and as such made a change to our accounting policy. This change is considered a change
in estimate for accounting purposes and is reflected on a prospective basis beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. 

There have been no changes to our
critical accounting policies and estimates as set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. 

Results of Operations

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

The net loss from operations for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 was $2,210,532. The net loss from operations for the three months ended September 30,
2015 was $1,151,356. Such a change represents an increase in net loss of $1,059,176 or 92%. This increase in net loss was the
result of impairment of Acquired Research and Development costs partially offset by reduction of expenditures for general and
administrative and research and development expenditures due to cost reduction efforts, and by a gain on
sale of patents. 

Revenue  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we did not generate revenues. 

This compares to $37,500 in revenues generated
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 

General and Administrative
Expenses (000 s)  

Professional fees were lower due to a reduction in accounting fees, which were partially
                                                                                                               offset                                                                                                                by
                                                                                                               increased
                                                                                                               legal fees.   

Consultant costs decreased as a result of salary reductions with respect to our Chief
                                                                                                               Executive Officer, who is treated as a consultant rather than an employee, along with salary reductions for other employee
                                                                                                               to                                                                                                                preserve
                                                                                                               cash.   

Stock-based compensation was lower because options were not issued during the three months
                                                                                                               ended
                                                                                                               September 30, 2016.   

Research and Development
Expenses (000 s)  

Payroll and benefits were lower
due to a reduction in headcount and salary cuts for the Company s Fabrus subsidiary during the three months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Patent costs were lower for the three months ended September 30 in 2016 than the three
                                                                                                               months                                                                                                                ended
                                                                                                               2015 due to cost
                                                                                                               reduction efforts.   

Research supplies were lower  because we have drastically reduced research and development
                                                                                                               efforts in an attempt to cut our expenses and preserve cash on hand.   

Depreciation was lower  because certain assets were fully depreciated prior to the three
                                                                                                               months ended
                                                                                                               September 30, 2016.   

Stock-based compensation was lower primarily because  options were not issued during the
                                                                                                               three months ended September 30, 2016.   

Other research and development expenses decreased  because we have drastically reduced our
                                                                                                               research efforts in an attempt to cut  expenses and preserve our cash on hand.   

Contractual Obligations and Contingent
Liabilities  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, there were no material changes to our contractual obligations and commitments described under Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2016. 

Off Balance-Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off
balance-sheet arrangements. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk.  

Foreign Currency Risk  

Our financial statements and all of
our contracts are denominated in United States dollars.
Therefore, we believe that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates will not result in any material adverse effect
on our financial condition or results of operations. In the event we derive a greater portion of our revenues
from international operations or in the event a greater portion of our expenses are incurred internationally and denominated
in a foreign currency, then changes in foreign currency exchange rates could affect our results of operations and
financial condition. 

Interest Rate Risk  

Our exposure to market risks for interest
rate changes is not significant. Interest rates on our short-term debt are subject to change, however, the effect of interest rate
changes would not be material. We invest in high-quality financial instruments, primarily money market funds, with an effective
duration of the portfolio of less than one year, which we believe are subject to limited credit risk. We currently do not hedge
our interest rate exposure. Due to the short-term nature of our investments, we do not believe that we have any material exposure
to interest rate risk arising from our investments. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures.  

(a)  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 

The principal executive officer
and principal financial officer have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, management
has concluded that as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to a material
weakness in internal control over financial reporting as noted in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
2016 as filed with the SEC on October 13, 2016. The material weakness identified by management relates to the review of
the accounting and calculation surrounding its equity-linked financial instruments which resulted in material adjustments
to our financial statements. The material weakness has not yet been remediated. Management is committed to remediate its control
deficiencies that constitute the material weaknesses by implementing changes to our internal control over financial reporting
and will continue to review and make the changes necessary in order to improve the overall effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting. In addition, management has commenced steps to remediate the material weakness identified
and to adequately and appropriately review all equity-linked accounting instruments and related accounting
issues. Notwithstanding the material weaknesses that existed as of June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the financial statements included in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q present fairly, in all material aspects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of
the Company in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

(b)  Changes in internal controls. 

As
a result of the material weaknesses described above, there were changes  (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)  in internal control over financial
reporting during the three month period ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. Management will continue to evaluate internal controls for
effective remediation of the identified material weakness.  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION .  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

The more prominent risks and uncertainties
inherent in our business are described below. However, additional risks and uncertainties may also impair our business operations.
If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may suffer. 

Risks Related to Our Business   

Recurring losses and negative cash
flows from operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and we may not be able to continue
as a going concern.   

Our recurring losses from operations and
negative cash flows from operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and as a result, our
independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on our consolidated financial statements
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015. Substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern may create negative
reactions to the price of the common shares of our stock and we may have a more difficult time obtaining financing. 

We have prepared our financial statements
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the
normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or amounts of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in existence. 

Based upon cash on hand as of September
30, 2016 and the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes, we believe we have enough cash to fund operations through January 31,
2017. 

We have a limited operating history
and have incurred substantial losses and expect to incur future losses   .  

We are a development stage
biotechnology company with a limited operating history and limited assets and capital. We have incurred losses each year
since inception and had an accumulated deficit of $116,573,138 at September 30, 2016. We have generated minimal revenues by
licensing our technology for certain crops to companies willing to share in our development costs. In addition, our
technology may not be ready for commercialization for several years. We expect to continue to incur losses for the next
several years because we anticipate that our expenditures on research and development and administrative activities will
significantly exceed our revenues during that period. We cannot predict when, if ever, we will become profitable. 

We will need additional capital to
fund our operations until we are able to generate a profit.   

Our operations to date have required significant
cash expenditures. Our future capital requirements will depend on the results of our research and development activities, preclinical
and clinical studies, and competitive and technological advances. 

We will need to obtain more funding in
the future through collaborations or other arrangements with research institutions and corporate partners, or public and private
offerings of our securities, including debt or equity financing. We may not be able to obtain adequate funds for our operations
from these sources when needed or on acceptable terms. Future collaborations or similar arrangements may require us to license
valuable intellectual property to, or to share substantial economic benefits with, our collaborators. If we raise additional capital
by issuing additional equity or securities convertible into equity, our stockholders may experience dilution and our share price
may decline. Any debt financing may result in restrictions on our spending. 

If we are unable to raise additional funds,
we will need to do one or more of the following: 

provide licenses to third parties to develop and commercialize products or technologies that we
would otherwise seek to develop and commercialize ourselves;   

seek strategic alliances or business combinations;   

attempt to sell our company;   

cease operations; or   

declare bankruptcy.   

We believe that at the projected rate of
spending and with proceeds from the Notes, we should have sufficient cash to maintain our present operations through January 31,
2017. 

If we are unable to successfully
remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting
may be adversely affected, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock.   

In connection with the audit of our fiscal
year 2016 consolidated financial statements, our auditors noted a material weakness in our internal controls, principally relating
to the review of the accounting and calculation surrounding our equity-linked financial instruments. A material weakness is a deficiency
or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that results in more than reasonable possibility that
a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We cannot
assure that any measures that we take to correct this material weakness will fully remediate the deficiencies or material weakness
described above. We also cannot assure you that we have identified all of our existing significant deficiencies and material weaknesses,
or that we will not in the future have additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. 

We may be adversely affected by the
current economic environment.   

Our ability to obtain financing, invest
in and grow our business, and meet our financial obligations depends on our operating and financial performance, which in turn
is subject to numerous factors. In addition to factors specific to our business, prevailing economic conditions and financial,
business and other factors beyond our control can also affect our business and ability to raise capital. We cannot anticipate all
of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

Materials necessary to manufacture some of our compounds currently under development may not be available on commercially reasonable
terms, or at all, which may delay our development and commercialization of these compounds.   

Some of the materials necessary for the
manufacture of our compounds under development may, from time to time, be available either in limited quantities, or from a limited
number of manufacturers, or both. Our contract manufacturers need to obtain these materials for our preclinical studies and clinical
trials and, potentially, for commercial distribution when and if we obtain marketing approval for these compounds. Suppliers may
not sell us these materials at the time we need them or on commercially reasonable terms. If we are unable to obtain the materials
needed to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials, product testing and potential regulatory approval could be delayed,
adversely affecting our ability to develop the product candidates. Similarly, if we are unable to obtain critical manufacturing
materials after regulatory approval has been obtained for a product candidate, the commercial launch of that product candidate
could be delayed or there could be a shortage in supply, which could materially affect our ability to generate revenues from that
product candidate. If suppliers increase the price of manufacturing materials, the price for one or more of our products may increase,
which may make our products less competitive in the marketplace. If it becomes necessary to change suppliers for any of these materials
or if any of our suppliers experience a shutdown or disruption at the facilities used to produce these materials, due to technical,
regulatory or other reasons, it could harm our ability to manufacture our products. 

We
depend on a limited number of technologies and, if our technologies are not commercially successful, we will have no alternative
source of revenue   .  

Our primary business is the development
and licensing of technology to discover and engineer monoclonal antibodies. Our future revenue and profitability critically depend
upon our ability, or our licensees  ability, to successfully develop apoptosis and senescence gene technology and later license
or market such technology. We have conducted certain preliminary cell-line and animal experiments, which have provided us with
data upon which we have designed additional research programs. However, we cannot give any assurance that our technology will be
commercially successful or economically viable for any therapeutic application. 

In addition, no assurance can be given
that adverse consequences might not result from the use of our technology such as the development of negative effects on patients
that receive our product candidates. Our failure to obtain market acceptance of our technology or the failure of our current or
potential licensees to successfully commercialize such technology would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
outsource much of our research and development activities and, if we are unsuccessful in maintaining our alliances with these third
parties, our research and development efforts may be delayed or curtailed.   

We rely on third parties to perform much
of our research and development activities. At this time, we have limited internal capabilities to perform our own research and
development activities. Accordingly, the failure of third party research partners to perform under agreements entered into with
us, or our failure to renew important research agreements with these third parties, may delay or curtail our research and development
efforts. 

We have significant
future capital needs and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which could force us to delay or reduce our research and development
efforts.   

As of September 30, 2016, we had a cash
balance of $287,064 and working capital deficit of $91,359. Using our available reserves as of September 30, 2016 and proceeds
from the Notes, we believe that we can operate according to our current business plan through January 31, 2017. 

To date, we have generated minimal revenues
and anticipate that our operating costs will exceed any revenues generated over the next several years. Therefore, we will be required
to raise additional capital in the future in order to operate in accordance with our current business plan, and this funding may
not be available on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional funds, we will need to do one or more of the
following: 

provide a license to third parties to develop and commercialize our technology that we would otherwise
seek to develop and commercialize ourselves;   

seek strategic alliances or business combinations;   

attempt to sell our company;   

cease operations; or   

declare bankruptcy.   

Investors may experience dilution in their
investment from future offerings of our common stock. For example, if we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities,
such an issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of existing stockholders. In addition, assuming the exercise of all options
and warrants outstanding and the conversion of the preferred stock into common stock, as of September 30, 2016, we had 457,195,214
shares of common stock authorized but unissued and unreserved, which may be issued from time to time by our board of directors.
Furthermore, we may need to issue securities that have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock. Failure to
obtain financing on acceptable terms would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. 

Since our inception, we have financed all
of our operations through equity and debt financings. Our future capital requirements depend on numerous factors, including: 

the scope of our research and development;   

our ability to attract business partners willing to share in our development costs;   

our ability to successfully commercialize our technology;   

competing technological and market developments;   

our ability to enter into collaborative arrangements for the development, regulatory approval and
commercialization of other products; and   

the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property
rights.   

Our
business depends upon our patents and proprietary rights and the enforcement of these rights. Our failure to obtain and maintain
patent protection may increase competition and reduce demand for our technology.    

As a result of the substantial length of
time and expense associated with developing products and bringing them to the marketplace in the biotechnology industry, obtaining
and maintaining patent and trade secret protection for technologies, products and processes is of vital importance. Our success
will depend in part on several factors, including, without limitation: 

our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies and processes;   

our ability to preserve our trade secrets; and   

our ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of other parties both in the United
States and in foreign countries.   

Our success depends in part upon the grant
of patents from our pending patent applications. In addition, we have licensed certain antibody technology from The Scripps Research
Institute, or Scripps, pursuant to a license agreement dated August 8, 2014. If we are in breach of this license agreement, and
Scripps elects to terminate the agreement, this termination could have a material adverse effect to our business in the future. 

Although we believe that our technology
is unique and that it will not violate or infringe upon the proprietary rights of any third party, we cannot assure you that these
claims will not be made or if made, could be successfully defended against. If we do not obtain and maintain patent protection,
we may face increased competition in the United States and internationally, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Since patent applications in the United
States are maintained in secrecy until patents are issued, and since publication of discoveries in the scientific and patent literature
tend to lag behind actual discoveries by several months, we cannot be certain that we were the first creator of the inventions
covered by our pending patent applications or that we were the first to file patent applications for these inventions. 

In addition, among other things, we cannot
assure you that: 

our patent applications will result in the issuance of patents;   

any patents issued or licensed to us will be free from challenge and if challenged, would be held
to be valid;   

any patents issued or licensed to us will provide commercially significant protection for our technology,
products and processes;   

other companies will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information
which is not covered by our patent rights;   

other companies will not obtain access to our know-how;   

other companies will not be granted patents that may prevent the commercialization of our technology;
or   

we will not incur licensing fees and the payment of significant other fees or royalties to third
parties for the use of their intellectual property in order to enable us to conduct our business.   

Our
competitors may allege that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights, forcing us to incur substantial costs and
expenses in resulting litigation, the outcome of which would be uncertain.   

Patent law is still evolving relative to
the scope and enforceability of claims in the fields in which we operate. We are like most biotechnology companies in that our
patent protection is highly uncertain and involves complex legal and technical questions for which legal principles are not yet
firmly established. In addition, if issued, our patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against third parties
with similar technologies or products, or provide us with any competitive advantage. 

The PTO and the courts have not established
a consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology patents. The allowance of broader claims may increase
the incidence and cost of patent interference proceedings and the risk of infringement litigation. On the other hand, the allowance
of narrower claims may limit the scope and value of our proprietary rights. 

The laws of some foreign countries do not
protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many companies have encountered significant
problems and costs in protecting their proprietary rights in these foreign countries. 

We could become involved in infringement
actions to enforce and/or protect our patents. Regardless of the outcome, patent litigation is expensive and time consuming and
would distract our management from other activities. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent
litigation more effectively than we could because they have substantially greater resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation
and continuation of any patent litigation could limit our ability to continue our operations. 

If
our technology infringes the intellectual property of our competitors or other third parties, we may be required to pay license
fees or damages.   

If any relevant claims of third party patents
that are adverse to us are upheld as valid and enforceable, we could be prevented from commercializing our technology or could
be required to obtain licenses from the owners of such patents. We cannot assure you that such licenses would be available or,
if available, would be on acceptable terms. Some licenses may be non-exclusive and, therefore, our competitors may have access
to the same technology licensed to us. In addition, if any parties successfully claim that the creation or use of our technology
infringes upon their intellectual property rights, we may be forced to pay damages, including treble damages. 

Our
security measures may not adequately protect our unpatented technology and, if we are unable to protect the confidentiality of
our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology may be adversely affected.   

Our success depends upon know-how, unpatentable
trade secrets, and the skills, knowledge and experience of our scientific and technical personnel. We require all employees to
disclose and assign to us the rights to their ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions. All of the current employees have
also entered into Non-disclosure, Non-competition and Invention Assignment Agreements. We also attempt to enter into similar agreements
with our consultants, advisors and research collaborators. We cannot assure you that adequate protection for our trade secrets,
know-how or other proprietary information against unauthorized use or disclosure will be available. 

We occasionally provide information to
research collaborators in academic institutions and request that the collaborators conduct certain tests. We cannot assure you
that the academic institutions will not assert intellectual property rights in the results of the tests conducted by the research
collaborators, or that the academic institutions will grant licenses under such intellectual property rights to us on acceptable
terms, if at all. If the assertion of intellectual property rights by an academic institution is substantiated, and the academic
institution does not grant intellectual property rights to us, these events could limit our ability to commercialize our technology. 

As
we evolve from a company primarily involved in the research and development of our technology into one that is also involved in
the commercialization of our technology, we may have difficulty managing our growth and expanding our operations.   

As our business grows, we may need to add
employees and enhance our management, systems and procedures. We may need to successfully integrate our internal operations with
the operations of our marketing partners, manufacturers, distributors and suppliers to produce and market commercially viable products.
We may also need to manage additional relationships with various collaborative partners, suppliers and other organizations. Expanding
our business may place a significant burden on our management and operations. We may not be able to implement improvements to our
management information and control systems in an efficient and timely manner and we may discover deficiencies in our existing systems
and controls. Our failure to effectively respond to such changes may make it difficult for us to manage our growth and expand our
operations. 

We
have no marketing or sales history and depend on third party marketing partners. Any failure of these parties to perform would
delay or limit our commercialization efforts.    

We have no history of marketing, distributing
or selling biotechnology products, and we are relying on our ability to successfully establish marketing partners or other arrangements
with third parties to market, distribute and sell a commercially viable product both here and abroad. Our business plan envisions
creating strategic alliances to access needed commercialization and marketing expertise. We may not be able to attract qualified
sub-licensees, distributors or marketing partners, and even if qualified, these marketing partners may not be able to successfully
market human therapeutic applications developed with our technology. If our current or potential future marketing partners fail
to provide adequate levels of sales, our commercialization efforts will be delayed or limited and we may not be able to generate
revenue. 

We
will depend on joint ventures and strategic alliances to develop and market our technology and, if these arrangements are not successful,
our technology may not be developed and the expenses to commercialize our technology will increase.   

In its current state of development, our
technology is not ready to be marketed to consumers. We intend to follow a multi-faceted commercialization strategy that involves
the licensing of our technology to business partners for the purpose of further technological development, marketing and distribution.
We have and are seeking business partners who will share the burden of our development costs while our technology is still being
developed, and who will pay us royalties when they market and distribute products incorporating our technology upon commercialization.
The establishment of joint ventures and strategic alliances may create future competitors, especially in certain regions abroad
where we do not pursue patent protection. If we fail to establish beneficial business partners and strategic alliances, our growth
will suffer and the continued development of our technology may be harmed. 

Competition
in the human therapeutic industry is intense and technology is changing rapidly. If our competitors market their technology faster
than we do, we may not be able to generate revenues from the commercialization of our technology.   

There are many large companies working
in the therapeutic antibody field and similarly may develop technologies related to antibody discovery. These companies include
Genentech, Inc., Amgen, Inc., Biogen Idec, Inc., Novartis AG, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Sanofi-aventis U.S. LLC, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Pfizer, Inc., Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, Kyawa
Hokko Kirin Pharma, Inc., Daiichi Sankyo Company Limited, Astellas Pharma, Inc., Merck   Co. Inc., AbbVie, Inc., Seattle Genetics,
Inc., and Immunogen, Inc. Similarly, there are several small companies developing technologies for antibody discovery, including
Adimab LLC, X-body Biosciences, Inc., Innovative Targeting Solutions, Inc., Heptares Therapeutics Ltd, Kymab Ltd., and Novimmune
SA. Other companies are working on unique scaffolds, including Ablynx NV and ArGen-X N.V. 

We may be unable to compete successfully
against our current and future competitors, which may result in price reductions, reduced margins and the inability to achieve
market acceptance for products containing our technology. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing,
sales, distribution and technical resources than us and have more experience in research and development, clinical trials, regulatory
matters, manufacturing and marketing. We anticipate increased competition in the future as new companies enter the market and new
technologies become available. Our technology may be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances or entirely different
approaches developed by one or more of our competitors, which will prevent or limit our ability to generate revenues from the commercialization
of our technology. 

Our
business is subject to various government regulations and, if we or our licensees are unable to obtain regulatory approval, we
may not be able to continue our operations.   

Use of our technology, if developed for
human therapeutic applications, is subject to FDA regulation. The FDA must approve any drug or biologic product before it can be
marketed in the United States. In addition, prior to being sold outside of the United States, any of our product candidates must
be approved by the regulatory agencies of foreign governments. Prior to filing a new drug application or biologics license application
with the FDA, we would have to perform extensive clinical trials, and prior to beginning any clinical trial, we would need to perform
extensive preclinical testing which could take several years and may require substantial expenditures. 

We expect to perform clinical trials in
connection with our product candidates, which are subject to FDA approval. Additionally, federal, state and foreign regulations
relating to human therapeutic applications developed through biotechnology are subject to public concerns and political circumstances,
and, as a result, regulations have changed and may change substantially in the future. Accordingly, we may become subject to governmental
regulations or approvals or become subject to licensing requirements in connection with our research and development efforts. We
may also be required to obtain such licensing or approval from the governmental regulatory agencies described above, or from state
agencies, prior to the commercialization of our human therapeutic technology. If unfavorable governmental regulations are imposed
on our technology or if we fail to obtain licenses or approvals in a timely manner, we may not be able to continue our operations. 

Preclinical
studies of our product candidates may be unsuccessful, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval.   

Preclinical studies may reveal that one
or more of our product candidates is ineffective or harmful, and/or may be unsuccessful in demonstrating efficacy and safety of
our human therapeutic technology, which would significantly limit the possibility of obtaining regulatory approval for any drug
or biologic product manufactured with our technology. The FDA requires submission of extensive preclinical, clinical and manufacturing
data to assess the efficacy and safety of potential products. Any delay in receiving approval for any applicable IND from the FDA
would result in a delay in the commencement of the related clinical trial. Additionally, we could be required to perform additional
preclinical studies prior to the FDA approving any applicable IND. Furthermore, the success of preliminary studies does not ensure
commercial success, and later-stage clinical trials may fail to confirm the results of the preliminary studies. 

Our
success will depend on the success of our clinical trials of our product candidates.   

It may take several years to complete the
clinical trials of a product candidate, and failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. We
believe that the development of our product candidate involves significant risks at each stage of testing. If clinical trial difficulties
and failures arise, our product candidate may never be approved for sale or become commercially viable. 

There are a number of difficulties and
risks associated with clinical trials. These difficulties and risks may result in the failure to receive regulatory approval to
sell our product candidate or the inability to commercialize our product candidate. The possibility exists that: 

we may discover that the product candidate does not exhibit the expected therapeutic results in
humans, may cause harmful side effects or have other unexpected characteristics that may delay or preclude regulatory approval
or limit commercial use if approved;   

the results from early clinical trials may not be statistically significant or predictive of results
that will be obtained from expanded advanced clinical trials;   

institutional review boards or regulators, including the FDA, may hold, suspend or terminate our
clinical research or the clinical trials of our product candidate for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory
requirements or if, in their opinion, the participating subjects are being exposed to unacceptable health risks;   

subjects may drop out of our clinical trials;   

our preclinical studies or clinical trials may produce negative, inconsistent or inconclusive results,
and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials; and   

the cost of our clinical trials may be greater than we currently anticipate.   

Clinical
trials for our product candidates will be lengthy and expensive and their outcome is uncertain.   

Before obtaining regulatory approval for
the commercial sales of any product containing our technology, we must demonstrate through clinical testing that our technology
and any product containing our technology is safe and effective for use in humans. Conducting clinical trials is a time-consuming,
expensive and uncertain process and typically requires years to complete. In our industry, the results from preclinical studies
and early clinical trials often are not predictive of results obtained in later-stage clinical trials. Some products and technologies
that have shown promising results in preclinical studies or early clinical trials subsequently fail to establish sufficient safety
and efficacy data necessary to obtain regulatory approval. At any time during clinical trials, we or the FDA might delay or halt
any clinical trial for various reasons, including: 

occurrence of unacceptable toxicities or side effects;   

ineffectiveness of the product candidate;   

negative or inconclusive results from the clinical trials, or results that necessitate additional
studies or clinical trials;   

delays in obtaining or maintaining required approvals from institutions, review boards or other
reviewing entities at clinical sites;   

delays in patient enrollment; or   

insufficient funding or a reprioritization of financial or other resources.   

Any failure or substantial delay in successfully
completing clinical trials and obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates could severely harm our business. 

If
our clinical trials for our product candidates are delayed, we would be unable to commercialize our product candidates on a timely
basis, which would materially harm our business.   

Planned clinical trials may not begin on
time or may need to be restructured after they have begun. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays
related to: 

obtaining an effective IND or regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial;   

negotiating acceptable clinical trial agreement terms with prospective trial sites;   

obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site;   

recruiting qualified subjects to participate in clinical trials;   

competition in recruiting clinical investigators;   

shortage or lack of availability of supplies of drugs for clinical trials;   

the need to repeat clinical trials as a result of inconclusive results or poorly executed testing;   

the placement of a clinical hold on a study;   

the failure of third parties conducting and overseeing the operations of our clinical trials to
perform their contractual or regulatory obligations in a timely fashion; and   

exposure of clinical trial subjects to unexpected and unacceptable health risks or noncompliance
with regulatory requirements, which may result in suspension of the trial.   

We believe that our product candidates
have significant milestones to reach, including the successful completion of clinical trials, before commercialization. If we have
significant delays in or termination of clinical trials, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates
or any other products that we may develop will be adversely impacted. In addition, our product development costs would increase
and our ability to generate revenue could be impaired. 

Any
inability to license from third parties their proprietary technologies or processes which we use in connection with the development
of our technology may impair our business.   

Other companies, universities and research
institutions have or may obtain patents that could limit our ability to use our technology in a product candidate or impair our
competitive position. As a result, we would have to obtain licenses from other parties before we could continue using our technology
in a product candidate. Any necessary licenses may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we do not obtain
required licenses, we may not be able to develop our technology into a product candidate or we may encounter significant delays
in development while we redesign methods that are found to infringe on the patents held by others. 

We
face potential product liability exposure far in excess of our limited insurance coverage.    

We may be held liable if any product we
or our collaborators develop causes injury or is found otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or
sale. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims could result in decreased demand for our product candidates,
injury to our reputation, withdrawal of patients from our clinical trials, substantial monetary awards to trial participants and
the inability to commercialize any products that we may develop. These claims might be made directly by consumers, health care
providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or testing our products. We have obtained limited product liability insurance
coverage for our clinical trials; however, our insurance may not reimburse us or may not be sufficient to reimburse us for expenses
or losses we may suffer. Moreover, if insurance coverage becomes more expensive, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage
at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If we obtain marketing approval for
any of our product candidates, we intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products, but we may
be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any products approved for marketing. On occasion, juries
have awarded large judgments in class action lawsuits for claims based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. In addition,
the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, in general, have been subject to significant medical malpractice litigation. A
successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could harm our reputation and business and would decrease
our cash reserves. 

We
depend on our key personnel and, if we are not able to attract and retain qualified scientific and business personnel, we may not
be able to grow our business or develop and commercialize our technology.   

We are highly dependent on our scientific
advisors, consultants and third-party research partners. Our success will also depend in part on the continued service of our key
employees and our ability to identify, hire and retain additional qualified personnel in an intensely competitive market. Additionally,
we do not have employment agreements with our key employees. We do not maintain key person life insurance on any member of management.
The failure to attract and retain key personnel could limit our growth and hinder our research and development efforts. 

Certain
provisions of our charter, by-laws, Delaware law and stock plans could make a takeover difficult.   

Certain provisions of our certificate of
incorporation and by-laws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change in control
would be beneficial to stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue, without stockholder
approval, 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with voting, conversion and other rights and preferences that could adversely affect
the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. 

In addition, we are subject to the Business
Combination Act of the Delaware General Corporation Law which, subject to certain exceptions, restricts certain transactions and
business combinations between a corporation and a stockholder owning 15% or more of the corporation s outstanding voting
stock for a period of three years from the date such stockholder becomes a 15% owner. These provisions may have the effect of delaying
or preventing a change of control of us without action by our stockholders and, therefore, could adversely affect the value of
our common stock. 

Furthermore, in the event of our merger
or consolidation with or into another corporation, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets in which the successor
corporation does not assume our outstanding equity awards or issue equivalent equity awards, our current equity plans require the
accelerated vesting of such outstanding equity awards. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock   

Penny stock
regulations may impose certain restrictions on marketability of our securities.   

The SEC has adopted regulations which generally
define a  penny stock  to be any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or an exercise
price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. As a result, our common stock is subject to rules that impose
additional sales practice requirements on broker dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and
accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 together
with their spouse). For transactions covered by such rules, the broker dealer must make a special suitability determination for
the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase.
Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction,
of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker dealer must also disclose the
commission payable to both the broker dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the
broker dealer is the sole market maker, the broker dealer must disclose this fact and the broker dealer s presumed control
over the market. 

Finally, monthly statements must be sent
disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.
Broker-dealers must wait two business days after providing buyers with disclosure materials regarding a security before effecting
a transaction in such security. Consequently, the  penny stock  rules restrict the ability of broker dealers to sell
our securities and affect the ability of investors to sell our securities in the secondary market and the price at which such purchasers
can sell any such securities, thereby affecting the liquidity of the market for our common stock. 

Stockholders should be aware that, according
to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

control of the market for the security by one or more broker-dealers that are often related to
the promoter or issuer;   

manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading
press releases;   

boiler room  practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price
projections by inexperienced sales persons;   

excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and   

the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have
been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses.   

Our management is aware of the abuses that
have occurred historically in the penny stock market. 

Our
management and other affiliates have significant control of our common stock and could significantly influence our actions in a
manner that conflicts with our interests and the interests of other stockholders.   

As of September 30, 2016, our executive
officers and directors together beneficially own approximately 17.4% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, assuming the
exercise of options and warrants which are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2016,
held by these stockholders. Additionally, there are five shareholders that each beneficially own more than 5% of the outstanding
shares of our common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, will be able to exercise significant influence over
matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors, and may not always act in the best interests
of other stockholders. Such a concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us,
including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then-current market prices. 

A
significant portion of our total outstanding shares of common stock may be sold in the market in the near future, which could cause
the market price of our common stock to drop significantly.   

As of September 30, 2016, we had 20,496,385 shares of our
common stock issued and outstanding, 380 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock outstanding which can convert into
506,666 shares of common stock and 235,004 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock outstanding which can convert into
2,350,040 shares of common stock. All of our outstanding shares of common stock are registered pursuant to registration
statements on Forms S-1 or S-3 or are either eligible to be sold under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
are in the public float.  In addition, we have registered 4,917,670 shares of our common stock underlying options
granted or to be granted under our stock option plans. Consequently, sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the
public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, may have a material adverse effect on our stock price. 

Our
common stock has a limited trading market, which could limit your ability to resell your shares of common stock at or above your
purchase price.   

Our common stock is currently quoted on
the OTCQB Marketplace, operated by the OTC Markets Group, or OTCQB, and our common stock currently has a limited trading market.
We cannot assure you that an active trading market will develop or, if developed, will be maintained. As a result, our stockholders
may find it difficult to dispose of shares of our common stock and, as a result, may suffer a loss of all or a substantial portion
of their investment. 

The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate and may drop below the price you paid.   

We cannot assure you that you will be able
to resell the shares of our common stock at or above your purchase price. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly
in response to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 

quarterly variations in operating results;   

the progress or perceived progress of our research and development efforts;   

changes in accounting treatments or principles;   

announcements by us or our competitors of new technology, product and service offerings, significant
contracts, acquisitions or strategic relationships;   

additions or departures of key personnel;   

future offerings or resales of our common stock or other securities;   

stock market price and volume fluctuations of publicly-traded companies in general and development
companies in particular; and   

general political, economic and market conditions.   

For example, during the three months
ended September 30, 2016, our common stock traded between $0.08 and $0.22 per share. 

Because
we do not intend to pay, and have not paid, any cash dividends on our shares of common stock, our stockholders will not be able
to receive a return on their shares unless the value of our common stock appreciates and they sell their shares.   

We have never paid or declared any cash
dividends on our common stock, and we intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business.
We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our stockholders will
not be able to receive a return on their investment unless the value of our common stock appreciates and they sell their shares. 

Our
stockholders may experience substantial dilution as a result of the conversion of convertible preferred stock, the exercise of
options and warrants to purchase our common stock, or due to anti-dilution provisions relating to any on the foregoing.   

As of September 30, 2016, we have outstanding
380 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock which may convert into 506,666 shares of common stock, 235,004 shares of Series
C convertible preferred stock outstanding which can convert into 2,350,040 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 8,660,915
shares of our common stock. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, we have reserved 5,938,700 shares of our common stock for issuance
upon the exercise of options granted or available to be granted pursuant to our stock option plan, all of which may be granted
in the future. Furthermore, in connection with the preferred stock agreements, we are required to reserve an additional 4,852,080
shares of common stock. The conversion of the convertible preferred stock and the exercise of these options and warrants will result
in dilution to our existing stockholders and could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. The conversion price of the
convertible preferred stock is also subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures.  

None. 

Item 5.    Other Information.  

On November
10, 2016, we entered into unsecured promissory notes, or the Notes, in the aggregate amount of $300,000 with each of
a related party, OPKO Health, Inc., and an existing stockholder of the Company. The Notes have customary events of default
and an interest rate of 5% per annum with principal and interest due twelve months from their issuance. The Notes are to be
used to fund operations. 

Item 6.    Exhibits.  

Exhibits. 

Exhibit No.  

Description   

10.01 
       
      Form or Promissory Note, dated as of November 10, 2016.
        (filed herewith). 

31.1  
       
     Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (filed herewith).  
 
     31.2  
       
     Certification of principal financial and accounting officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (filed herewith).  
 
     32.1 
       
     Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350. (furnished herewith).  
 
     32.2 
       
     Certification of principal financial and accounting officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350. (furnished herewith).  
 
        101.1    
       
      Financial
    Statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
    filed on November 14, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated
    Statements of Operations; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholder s Equity; (iv) the Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. (filed
    herewith).   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

DATE:  November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ David Rector  

David Rector   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

DATE:  November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ James Schmidt  

James Schmidt   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

<EX-10.01>
 2
 v452444_ex10-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.01

Exhibit 10.01  

SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

PROMISSORY NOTE  

For value received,
Sevion Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ) hereby promises to pay the Lender the Principal
Amount (each as set forth on the signature page hereto), plus any accrued but unpaid Interest (as defined below). This Note is
one of a series of Notes issued to certain investors (this Note, together with such other Notes, shall be collectively referenced
herein as the   Notes  ) by the Company in an aggregate principal amount of Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000). 

1.         Interest;
Payments . 

1.1       Simple
interest on the unpaid Principal Amount shall accrue at the rate of 5% per annum (  Interest  ) and will begin
to accrue upon the Issuance Date. Interest shall be calculated based on a 365-day year and charged for the actual number of days
elapsed. 

1.2       All
payments of the Principal Amount and Interest shall be in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be applied
first to accrued Interest, and thereafter to the Principal Amount. If any payments on this Note become due on a Saturday, Sunday
or a federal public holiday, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding business day and such extension of time shall be
included in computing Interest in connection with such payment. 

1.3       This
Note shall be registered on the books of the Company, which shall be kept by it at its principal office for that purpose and shall
be transferable only on said books by the registered Lender hereof in person or by the registered Lender s duly authorized
attorney upon surrender of this Note properly endorsed, and only in compliance with the provisions of the preceding paragraph. 

2.         Representations
and Warranties of the Company  

2.1        Organization
and Good Standing . The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware. The Company has the requisite corporate power to own and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted. 

2.2        Corporate
Power . The Company has all requisite corporate power to execute, deliver and to carry out and perform its obligations under
the terms of this Note. The Company represents and warrants that, upon the execution and delivery of this Note, this Note will
be a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms. 

3.         Representations
And Warranties Of The Lender . 

3.1        Authority
of Lender . The Lender represents and warrants that it has all necessary right and authority under all applicable provisions
of law to execute and deliver this Note. 

3.2        No
 Bad Actor  . No  bad actor  disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1) of the Act (a   Disqualification
Event  ) is applicable to the Lender. 

4.         Default;
Remedies . 

4.1       Each
of the following shall constitute an event of default (each, an   Event of Default  ) under this Note: 

(a)       The
Company shall fail to pay (i) when due any Principal Amount or Interest payment on the due date hereunder or (ii) any
other payment required under the terms of this Note on the date due and such payment shall not have been made within five days
of the Company s receipt of the Lender s written notice to the Company of such failure to pay; 

(b)       The
Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, obligation, condition or agreement contained this Note and (i) such
failure shall continue for 15 days, or (ii) if such failure is not curable within such 15-day period, but is reasonably capable
of cure within 30 days, either (A) such failure shall continue for 30 days or (B) the Company shall not have commenced
a cure in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Lender within the initial 15-day period; 

(c)       The
Company files any petition or action for relief under any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or moratorium law or any other
law for the relief of, or relating to, debtors, now or hereafter in effect, or makes any general assignment for the benefit of
creditors or takes any corporate action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; 

(d)       An
involuntary petition is filed against the Company (unless such petition is dismissed or discharged within thirty (30) days) under
any bankruptcy statute now or hereafter in effect, or a custodian, receiver, trustee, assignee for the benefit of creditors (or
other similar official) is appointed to take possession, custody or control of any property of the Company; 

(e)       The
disposition or encumbrance of the Company s assets, including, but not limited to, the grant of a license with regard to
the Company s intellectual property; or 

(f)       The
Company s stockholders or board of directors affirmatively vote to liquidate, dissolve, or wind up the Company or the Company
otherwise ceases to carry on its ongoing business operations. 

4.2       Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, all unpaid Principal Amount on this Note, accrued and unpaid
Interest thereon and all other amounts owing hereunder shall, at the option of the Lender, and, upon the occurrence of any Event
of Default pursuant to  Sections 4.1 (c), (d) or (e)  of this Note, automatically, be immediately due, payable and collectible
by Lender pursuant to applicable law. Lender shall have all rights and may exercise all remedies available to it under law, successively
or concurrently. 

5.         Ranking;
Covenants . The Notes shall be unsecured and rank on parity with all unsecured indebtedness of the Company existing as of the
Issuance Date. At all times while this Note remains outstanding, the Company shall not incur any indebtedness for borrowed money
which is either (a) not subordinated to this Note or (b) secured by the assets of the Company. 

6.         Prepayment .
The Company may prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and any accrued by unpaid Interest under this Note prior to the Maturity
Date without the consent of the Lender. 

7.         Waiver;
Payment Of Fees And Expenses . The Company waives presentment and demand for payment, notice of dishonor, protest and notice
of protest of this Note, and shall pay all costs of collection when incurred, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys 
fees, costs and other expenses. The right to plead any and all statutes of limitations as a defense to any demands hereunder is
hereby waived to the full extent permitted by law. No delay by Lender shall constitute a waiver, election or acquiescence by it. 

8.         Transaction
Fees and Expenses . The Company and the Lender shall pay their own costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, execution
and delivery of this Note and the other transaction documents. 

9.         Cumulative
Remedies . Lender s rights and remedies under this Note shall be cumulative. Lender shall have all other rights and remedies
not inconsistent herewith as provided under the UCC, by law or in equity. No exercise by Lender of one right or remedy shall be
deemed an election, and no waiver by Lender of any Event of Default shall be deemed a continuing waiver of such Event of Default
or the waiver of any other Event of Default. 

10.         Miscellaneous . 

10.1        Governing
Law . The terms of this Note shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, as applied to contracts
entered into by Delaware residents within the State of Delaware, and to be performed entirely within the State of Delaware. 

10.2        Successors
and Assigns; Assignment . The terms and conditions of this Note shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective
successors and assigns of the parties. Neither party may assign this Note or delegate any of its rights or obligations hereunder
without the written consent of the other party. 

10.3        Titles
and Subtitles . The titles and subtitles used in this Note are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing
or interpreting the Note. 

10.4        Notices .
All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and faxed, e-mailed, mailed or delivered
to each party at the respective addresses of the parties as set forth in this Section 10.4. All such notices and communications
will be deemed effectively given the earlier of (i) when received, (ii) when delivered personally, (iii) one business
day after being delivered by facsimile or electronic mail (with receipt of appropriate confirmation), (iv) one business day
after being deposited with an overnight courier service of recognized standing or (v) four days after being sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested. All communications shall be sent to the Lender at the address, facsimile number, or
e-mail address set forth on the signature page hereto, or if to the Company, to it at 10210 Campus Point Drive, Suite 150, San
Diego, California 92121, Attn: David Rector (or to such other address or e-mail address as the Lender or the Company by notice
to the other party) with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Morgan, Lewis   Bockius LLP, 502 Carnegie Center, Princeton,
NJ 08540, Attn: Emilio Ragosa, Esq. 

10.5        Amendment;
Modification; Waiver . This Note (and the other Notes) may be amended, modified or waived with the written consent of the Company
and the holders of a majority of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment or
waiver of any provision of any Notes (i) shall be affected unless all Notes are treated similarly and not disproportionately, and
(ii) shall not be binding on the Company (unless consented to in writing by the Company) if such amendment or waiver would increase
the financial obligations of the Company under this Note (regardless of whether such amendment or waiver applies identically to
all other Notes). 

10.6        Usury .
In the event any Interest is paid on this Note which is deemed to be in excess of the then legal maximum rate, then that portion
of the Interest payment representing an amount in excess of the then legal maximum rate shall be deemed a payment of the Principal
Amount and applied against the Principal Amount of this Note. 

10.7        Counterparts .
This Note may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Promissory Note as of the day and year first written above. 

LENDER  
       
      SEVION THERAPEUTICS, INC.   

Signature   
       
       Signature    

David Rector  
 
       Printed Name   
       
       Printed Name    

Chief Executive Officer  
 
       Address Line 1   
       
       Title    

Address line 2   

Address line 3  

$   

Principal Amount   

[Signature Page to November 2016 Promissory Note]  

</EX-10.01>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v452444_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, David Rector, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 
       
     /s/ David Rector  

David Rector  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v452444_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302  
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, James Schmidt, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 
       
     /s/ James Schmidt  

James Schmidt  

Chief Financial   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v452444_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, the undersigned, David Rector, President and Chief Executive Officer, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, that: 

(1)          The Quarterly Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)          The information contained in the Quarterly Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 
       
     /s/ David Rector *  

David Rector   

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

*   A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to us and will be retained by us and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v452444_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, the undersigned, James Schmidt, Chief Financial Officer, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
that: 

(1)         The Quarterly Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)         The information contained in the Quarterly Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Sevion Therapeutics, Inc. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 
       
     /s/ James Schmidt  *  

James Schmidt  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

*   A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to us and will be retained by us and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 svon-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 svon-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 svon-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 svon-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 svon-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 svon-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

