<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_40211_0000040211-16-000144_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8404787</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98328</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>624519</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3550566</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2991629</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>947393</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000040211-16-000144.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031173124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000040211-16-000144
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GATX CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000040211
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		IRS NUMBER:				361124040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-02328
		FILM NUMBER:		161962657

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 WEST ADAMS STREET
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			X1
		ZIP:			60606-5314
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3126216200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 WEST ADAMS STREET
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			X1
		ZIP:			60606-5314

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GENERAL AMERICAN TRANSPORTATION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19750722

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000040211-16-000144.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 gmt-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  __________________________________________  
  FORM 10-Q 
  __________________________________________   

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

Commission File Number: 1-2328 
  
  GATX Corporation 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
                           
    x 
    Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    
  Yes           No    x 
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   39.9 million   common shares were outstanding. 

GATX CORPORATION 
  FORM 10-Q 
  QUARTERLY REPORT FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
    
  INDEX 
    
                   Item No. 
      
    Page No. 
       Part I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Forward-Looking Statements 
    1 
      Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)  
    2 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)  
    3 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  
    4 
        
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    5 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Business Overview  
    21 
        
     Discussion of Operating Results  
    21 
        
     Segment Operations  
    22 
        
     Cash Flow and Liquidity  
    34 
        
     Critical Accounting Policies  
    36 
        
     Non-GAAP Financial Measures  
    37 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    42 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    42 
        
       Part II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    43 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    43 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    43 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    43 

SIGNATURE  
    44 

EXHIBIT INDEX  
    45 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  Forward looking statements in this report that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements that reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events, financial performance and market conditions. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as  may,   could,   expect,   intend,   plan,   seek,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential,   continue,   likely,   will,   would  and variations of these terms and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or similar expressions.  
  A detailed discussion of the known material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in our   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Specific risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (1) inability to maintain our assets on lease at satisfactory rates, (2) weak economic conditions, financial market volatility, and other factors that may decrease demand for our assets and services, (3) decreased demand for portions of our railcar fleet due to adverse changes in commodity prices, including, but not limited to, sustained low crude oil prices, (4) events having an adverse impact on assets, customers, or regions where we have a large investment, (5) operational disruption and increased costs associated with increased railcar assignments following non-renewal of leases, compliance maintenance programs, and other maintenance initiatives, (6) financial and operational risks associated with long-term railcar purchase commitments, (7) reduced opportunities to generate asset remarketing income, (8) changes in railroad efficiency that could decrease demand for railcars, (9) operational and financial risks related to our affiliate investments, including the RRPF affiliates, (10) fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, (11) failure to successfully negotiate collective bargaining agreements with the unions representing a substantial portion of our employees, (12) the impact of new regulatory requirements for tank cars carrying crude, ethanol, and other flammable liquids, (13) deterioration of conditions in the capital markets, reductions in our credit ratings, or increases in our financing costs, (14) asset impairment charges we may be required to recognize, (15) competitive factors in our primary markets, (16) risks related to international operations and expansion into new geographic markets, (17) exposure to damages, fines, and civil and criminal penalties arising from a negative outcome in our pending or threatened litigation, (18)  changes in, or failure to comply with, laws, rules, and regulations (19) inability to obtain cost-effective insurance, (20) environmental remediation costs, (21) inadequate allowances to cover credit losses in our portfolio, and (22) other risks discussed in our filings with the SEC, including our form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, all of which are available on the SEC's website (www.sec.gov).  
  Investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made, and are not guarantees of future performance. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. 

1 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.    Financial Statements  
   
  GATX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In millions, except share data) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

GATX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) 
  (In millions, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

GATX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
  (In millions) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE 1.  Description of Business 
    
  As used herein, "GATX," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms refer to GATX Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless indicated otherwise.  
    
  We lease, operate, manage, and remarket long-lived, widely-used assets, primarily in the rail market. We also invest in joint ventures that complement our existing business activities. We report our financial results through   four     primary business segments: Rail North America, Rail International, American Steamship Company ( ASC ), and Portfolio Management. 

NOTE   2  .    Basis of Presentation    
    
  We prepared the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements in accordance with US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, our unaudited consolidated financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required for complete financial statements. We have included all of the normal recurring adjustments that we deemed necessary for a fair presentation. 
    
  Operating results for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , are not necessarily indicative of the results we may achieve for the entire year ending December 31, 2016. In particular, ASC's fleet is inactive for a significant portion of the first quarter of each year due to winter conditions on the Great Lakes. In addition, asset remarketing income does not occur evenly throughout the year. For more information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes in our   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  Accounting Changes 
    
  Change in Accounting Estimate 
    
  At the end of 2015, we changed the approach used to measure service and interest costs for pension and other postretirement benefits. In prior years, we measured service and interest costs utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the plan obligations. For 2016, we measured service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along that yield curve to the plans  liability cash flows. We believe this approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans  liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. This change does not affect the measurement of our plan obligations. We have accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate and, accordingly, have applied it on a prospective basis. Our adoption of the full yield curve approach will reduce 2016 service and interest cost by approximately   $4.5 million   (  $2.8 million   after-tax) as compared to the previous method. 
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements Adopted 
    
  Consolidation 
    
  In February 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810) Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  , which amends the analysis required to determine whether to consolidate certain types of legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability corporations, and certain securitization structures. The new guidance was effective for us beginning in the first quarter of 2016. Application of the new guidance did not impact our financial statements or related disclosures. 
    
  Business Combinations 
    
  In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,   Business Combinations (Topic 805), Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments,   which requires the acquirer in a business combination to recognize measurement-period adjustments in the period in which it determines the amount of the adjustment. The new guidance was effective for us in the first quarter of 2016.  Application of the new guidance did not impact our financial statements or related disclosures. 

5 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
    
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  , which supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. Subsequently, the FASB has issued updates which provide additional implementation guidance. The new guidance requires companies to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The FASB delayed the effective date of this guidance to the first quarter of 2018, with early adoption permitted as of the original effective date of the first quarter of 2017. We can adopt the new guidance using either the retrospective method or the cumulative effect transition method. We are evaluating the effect that the new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and when we will elect to adopt this standard. 
    
  Leases 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  , which supersedes most current lease guidance.  The new guidance requires companies to recognize most leases on the balance sheet and modifies accounting, presentation, and disclosure for both lessors and lessees. The new guidance is effective for us in the first quarter of 2019 with early adoption permitted, using a modified retrospective transition method. We are evaluating the effect that the new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and when we will elect to adopt this standard. 
    
  Financial Instruments 
    
     In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01  , Financial Instruments - Overall:  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,   which modifies the accounting and reporting requirements for certain equity securities and financial liabilities. The new guidance is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of 2018 with certain provisions eligible for early adoption. We do not expect the new guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements or related disclosures. 
    
  Equity Method and Joint Ventures 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,   Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323):  Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  , which eliminates the requirement to retrospectively apply equity method accounting when an entity increases ownership or influence in a previously held investment. The new guidance is effective for us in the first quarter of 2017 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the new guidance to impact our financial statements or related disclosures.   
    
  Stock Compensation 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718):  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   which simplifies and clarifies certain aspects of share-based payment accounting and presentation. The new guidance is effective for us in the first quarter of 2017 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the guidance to impact our financial statements or related disclosures. 
    
  Credit Losses 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments,   which modifies how entities will measure credit losses. The new guidance is effective for us in the first quarter of 2020 with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effect that the new guidance will have on our financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  Statement of Cash Flows Classification 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,   which clarifies the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance is effective for us in the first quarter of 2018 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the new guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements or related disclosures. 
  
   6 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

NOTE   3  .    Variable Interest Entities    
    
  In prior periods, we were the primary beneficiary of   one   of our variable interest entities, a structured lease financing of a portfolio of railcars, because we had the power to direct its significant activities. As a result, we consolidated this variable interest entity. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company took full ownership of all assets, repaid the associated debt, and dissolved this entity.  
    
  The following table shows the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of the consolidated variable interest entity (in millions): 

_________ 
           (1)  
    All operating assets were pledged as collateral on the nonrecourse debt. 
       
  We determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of our other variable interest entities, which are primarily investments in aircraft spare engine leasing affiliates that were financed through a variety of equity investments and third-party lending arrangements. We are not the primary beneficiary of these variable interest entities because we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities  economic performance. Rather, that power was shared by the affiliate partners based on the terms of the relevant joint venture agreements, which require approval of all partners for significant decisions regarding the variable interest entity. 
    
  The following table shows the carrying amounts and maximum exposure to loss for our unconsolidated variable interest entities (in millions): 

7 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

NOTE   4  .    Fair Value Disclosure    
    
  The following tables show our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in millions): 

_________ 
  (1) Designated as hedges. 
  (2) Not designated as hedges. 
    
  We base our valuations of available-for-sale equity securities on their quoted prices on an active exchange. We value derivatives using a pricing model with inputs (such as yield curves and foreign currency rates) that are observable in the market or that can be derived principally from observable market data. 
    
  Derivative instruments 
    
  Fair Value Hedges 
    
  We use interest rate swaps to manage the fixed-to-floating rate mix of our debt obligations by converting the fixed rate debt to floating rate debt. For fair value hedges, we recognize changes in fair value of both the derivative and the hedged item as interest expense. We had   eight   instruments outstanding with an aggregate notional amount of   $550.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 that mature from   2017 to 2020  . 

8 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

Cash Flow Hedges 
    
  We use interest rate swaps to convert floating rate debt to fixed rate debt, and we use Treasury rate locks to hedge our exposure to interest rate risk on anticipated transactions. We also use currency swaps to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in the exchange rates of the foreign currencies in which we conduct business. We had   sixteen   instruments outstanding with an aggregate notional amount of   $471.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016   that mature from   2016 to 2022  , and   ten   instruments outstanding with an aggregate notional amount of   $442.9   million as of December 31, 2015. Within the next 12 months, we expect to reclassify   $5.6 million   (  $3.5 million   after-tax) of net losses on previously terminated derivatives from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense or operating lease expense, as applicable. We reclassify these amounts when interest expense and operating lease expense on the related hedged transactions affect earnings.  
    
  Non-designated Derivatives 
    
  We do not hold derivative financial instruments for purposes other than hedging, although certain of our derivatives are not designated as accounting hedges. We recognize changes in the fair value of these derivatives in other (income) expense immediately. 
    
  Some of our derivative instruments contain credit risk provisions that could require us to make immediate payment on net liability positions in the event that we default on certain outstanding debt obligations. The aggregate fair value of our derivative instruments with credit risk related contingent features that are in a liability position as of   September 30, 2016  , was   $14.4 million  . We are not required to post any collateral on our derivative instruments and do not expect the credit risk provisions to be triggered.  
    
  In the event that a counterparty fails to meet the terms of an interest rate swap agreement or a foreign exchange contract, our exposure is limited to the fair value of the swap, if in our favor. We manage the credit risk of counterparties by transacting with institutions that we consider financially sound and by avoiding concentrations of risk with a single counterparty. We believe that the risk of non-performance by any of our counterparties is remote. 
    
  The following table shows the impacts of our derivative instruments on our statements of comprehensive income (in millions):  

_________ 
  (1) The fair value adjustments related to the underlying debt equally offset amounts recognized in interest expense. 
  (2) Includes   $4.2 million   and   $11.0 million   of losses for the three and   nine months ended     September 30,   2016, and   $0.8 million   and   $3.5 million   of losses for the three and   nine months ended     September 30,   2015, on foreign currency derivatives which are substantially offset by gains from foreign currency remeasurement adjustments, also recognized in Other (income) expense. 
  (3) For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, includes   $5.1 million   of gains on foreign currency derivatives which are substantially offset by losses from foreign currency remeasurement adjustments on the outstanding AAE loan, also recognized in Other (income) expense. 

9 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

Other Financial Instruments 
    
  The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, rent and other receivables, accounts payable, and commercial paper and bank credit facilities approximate fair value due to the short maturity of those instruments. We base the fair values of investment funds, which are accounted for under the cost method, on the best information available, which may include quoted investment fund values. We estimate the fair values of loans and fixed and floating rate debt using discounted cash flow analyses based on interest rates currently offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The estimated fair values for these investments are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are based on directly or indirectly observable inputs. 
    
  The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair values of our other financial instruments (in millions): 

_________ 
  (1) Excludes related deferred financing costs. 

NOTE 5.  Assets Held For Sale 
    
  During the third quarter of 2015, we made the decision to exit the majority of our marine investments within the Portfolio Management segment, including   six   chemical parcel tankers (the "Nordic Vessels"), most of the inland marine vessels, and our   50%   interest in the Cardinal Marine joint venture. At that time, the Nordic Vessels and the inland marine vessels were classified as held for sale and adjusted to the lower of their respective carrying amounts or fair value less costs to dispose. Subsequently, certain of these marine investments were sold during the fourth quarter of 2015, including one of the Nordic Vessels. 
    
   In the first nine months of 2016, we sold additional marine assets, including   three   of the Nordic Vessels. Proceeds from the sales of Portfolio Management marine assets completed in the first nine months of 2016, including those designated as held for sale, were   $49.4 million  , resulting in a gain of   $4.2 million  . We also recognized a gain of   $1.0 million   resulting from additional proceeds received from the sale of the Cardinal Marine joint venture and recorded additional impairment losses of   $1.8 million   for certain of the remaining marine assets held for sale. We based the fair values of these assets on our estimate of the expected proceeds less costs to sell. 
    
  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had   $62.1 million   and   $106.0 million   of assets classified as held for sale on the balance sheet, including   $60.5 million   and   $103.4 million   of marine assets held in the Portfolio Management segment. 

10 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

NOTE   6  .    Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits    
    
  The following table shows components of our pension and other post-retirement benefits expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in millions): 

The following table shows components of our pension and other post-retirement benefits expense for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in millions): 

________ 
  (1) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
    
  Pension expense in 2016 was positively impacted by a prospective change in accounting estimate. See "Note 2. Basis of Presentation" for further details about this change in accounting estimate. In addition, during the third quarter of 2016, we recorded a settlement accounting adjustment of   $5.7 million   attributable to lump sum payments elected by eligible retirees as part of a voluntary early retirement program offered in 2015. 

NOTE   7  .    Share-Based Compensation    
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we granted   466,900   stock options,   83,100   restricted stock units,   95,100   performance shares, and   22,052   phantom stock units. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , total share-based compensation expense was $  3.2 million   and   $9.1 million   and the related tax benefits were $  1.3 million   and   $3.5 million  . For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , total share-based compensation expense was $  2.8 million   and   $8.9 million   and the related tax benefits were $  1.1 million   and   $3.4 million  . 
  
   11 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

The estimated fair value of our   2016   stock option awards and related underlying assumptions are shown in the table below.  

NOTE   8.  Income Taxes     
    
  Our effective tax rate was   33%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to   35%   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . The difference in the effective rates for the current year compared to prior year is primarily attributable to the mix of pretax income among domestic and foreign jurisdictions which are taxed at different rates.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits was   $4.3 million  . If fully recognized, these tax benefits would decrease our income tax expense by   $4.3 million   (  $2.8 million  , net of federal tax). During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we reduced our unrecognized tax benefit by   $1.4 million   based on a final determination ruling for a disputed state tax filing position. None of this amount was recognized in net income. We do not anticipate the recognition of tax benefits that were previously unrecognized within the next 12 months.  

NOTE   9  .    Commercial Commitments    
    
  We have entered into various commercial commitments, such as guarantees, standby letters of credit, and performance bonds, related to certain transactions. These commercial commitments require us to fulfill specific obligations in the event of third-party demands. Similar to our balance sheet investments, these commitments expose us to credit, market, and equipment risk. Accordingly, we evaluate these commitments and other contingent obligations using techniques similar to those we use to evaluate funded transactions.    
    
  The following table shows our commercial commitments (in millions): 

_________ 
   (1) The carrying value of liabilities on the balance sheet for commercial commitments was   $3.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $4.1 million   at December 31, 2015. The expirations of these commitments range from   2017 to 2023  . We are not aware of any event that would require us to satisfy any of our commitments.  
    
     Lease payment guarantees are commitments to financial institutions to make lease payments for a third-party in the event they default.  We reduce any liability that may result from these guarantees by the value of the underlying asset or group of assets.     
    
  We are also parties to standby letters of credit and performance bonds, which primarily relate to contractual obligations and general liability insurance coverages. No material claims have been made against these obligations, and no material losses are anticipated.    

12 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

NOTE   10  .    Earnings per Share    
    
  We compute basic earnings per share by dividing net income available to our common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of our common stock outstanding. We appropriately weighted shares issued or reacquired during the period for the portion of the period that they were outstanding. Our diluted earnings per share reflect the impacts of our potentially dilutive securities, which include our equity compensation awards. 
    
  On January 29, 2016, our board of directors authorized a   $300 million   stock repurchase program. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   2.2 million   shares had been repurchased for   $95.0 million  .     In 2015, we completed our prior   $250 million   share repurchase authorization approved in 2014.  
    
  The following table shows the computation of our basic and diluted net income per common share (in millions, except per share amounts): 

13 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

NOTE   11  .    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss  )  
    
  The following table shows the change in components for accumulated other comprehensive loss (in millions): 
   
 ________ 
  See "Note   4  .   Fair Value Disclosure  " and "Note   6  .   Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits  " for impacts of the reclassification adjustments on the statement of comprehensive income. 

NOTE   12  .    Legal Proceedings and Other Contingencies    
    
  Various legal actions, claims, assessments and other contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business are pending against GATX and certain of our subsidiaries. These matters are subject to many uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters could ultimately be decided, resolved or settled adversely. For a full discussion of our pending legal matters, please refer to "Note 24. Legal Proceedings and Other Contingencies" of our consolidated financial statements in our   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  Viareggio Derailment 
    
  In June 2009, a train consisting of fourteen liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) tank cars owned by GATX Rail Austria GmbH (an indirect subsidiary of the Company, "GATX Rail Austria") and its subsidiaries derailed while passing through the City of Viareggio, in the province of Lucca, Italy. Five tank cars overturned and one of the overturned cars was punctured by a peg or obstacle along the side of the track, resulting in a release of LPG, which subsequently ignited. Thirty-two people died and others were injured in the fire, which also resulted in property damage. The LPG tank cars were leased to FS Logistica S.p.A., a subsidiary of the Italian state-owned railway, Ferrovie dello Stato S.p.A (the  Italian Railway ). 
    
  On December 14, 2012, the Public Prosecutors of Lucca ("Public Prosecutors") formally charged GATX Rail Austria and two of its subsidiaries (collectively, "GRA"), as well as ten maintenance and supervisory employees (the "Employees"), with various negligence-based crimes related to the accident, all of which are punishable under Italian law by incarceration, damages, and fines. Similar charges were brought against four Italian Railway companies and eighteen of their employees, among others. The Public Prosecutors assert that the axle on a tank car broke, causing the derailment and resulting in a tank rupture and release of LPG, after the car hit an obstacle placed on the side of the track by the Italian Railway. The Public Prosecutors further allege that a crack in the axle was detectable at the time of final inspection but was overlooked by the Employees at the Jungenthal Waggon GmbH workshop (a subsidiary of GATX Rail Austria). 
    
  The trial in the Court of Lucca (the  Lucca Trial ) commenced on November 13, 2013. In July 2016, all parties finished presenting their evidentiary cases, and closing arguments began in September, 2016. The Public Prosecutors are seeking acquittals for two of the  
  
   14 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

Employees, incarceration of six to ten years for the other eight Employees, and fines of 1.0 million euros against each of GATX Rail Austria and its two defendant subsidiaries. GRA believes that it and its Employees acted diligently and properly, but we cannot predict the outcome of the Lucca Trial and, therefore, cannot reasonably estimate the possible range of loss, fines or penalties that may ultimately be incurred in connection with this matter.  While we anticipate that the Lucca Trial will conclude in 2016, we also expect that further appeals will be filed. 
    
  With respect to civil claims, GRA s insurers continue to work cooperatively with the insurer for the Italian Railway to adjust and settle personal injury and property damage claims. These joint settlement efforts have so far settled most of the significant civil claims related to the accident; however, approximately 55 civil claimants did not settle and are currently parties to the Lucca Trial. The Court of Lucca will determine both the civil and criminal liability of the defendants in the one proceeding.  Final civil damage awards for each claimant will be determined at subsequent civil damage hearings. GRA expects that its insurers will cover virtually all civil damages, if awarded to the claimants in the Lucca Trial or at subsequent civil damage hearings, as well as defense costs for such damage hearings. However, in the event that the Court of Lucca awards any reputational damages claimed by certain labor unions and associations, GRA s insurers will not cover those damages, which could range from  0.5 million to  2.0 million ($0.6 million to $2.2 million). 
    
  Since May 2012, one of the excess insurers providing coverage, Liberty Mutual Insurance Europe Limited ( Liberty ), has settled civil claims but refused to reimburse GRA for its ongoing legal defense fees and costs, taking a position contrary to our other insurers in the prior underlying layers that had provided coverage for such expenses. For the period from May 2012 to September 30, 2016, GRA incurred approximately $19.4 million in defense fees and costs, and GRA continues to incur costs in connection with the Lucca Trial. In October 2013, GRA filed an arbitration proceeding against Liberty seeking to recoup its unreimbursed defense fees and costs (the  Liberty Arbitration ), which was heard in November 2015. GRA received a partial arbitration award in its favor and subsequently settled with Liberty and all other insurers in the current coverage layer.  Pursuant to this settlement and subject to certain terms and conditions therein, the insurers will provide reimbursement of approximately 40% of defense costs incurred to date and through the end of the Lucca Trial. As of October 31, 2016, insurance reimbursements for the Lucca Trial totaled approximately $6.4 million. 
  
   15 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

NOTE   13  .    Financial Data of Business Segments    
    
  The financial data presented below depicts the profitability, financial position, and capital expenditures of each of our business segments. 
    
  We lease, operate, manage, and remarket long-lived, widely-used assets, primarily in the rail market. We also invest in joint ventures that complement our existing business activities. We report our financial results through   four     primary business segments: Rail North America, Rail International, ASC, and Portfolio Management.    
    
  Rail North America is composed of our wholly owned operations in the United States, Canada, and Mexico, as well as an affiliate investment. Rail North America primarily provides railcars pursuant to full-service leases under which it maintains the railcars, pays ad valorem taxes and insurance, and provides other ancillary services.    
    
  Rail International is composed of our wholly owned European operations ("GATX Rail Europe" or "GRE"), and a wholly owned railcar leasing business in India ("Rail India"), as well as one development stage affiliate in China. GRE leases railcars to customers throughout Europe pursuant to full-service leases under which it maintains the railcars and provides services according to customer requirements.    
    
  ASC operates the largest fleet of US-flagged vessels on the Great Lakes, providing waterborne transportation of dry bulk commodities such as iron ore, coal, limestone aggregates, and metallurgical limestone.    
    
  Portfolio Management generates leasing, marine operating, asset remarketing and management fee income through a collection of diversified wholly owned assets, joint venture investments, and managed assets.  
    
  Segment profit is an internal performance measure used by the Chief Executive Officer to assess the performance of each segment in a given period. Segment profit includes all revenues, pretax earnings from affiliates, and net gains on asset dispositions that are attributable to the segments, as well as expenses that management believes are directly associated with the financing, maintenance, and operation of the revenue earning assets. Segment profit excludes selling, general and administrative expenses, income taxes, and certain other amounts not allocated to the segments. These amounts are included in Other.    
    
  We allocate debt balances and related interest expense to each segment based upon predetermined debt to equity leverage ratios. Due to changes in the composition of our segments, we have modified segment leverage levels for 2016. The leverage levels for 2016 are 5:1 for Rail North America, 3:1 for Rail International, 1.5:1 for ASC and 1:1 for Portfolio Management. The leverage levels for 2015 were 5:1 for Rail North America, 2:1 for Rail International, 1.5:1 for ASC, and 3:1 for Portfolio Management.   We believe that by using this leverage and interest expense allocation methodology, each operating segment s financial performance reflects appropriate risk-adjusted borrowing costs  .  

16 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

The following tables show certain segment data for each of our business segments (in millions): 
   
 _____ 
  (1) Includes scrapping gains. 
  
   17 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

_____ 
  (1) Includes a   $19.0 million   impairment loss in the Portfolio Management segment. 
  (2) Includes scrapping gains. 

18 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

_____ 
  (1) Includes scrapping gains. 

19 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

_____ 
  (1) Includes a   $19.0 million   impairment loss in the Portfolio Management segment. 
  (2) Includes scrapping gains. 

20 

Item 2.    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
    
  We lease, operate, manage, and remarket long-lived, widely-used assets, primarily in the rail market. We also invest in joint ventures that complement our existing business activities. We report our financial results through   four     primary business segments: Rail North America, Rail International, American Steamship Company ( ASC ), and Portfolio Management.    
    
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the MD A in our   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015. We based the discussion and analysis that follows on financial data we derived from the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP and on certain other financial data that we prepared using non-GAAP components. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP components to the most comparable GAAP components, see  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  at the end of this item. 
    
  Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results we may achieve for the entire year ending December 31, 2016. For more information about our business, refer to our   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

DISCUSSION OF OPERATING RESULTS 
    
  The following table shows a summary of our reporting segments and consolidated financial results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30   (in millions, except per share data): 

21 

The following table shows our return on equity ("ROE") for the trailing twelve months ended   September 30  : 

Net income was   $226.2 million  , or   $5.49   per diluted share, for the first nine months of 2016 compared to   $147.1 million  , or   $3.33   per diluted share, in 2015. Results for the nine months ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015 included a net gain of $6.0 million and a net loss of $26.6 million associated with the planned exit of the majority of Portfolio Management's marine investments, as well as certain tax adjustments (see "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" at the end of this item for further details). Excluding the impact of these items, net income increased $46.5 million for the nine months ended   September 30  , 2016 compared to the prior year, driven largely by higher residual sharing income, partially offset by lower disposition gains and lower affiliate earnings. 
    
  Net income was   $95.7 million  , or   $2.36   per diluted share, for the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to   $39.5 million  , or   $0.91   per diluted share, in 2015. Results for the   third quarter   2016 and 2015 included a net gain of $4.3 million and a net loss of $26.6 million associated with the planned exit of the majority of Portfolio Management's marine investments, as well as certain tax adjustments (see "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" at the end of this item for further details). Excluding the impact of these items, net income increased $25.3 million for the third quarter 2016 compared to the prior year, driven by higher residual sharing income, partially offset by lower disposition gains. 

Segment Operations 
    
  Segment profit is an internal performance measure used by the Chief Executive Officer to assess the performance of each segment in a given period. Segment profit includes all revenues, pretax earnings from affiliates, and net gains on asset dispositions that are attributable to the segments, as well as expenses that management believes are directly associated with the financing, maintenance, and operation of the revenue earning assets. Segment profit excludes selling, general and administrative expenses, income taxes, and certain other amounts not allocated to the segments. These amounts are included in Other. 
    
  We allocate debt balances and related interest expense to each segment based upon predetermined debt to equity leverage ratios. Due to changes in the composition of our segments, we have modified segment leverage levels for 2016. The leverage levels for 2016 are 5:1 for Rail North America, 3:1 for Rail International, 1.5:1 for ASC and 1:1 for Portfolio Management. The leverage levels for 2015 were 5:1 for Rail North America, 2:1 for Rail International, 1.5:1 for ASC, and 3:1 for Portfolio Management.   We believe that by using this leverage and interest expense allocation methodology, each operating segment s financial performance reflects appropriate risk-adjusted borrowing costs  . 

RAIL NORTH AMERICA 
    
  Segment Summary    
    
  Rail North America continues to face challenging conditions in the railcar leasing market. The oversupply of railcars, weakness in railcar loadings, and relatively high railroad velocity continue to place pressure on lease rates, renewal success rate, and new car placements. Rail North America's strategy in this difficult environment is to compete aggressively on lease rates to protect utilization and to reduce the length of lease term as rates decline. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , Rail North America's wholly owned fleet, excluding boxcars, consisted of approximately 104,900 cars. Fleet utilization, excluding boxcars, was   99.0%   at the end of the   third quarter   of   2016   compared to 98.1% at the end of prior quarter and 99.2% at   September 30, 2015  . Fleet utilization for approximately 18,100 boxcars was   94.7%   at the end of the   third quarter   of   2016  , compared to 97.1% at the end of the prior quarter and 96.6% at   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  During the   third quarter   of   2016  , the Lease Price Index on renewals (the  LPI , see definition below) decreased   21.4%  , compared to a decrease of 25.4% in the prior quarter and an increase of 25.6% in the   third quarter   of 2015. The impact of high expiring lease rates in combination with declining renewal rates will further pressure the LPI for the remainder of 2016, based on scheduled lease expirations. Lease terms on renewals for cars in the LPI averaged   29   months in the current quarter, compared to 34 months in the prior quarter and  
  60 months in the   third quarter   of 2015. Additionally, the renewal success rate was 74.1% in the current quarter, compared to 62.6% in the prior quarter and 68.1% in the   third quarter   of 2015. For the   third quarter   of   2016  , an average of approximately 103,500 railcars, excluding boxcars, were on lease, compared to 103,800 in the prior quarter and 105,900 in the   third quarter   of 2015.  
    
  As of   September 30  , 2016, leases for approximately 4,650 railcars in our term lease fleet and approximately 2,620 boxcars are scheduled to expire over the remainder of 2016. These amounts exclude railcars on leases that were scheduled to expire later in 2016 but have already been renewed or assigned to a new lessee. 
    
  The following table shows Rail North America's segment results (in millions): 

The following table shows the components of Rail North America's lease revenue (in millions): 

Lease Price Index 
    
  Our LPI is an internally-generated business indicator that measures lease rate pricing on renewals for our North American railcar fleet, excluding boxcars. We calculate the index using the weighted average lease rate for a group of railcar types that we believe best represents our overall North American fleet, excluding boxcars. The average renewal lease rate change is reported as the percentage change between the average renewal lease rate and the average expiring lease rate, weighted by fleet composition. The average renewal lease term is reported in months and reflects the average renewal lease term of railcar types in the LPI, weighted by fleet composition. 
  
   22 

Rail North America Fleet Data 
    
  The following table shows fleet activity for Rail North America's railcars, excluding boxcars:   

23 

The following table shows fleet statistics for Rail North America's boxcars: 

Comparison of the First Nine Months of 2016 to the First Nine Months of 2015 
    
  Segment Profit 
    
  Segment profit was   $273.4 million  , compared to   $280.7 million   in the prior year. The decrease was driven by lower asset disposition gains and higher switching, freight and storage expense, partially offset by higher lease revenue and fee income.  
    
  Revenues 
    
  Lease revenue increased   $8.7 million   in 2016, primarily due to higher average lease rates and higher utilization revenue, partially offset by the impact of fewer cars on lease. Other revenue increased   $11.7 million  , primarily due to higher fees and repair revenue. Fees in 2016 included approximately $10.0 million for a penalty imposed by GATX for allowing a customer to return 200 crude oil cars prior to the contractual end of an existing lease. The majority of these cars were subsequently placed with other GATX customers. On occasion, customers may request relief from their lease commitments, particularly when underlying commodity markets turn down. However, our lease agreements do not include provisions for payment relief and any such arrangement would be negotiated and dependent on achieving an optimal economic outcome for GATX. 

24 

Expenses 
    
  Maintenance expense decreased   $3.5 million   in 2016, primarily as a result of lower repair costs for the base fleet and lower railroad repairs, partially offset by the impact of a higher number of boxcars undergoing maintenance. Depreciation expense increased   $12.9 million  , largely due to new railcar investments, including the purchase of railcars previously on operating leases. Operating lease expense decreased   $11.4 million  , resulting from the purchase of railcars previously on operating leases. Other operating expense increased   $6.9 million  , primarily due to higher switching, storage, and freight costs as a result of more cars being moved to storage. 
    
  Other Income (Expense) 
    
  Net gain on asset dispositions decreased   $18.0 million   in 2016, as fewer railcars were sold in the current year. The timing of remarketing income is dependent on a number of factors and will vary from quarter to quarter. Net interest expense increased   $5.1 million  , due to a higher average debt balance. 
    
  Investment Volume 
    
  During   2016  , investment volume was   $366.7 million   compared to $362.8 million in 2015. We acquired 2,361 newly built railcars and purchased 25 railcars in the secondary market in the first nine months of   2016  , compared to 2,224 newly built railcars and 293 railcars purchased in the secondary market in 2015. 
  Comparison of the Third Quarter of 2016 to the Third Quarter of 2015 
    
  Segment Profit 
    
  Segment profit was   $87.9 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, compared to   $90.0 million   in the prior year. Decreases in equalization revenue and lease revenue were substantially offset by lower maintenance expense.  
    
  Revenues 
    
  Lease revenue decreased   $1.9 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, primarily due to the impact of fewer cars on lease, partially offset by higher average lease rates. Other revenue decreased   $3.0 million  , primarily due to lower equalization revenue and lower fees.  
    
  Expenses 
    
  Maintenance expense decreased   $3.9 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, primarily due to lower railroad repairs. Depreciation expense increased   $3.9 million  , largely due to new railcar investments. Operating lease expense decreased   $3.4 million  , resulting from the purchase of railcars previously on operating leases. Other operating expense increased   $1.8 million  , primarily due to higher switching and freight costs as a result of more cars being moved to storage. 
    
  Other Income (Expense) 
    
  Net gain on asset dispositions increased   $1.6 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, as fewer railcars were sold in the current year but for a larger gain. Net interest expense increased   $0.1 million  , as the impact of a higher average debt balance was substantially offset by lower average interest rates. 
    
  North American Rail Regulatory Matters 
    
  On May 1, 2015, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration of the US Department of Transportation ( PHMSA ) issued final rules that established new design standards for tank cars in flammable liquids service (the  PHMSA Rules ). The PHMSA Rules became effective on July 7, 2015, and all newly built tank cars for use in certain flammable liquids service were required to comply with the new design standards commencing on October 1, 2015. The PHMSA Rules also established standards for modifications to existing tank cars in certain flammable liquids service and deadlines for modifying or removing those cars from service. The US Congress subsequently adopted the Fixing America s Surface Transportation Act ( FAST Act ), which changed certain requirements of the PHMSA Rules. Key changes included revisions to the design standards for modified cars, amendments to the modification deadlines, and expansion  
  
   25 

of the applicability of the new tank car design standards to all cars used in flammable liquids service. Under the FAST Act, the deadlines for modifying or removing existing tank cars from flammables service range from January 2018 to May 2029, depending on the type of car and the type of commodity carried. 
    
  On May 1, 2015, Transport Canada ( TC ) issued final rules establishing new design standards for tank cars carrying flammable liquids in Canada (the  Canadian Rules ). The Canadian Rules became effective on May 20, 2015, and all newly built tank cars for use in flammable liquids service were required to comply with the new standards effective October 1, 2015. The Canadian Rules also established standards for modifications to existing tank cars in flammable liquids service and deadlines for modifying or removing cars from service ranging from May 2017 to May 2025, depending on the type of car and the type of commodity carried. On July 25, 2016, Transport Canada announced that certain older tank cars, commonly referred to as "DOT 111" tank cars, must be removed from crude oil service effective October 31, 2016. 
    
  We have a fleet of approximately 123,000 railcars in North America, including approximately 13,300 tank cars currently used to transport flammable liquids that are affected by the new rules, of which approximately 4,000 are moving crude oil and ethanol. Over 90% of our affected tank cars have a compliance deadline of 2023 or later, and fewer than 25 tank cars in our fleet will be affected by Transport Canada's October 31, 2016 deadline for removal from crude oil service. We expect to modify some of the most modern of our affected tank cars to comply with the new standards. However, for the majority of the affected cars, we currently anticipate retiring, redeploying, or selling them rather than performing retrofits. 
  
   26 

RAIL INTERNATIONAL 
    
  Segment Summary  
    
  Rail International, particularly GATX Rail Europe ("GATX Rail Europe" or "GRE"), continues to experience stable demand for its railcars. Railcar utilization for GRE was   95.0%   at the end of the   third quarter   of 2016 compared to 94.8% at the end of the prior quarter and 95.7% at   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  GRE's results in the   third quarter   of 2016 continued to be impacted by higher wheelset costs, primarily due to a refurbishment program to address anti-corrosion paint issues on certain existing wheelsets. GRE is addressing this issue with the wheelset supplier and the potential pursuit of warranty remedies. 
    
  The following table shows Rail International's segment results (in millions):   

The following table shows fleet activity for GRE railcars: 

27 

\ 
    
  Comparison of the First Nine Months of 2016 to the First Nine Months of 2015 
    
  Foreign Currency 
    
  Rail International's reported results of operations are impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rates of the foreign currencies in which it conducts business, primarily the euro. In the first nine months of 2016, the value of the euro has fluctuated; however, in aggregate, the changes did not have a meaningful impact on revenue and segment profit compared to the first nine months of 2015. 
    
  Segment Profit 
    
  Segment profit was   $48.9 million   in 2016, compared to   $56.4 million   in the prior year. Higher maintenance expense and higher net interest expense in the current year, and a gain on the sale of a workshop in the prior year, were partially offset by higher lease revenue and the receipt of insurance proceeds in the current year for previously expensed legal defense costs.  
    
  Revenues 
    
     Lease revenue increased   $8.2 million   in 2016, primarily due to more cars on lease at higher rates in the current year. Other revenue decreased   $0.5 million  , primarily due to the absence of interest income on a loan that was repaid in 2015. 
    
  Expenses 
    
     Maintenance expense increased   $7.9 million   in 2016, primarily due to the costs of wheelset replacements, as discussed above, and the higher cost of railcar revisions. Depreciation expense increased   $1.6 million  , driven by the impact of new cars added to the fleet. Other operating expense increased   $0.3 million  , largely due to higher switching and freight costs. 

28 

Other Income (Expense) 
    
     Net gain on asset dispositions decreased   $5.0 million   in 2016, primarily due to a gain on the sale of a workshop in the prior year and lower railcar scrapping gains as a result of fewer railcars scrapped in the current year. Net interest expense increased   $5.4 million  , largely due to a higher average debt balance, partially offset by lower average interest rates. Other expense decreased   $5.0 million   due to insurance proceeds received in the current year for previously expensed legal defense costs.  
    
  Investment Volume 
    
  During 2016, investment volume was   $63.2 million   compared to   $110.1 million   in 2015. We acquired 592 railcars in GRE and 20 railcars in Russia in the first nine months of 2016 compared to 962 railcars at GRE, 50 railcars in Russia, and 369 railcars in India, in 2015.  
  Comparison of the Third Quarter of 2016 to the Third Quarter of 2015 
    
  Foreign Currency 
    
  In the   third quarter   of 2016, the value of the euro has fluctuated; however, in aggregate, the changes did not have a meaningful impact on revenue and segment profit compared to the   third quarter   of 2015. 
    
  Segment Profit  
    
  Segment profit was   $23.3 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, compared to   $15.5 million   in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to insurance proceeds received in the current year for previously expensed legal defense costs and higher lease revenue.   
    
  Revenues 
    
     Lease revenue increased   $2.5 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, primarily due to more cars on lease in the current year.  
    
  Expenses 
    
     Maintenance expense increased   $0.8 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, primarily due to the costs of wheelset replacements, as discussed above. Depreciation expense increased   $0.5 million  , driven by the impact of new cars added to the fleet.  
    
  Other Income (Expense) 
    
     Net interest expense increased   $0.3 million  , largely due to a higher average debt balance. Other expense decreased $7.3 million due to insurance proceeds received in the current year for previously expensed legal defense costs. 

29 

ASC 
    
  Segment Summary  
    
  During the first nine months of 2016, we carried   18.2 million   net tons of freight compared to 19.5 million net tons during the first nine months of 2015. Despite favorable operating conditions, lower demand across all commodities, as well as fewer higher-margin, long-haul shipments, negatively impacted operating results. Eleven vessels were in operation, compared to thirteen vessels in the prior year. 
    
  The following table shows ASC s segment results (in millions): 

Comparison of the First Nine Months of 2016 to the First Nine Months of 2015 
    
  Segment Profit 
    
  Segment profit was   $12.9 million   in 2016, compared to   $13.4 million   in the prior year. The decrease was driven by lower volume and a reduction in higher-margin, long-haul shipments of various commodities, partially offset by the impact of fewer vessels deployed. 
    
  Revenues 
    
  Marine operating revenue decreased   $17.4 million   in 2016, primarily due to lower volume as a result of decreased demand, as well as fewer long-haul shipments of various commodities. In addition, lower fuel revenue, which is offset in marine operating expense, contributed to the variance. 
    
  Expenses 
    
  Marine operating expense decreased   $13.7 million   in 2016 and reflects the impact of lower fuel costs, more efficient operations, and two fewer vessels deployed in the current year. 

30 

Investment Volume 
    
  ASC's investments in each period consisted of structural and mechanical upgrades to our vessels. 
  Comparison of the Third Quarter of 2016 to the Third Quarter of 2015 
    
  Segment Profit 
    
  Segment profit was   $7.8 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, compared to   $10.9 million   in the prior year. The decrease was primarily driven by lower volume as a result of decreased demand for commodities, partially offset by lower operating costs as a result of two fewer vessels deployed in the current year.  
    
  Revenues 
    
  Marine operating revenue decreased   $9.9 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, primarily due to reduced volume of various commodities. In addition, lower fuel revenue, which is offset in marine operating expense, contributed to the variance. 
    
  Expenses 
    
  Marine operating expense decreased   $5.2 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016 and reflects the impact of lower fuel costs, more efficient operations, and two fewer vessels deployed in the current year. 

PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT 
    
  Segment Summary  
    
  In the third quarter of 2015, GATX management made the decision to exit the majority of our marine investments within the Portfolio Management segment, including six chemical parcel tankers (the "Nordic Vessels"), most of the inland marine vessels, and our 50% interest in the Cardinal Marine joint venture. As a result, we sold certain of our marine investments during 2015, including our 50% interest in the Cardinal Marine joint venture and one of the Nordic Vessels. In the first nine months of 2016, we sold additional marine assets, including three of the Nordic Vessels. Proceeds from sales completed in the first nine months of 2016 were $49.4 million, resulting in a gain of $4.2 million. We also recognized a gain of $1.0 million resulting from additional proceeds received from the sale of the Cardinal Marine joint venture and recorded additional impairment losses of $1.8 million for certain of the remaining Portfolio Management marine assets held for sale. We expect to sell the remaining targeted marine investments in 2016. Upon completion of these sales, Portfolio Management will continue to own and operate other marine investments, consisting primarily of five liquefied gas carrying vessels (the "Norgas Vessels"). 
    
  The Rolls-Royce   Partners Finance companies (collectively the "RRPF affiliates") continue to perform well operationally, which reflects continued strong demand for aircraft spare engines. The RRPF affiliates contributed $32.0 million and $14.2 million to segment profit for the first nine months and third quarter of 2016, compared to $41.6 million and $17.6 million in 2015. 
    
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we realized residual sharing income of $82.5 million. Proceeds of $49.1 million were recorded as a result of the settlement of a residual sharing agreement. This agreement was originally entered into in 2001 and related to a residual guarantee we provided on certain rail assets. Receipt of the settlement fee concludes our participation in this transaction. Additionally, a customer sold its interest in two leased nuclear power plant facilities and, as manager of the leases, we received a portion of the sales proceeds. 
    
  Portfolio Management's total asset base was $  606.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to $636.5 million at December 31, 2015, and $737.7 million at   September 30, 2015  . Assets held for sale were $60.5 million at   September 30, 2016  , and $103.4 million at December 31, 2015. 
    
  The following table shows Portfolio Management's segment results (in millions):  

The following table shows the approximate net book values of Portfolio Management's assets (in millions): 

Comparison of the First Nine Months of 2016 to the First Nine Months of 2015 
    
  Comparisons of reported results for the current year and prior year are impacted by the sale of marine investments and residual sharing income. 
    
  Segment Profit 
    
  Segment profit was   $119.2 million   in 2016, compared to   $8.9 million   for the prior year. The current year included a net pre-tax gain of approximately $3.4 million associated with the planned exit of the majority of marine investments, compared to a net pre-tax loss of approximately $42.5 million in the prior year. Excluding the impacts of the net gain and loss, segment profit was $64.4 million higher than the prior year primarily due to higher residual sharing income and higher net operating income from the Norgas Vessels, partially offset by the absence of contributions from sold assets and lower RRPF affiliate income. 
    
  Revenues 
    
  Lease revenue decreased   $14.5 million   in 2016, primarily due to the impact of the sales of leased assets in both years. Marine operating revenue decreased   $10.7 million  , largely due to the absence of revenue from the sold marine investments and lower inland marine revenue,  
  
   31 

partially offset by higher revenue from the Norgas Vessels. Other revenue decreased   $0.5 million   primarily due to lower interest income and lower investment fund distributions in the current year.  
    
  Expenses 
       
  Marine operating expense decreased   $12.1 million   in 2016, primarily due to the impact from the vessels that were sold and lower expense for the inland marine vessels and the Norgas Vessels. Depreciation expense decreased   $10.4 million  , driven by the sale of assets in 2015 and 2016. Other operating expense increased $  3.1 million  , largely due to an additional loss reserve recorded in 2016 in connection with one investment. 
    
  Other Income (Expense) 
    
  Net gain on asset dispositions increased   $96.3 million   in 2016. The current year included a net pre-tax gain of approximately $2.4 million associated with the planned exit of marine investments compared to a net pre-tax loss of approximately $23.5 million in the prior year. Excluding these net gains and losses, net gain on asset dispositions increased $70.4 million primarily due to proceeds from the settlement of a residual sharing agreement and fees for our share of managed portfolio sales in 2016. Net interest expense decreased   $9.1 million   as a result of a lower average debt balance and lower average interest rates. 
    
  Share of affiliates' earnings increased   $11.2 million   in 2016, primarily due to an impairment charge of $19.0 million associated with the planned sale of our interest in the Cardinal Marine affiliate in 2015. Excluding the prior year charge, the share of affiliates' earnings decreased $7.8 million, primarily due to lower net disposition gains and lower operating results at the RRPF affiliates, partially offset by an additional gain in 2016 related to the sale of the Cardinal Marine joint venture. 
  Comparison of the Third Quarter of 2016 to the Third Quarter of 2015 
    
  Segment Profit 
    
  Segment profit was   $64.1 million   for the   third quarter   of 2016, compared to a loss of   $17.3 million   for the prior year. The current year included a net pre-tax gain of approximately $0.7 million associated with the sale of marine investments compared to a net pre-tax loss of approximately $42.5 million in the prior year. Excluding the impacts of the net gain and loss, segment profit was $38.2 million higher than prior year due to higher residual sharing gains, partially offset by lower aggregate net operating income from our marine operations and lower RRPF affiliate income. 
    
  Revenues 
    
  Lease revenue decreased   $4.9 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, primarily due to the impact of the sales of leased assets in both years. Marine operating revenue decreased   $5.6 million  , largely due to the absence of revenue from the sold marine investments.   
    
  Expenses 
       
  Marine operating expense decreased   $4.1 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, primarily due to the impact from the vessels that were sold and lower expense for the Norgas Vessels. Depreciation expense decreased   $3.0 million  , driven by the sale of assets in 2015 and 2016.  
    
  Other Income (Expense) 
    
  Net gain on asset dispositions increased   $65.6 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016. The current year included a net pre-tax loss of approximately $0.3 million associated with the sale of marine investments compared to a net pre-tax loss of approximately $23.5 million in the prior year. Excluding these items, net gain on asset dispositions increased $42.4 million primarily due to proceeds from the settlement of a residual sharing agreement in the current year. Net interest expense decreased   $2.6 million   as a result of a lower average debt balance and lower average interest rates. 
    
  Share of affiliates' earnings increased   $16.8 million   in the   third quarter   of 2016, primarily due to an impairment charge of $19.0 million associated with the planned sale of our interest in the Cardinal Marine affiliate in 2015. Excluding the prior year charge, the share of  
  
   32 

affiliates' earnings decreased $2.2 million, primarily due to lower net disposition gains and lower operating results at the RRPF affiliates, partially offset by an additional gain in 2016 related to the sale of the Cardinal Marine joint venture.  

OTHER 
  Other is comprised of selling, general and administrative expense ( SG A ), unallocated interest expense, and miscellaneous income and expense not directly associated with the reporting segments and eliminations. 
    
  The following table shows components of Other (in millions): 

SG A, Unallocated Interest and Other  
    
  SG A was   $6.9 million   lower for the first nine months of 2016 compared to the prior year, primarily due to lower pension, compensation and information technology expenses. The decrease in pension expense was driven by the change in accounting estimate discussed in "Note 2. Basis of Presentation" in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. This was partially offset by a settlement accounting adjustment in the current year attributable to lump sum payments elected by eligible retirees as part of a voluntary early retirement program offered in 2015. The decrease in compensation expense was driven by fewer employees, resulting from the closure of the San Francisco office in the prior year and the impact of the early retirement program taking effect in the current year. IT costs were lower due to timing of purchases. SG A was   $3.7 million   higher for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the prior year, largely due to the pension settlement accounting adjustment noted above. 
    
  Unallocated interest expense (the difference between external interest expense and interest expense allocated to the reporting segments in accordance with assigned leverage targets) in any period is affected by our consolidated leverage position, the timing of debt issuances and investing activities, and intercompany allocations. Other expense and eliminations was $0.6 million lower for the first nine months of 2016 and   $0.4 million   lower for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the prior year, both largely due to the impacts of foreign exchange on a foreign pension plan. 
    
  Consolidated Income Taxes 
    
  See "Note   8.  Income Taxes  " in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 

33 

CASH FLOW AND LIQUIDITY 
    
  We generate a significant amount of cash from operating activities and from our portfolio proceeds. We also access domestic and international capital markets by issuing unsecured or secured debt and commercial paper. We use these sources of cash, along with our available cash balances, to fulfill our debt, lease, and dividend obligations and to fund portfolio investments and capital additions. We primarily use cash from operations and commercial paper issuances to fund daily operations. 
    
  The timing of asset dispositions and changes in working capital impacts cash flows from portfolio proceeds and operations. As a result, these cash flow components may vary materially from quarter to quarter and year to year. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had an unrestricted cash balance of   $211.5 million  . 
    
  The following table shows our principal sources and uses of cash for the   nine months ended     September 30   (in millions): 

Net cash provided by operating activities of $  433.0 million   increased   $121.0 million   compared to 2015. The increase was driven by higher fee income, primarily residual sharing income, and lower operating lease payments. 
  Portfolio proceeds for the first nine months of 2016 of   $170.6 million   decreased by   $127.6 million   compared to 2015, primarily due to proceeds received in the prior year from the repayment of a loan. In January 2015, AAE Cargo AG repaid its outstanding loan in the amount of  67.5 million ($76.4 million). In addition, portfolio proceeds were lower as a result of fewer railcars sold.  
  Rail North America completed a sale-leaseback financing for 574 railcars in the first nine months of 2016. 
  Proceeds from the issuance of debt for the first nine months of 2016 were $  801.8 million   (net of discount, hedges and debt issuance costs). In 2016, $700 million of unsecured debt was issued, including a $350 million 10-year unsecured offering, a $200 million 5-year unsecured financing, and a $150 million 50-year unsecured offering. Additionally, $125 million was drawn and subsequently repaid on a new $250 million railcar facility. Debt repayments of $  801.2 million   for the first nine months of 2016 were   $97.8 million   higher than prior year. Each year included scheduled maturities and early retirements of debt. In 2015, repayments included $292.7 million in Europe.  
  Portfolio investments and capital additions primarily consist of purchases of operating assets and capitalized asset improvements. See individual segment discussions for further information on investment volume.  
  In the first quarter of 2016, our board of directors authorized a   $300 million   share repurchase program. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   2.2 million   shares had been acquired for   $95.0 million  , excluding commissions paid. 
  
   34 

Short-Term Borrowings 
  The following table provides additional information regarding our short-term borrowings for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  :   
 _________ 
  (1) Short-term borrowings in North America are comprised of commercial paper issued in the US. 
  (2) Short-term borrowings in Europe are comprised of borrowings under bank credit facilities. 
  Revolving Credit Facility 
  In the second quarter of 2016, we entered into a new $600 million, 5-year unsecured credit facility with terms and conditions similar to the prior $575 million facility, which was terminated. As of   September 30, 2016  , the full $600 million was available under the facility. 
  Restrictive Covenants 
  Our $600 million revolving credit facility contains various restrictive covenants, including requirements to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio and an asset coverage test. Certain of our other financings have the same financial covenants as the facility.   
  The indentures for our public debt also contain various restrictive covenants, including limitation on liens provisions that limit the amount of additional secured indebtedness that we may incur  .   Additionally, certain exceptions to the covenants permit us to incur an unlimited amount of purchase money and nonrecourse indebtedness.  
  The loan agreements for our European rail subsidiaries ("GATX Rail Europe" or "GRE") also contain restrictive covenants, including leverage and cash flow covenants specific to those subsidiaries, restrictions on making loans, and limitations on the ability of those subsidiaries to repay loans or to distribute capital to certain related parties (including GATX, the US parent company). These covenants effectively limit GRE's ability to transfer funds to us.  
  We do not anticipate any covenant violations nor do we anticipate that any of these covenants will restrict our operations or our ability to obtain additional financing. At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all covenants and conditions of all of our credit agreements. 
  Credit Ratings 
  The global capital market environment and outlook may affect our funding options and our financial performance.  Our access to capital markets at competitive rates depends on our credit rating and ratings outlook, as determined by rating agencies. As of   September 30, 2016  , our long-term unsecured debt was rated BBB by Standard   Poor's and Baa2 by Moody s Investors Service and our short-term unsecured debt was rated A-2 by Standard   Poor's and P-2 by Moody s Investors Service. Our rating outlook from both agencies was stable. 
  
   35 

Contractual Commitments 
  The following table shows our contractual commitments, including debt principal amounts, lease payments, and portfolio investments at   September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

_________ 
  (1) For remainder of the year. 
  (2) Primarily railcar purchase commitments. The amounts shown for all years are based on management's estimates of the timing, anticipated car types, and related costs of railcars to be purchased under its agreements. The amount shown for 2017 includes $14.8 million related to an option we exercised to purchase 556 railcars that are currently on lease and $24.0 million related to an option we exercised to purchase a vessel that is currently on lease. 
    
  In 2014, we entered into a long-term supply agreement with Trinity Rail Group, LLC, a subsidiary of Trinity Industries, Inc., to take effect in 2016. Under terms of the agreement, we will purchase up to 8,950 newly built railcars over a four-year period from March, 2016 through March, 2020. We may order either tank or freight cars; however, we expect that the majority of the order will be for tank cars. Except to the extent the parties otherwise agree, railcar pricing will be on an agreed upon or cost-plus basis subject to certain specified adjustments and surcharges throughout the term of the agreement. In addition, in January, 2017, either party may initiate a review of the cost-plus basis pricing if it is not reflective of then-current market prices. If the parties cannot agree on revised cost-plus pricing (or otherwise agree that no changes are necessary), either party may, at its election, deliver to the other party a notice of its intent to terminate, and in such case, the agreement will automatically terminate 30 days thereafter, unless the non-terminating party agrees to a specified revised margin as set forth in the agreement. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Refer to our   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015, for a summary of our policies. 

36 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
       
  In addition to financial results reported in accordance with GAAP, we compute certain financial measures using non-GAAP components, as defined by the SEC. These measures are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, GAAP and our financial measures may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. We have provided a reconciliation of our non-GAAP components to the most directly comparable GAAP components. 
    
  Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Components used in the Computation of Certain Financial Measures  
    
  Balance Sheet Measures 
    
  We include total on- and off-balance sheet assets because a portion of our North American railcar fleet has been financed through sale-leasebacks that are accounted for as operating leases and are not recorded on the balance sheet. Similarly, ASC utilizes vessels that are accounted for as operating leases and are not recorded on the balance sheet. We include these leased-in assets in our calculation of total assets (as adjusted) because it gives investors a more comprehensive representation of the magnitude of the assets we operate and that drive our financial performance. In addition, this calculation of total assets (as adjusted) provides consistency with other non-financial information we disclose about our fleet, including the number of railcars in the fleet, average number of cars on lease, and utilization. We also provide information regarding our leverage ratios, which are expressed as a ratio of debt (including off-balance sheet debt) to equity. The off-balance sheet debt amount in this calculation is the equivalent of the off-balance sheet asset amount. Reporting this corresponding off-balance sheet debt amount provides investors and other users of our financial statements with a more comprehensive representation of our debt obligations, leverage, and capital structure.  
    
  The following table shows total balance sheet assets (in millions):  

37 

The following table shows the components of recourse leverage (in millions, except recourse leverage ratio):  

________ 
           (1)  
    Includes on- and off-balance sheet recourse debt, capital lease obligations, and commercial paper and bank credit facilities, net of restricted cash. 
              (2) 
    Calculated as total recourse debt / shareholder's equity. 
     
   38 

Net Income Measures 
    
  We exclude the effects of certain tax adjustments and other items for purposes of presenting net income, diluted earnings per share, and return on equity because we believe these items are not attributable to our business operations. Management utilizes this information when analyzing financial performance because such amounts reflect the underlying operating results that are within management s ability to influence. Accordingly, we believe presenting this information provides investors and other users of our financial statements with meaningful supplemental information for purposes of analyzing year-to-year financial performance on a comparable basis and assessing trends. 
    
  The following tables show our net income, diluted earnings per share, and return on equity, excluding tax adjustments and other items (in millions, except per share data):     
    
  Impact of Tax Adjustments and Other Items on Net Income: 

________ 
           (1)  
    In 2015, we made the decision to exit the majority of our non-core, marine investments within our Portfolio Management segment. As a result, we recorded losses and gains associated with the impairments and sales of certain investments. 
              (2)  
    Deferred income tax adjustment due to an enacted statutory rate decrease in the United Kingdom in the third quarter of 2016. 

39 

Impact of Tax Adjustments and Other Items on Diluted Earnings per Share: 

________ 
  (*)  Sum of individual components may not be additive due to rounding. 
    
  Impact of Tax Adjustments and Other Items on Return on Equity: 

40 

The following table show our net income and return on equity, excluding tax adjustments and other items for the trailing twelve months ended September 30 (in millions): 
                               
    2016 
      
    2015 
      Net income (GAAP) 
    $ 
    284.4 

$ 
    205.6 
      
      Adjustments attributable to consolidated income, pretax: 

Net (gain) loss on wholly owned Portfolio Management marine investments (1) 
    (16.7 
    ) 
      
    23.5 
      
      Early retirement program (2) 
    9.0 

Total adjustments attributable to consolidated income, pretax 
    $ 
    (7.7 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    23.5 
      
      Income taxes, thereon based on applicable effective tax rate 
    $ 
    2.8 

$ 
    (8.8 
    ) 

Other income tax adjustments attributable to consolidated income: 

Income tax rate changes (3) 
    14.1 

Total other income tax adjustments attributable to consolidated income 
    $ 
    14.1 

$ 

Adjustments attributable to affiliates' earnings, net of taxes: 

Net (gain) loss on Portfolio Management marine affiliate (1)(4) 
    (0.6 
    ) 
      
    11.9 
      
      Income tax rate changes (5) 
    (11.6 
    ) 

Total adjustments attributable to affiliates' earnings, net of taxes 
    $ 
    (12.2 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    11.9 

Net income, excluding tax adjustments and other items (non-GAAP) 
    $ 
    281.4 

$ 
    232.2 

________ 
           (1)  
    In 2015, we made the decision to exit the majority of our non-core, marine investments within our Portfolio Management segment. As a result, we recorded losses and gains associated with the impairments and sales of certain investments. 
              (2) 
    Expenses associated with an early retirement program offered to certain eligible employees. 
              (3) 
    Deferred income tax adjustment attributable to an increase of our effective state income tax rate. 
               (5) 
    Deferred income tax adjustments due to enacted statutory rate decreases in the United Kingdom. 

41 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  Since December 31, 2015, there have been no material changes in our interest rate and foreign currency exposures or types of derivative instruments used to hedge these exposures. For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk" of our   Annual Report on Form 10-K f  or the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures 
  We have conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )), with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.  Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
  
   42 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings 
    
  Information concerning litigation and other contingencies is described in "Note   12  .   Legal Proceedings and Other Contingencies  " in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference.  

Item 1A.    Risk Factors 
    
  Since December 31, 2015, there have been no material changes in our risk factors. For a discussion of our risk factors, refer to "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of our   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
  (c) On January 29, 2016, our board of directors authorized a   $300 million   share repurchase program. The following is a summary of stock repurchases completed by month for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , $205.0 million remains available under the repurchase authorization. 

_________ 
   (1) Does not include commissions paid to repurchase shares. 

Item 6.    Exhibits 
    
  Exhibits: 
  Reference is made to the exhibit index which is included herewith and is incorporated by reference hereto. 

43 

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
               GATX CORPORATION 
  (Registrant) 
        
      /s/ Robert C. Lyons 
      Robert C. Lyons 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      (Duly Authorized Officer) 

Date:   October 31, 2016    

44 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

45 

<EX-31.A>
 2
 gmt-20160930xexhibit31a.htm
 EXHIBIT 31A

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31A 
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
    
  I, Brian A. Kenney, certify that: 
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of GATX Corporation (the "Company"); 
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5.  The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Brian A. Kenney 
      Brian A. Kenney 
      Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

October 31, 2016    

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 3
 gmt-20160930xexhibit31b.htm
 EXHIBIT 31B

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31B 
  Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
    
  I, Robert C. Lyons, certify that: 
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of GATX Corporation (the "Company"); 
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5.  The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Robert C. Lyons 
      Robert C. Lyons 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

October 31, 2016    

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 4
 gmt-20160930xexhibit32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of GATX Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
  (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   /s/ Brian A. Kenney 
      
    /s/ Robert C. Lyons 
      Brian A. Kenney 
      
    Robert C. Lyons 
      Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

October 31, 2016    
  This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by GATX Corporation for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to GATX Corporation and will be retained by GATX Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 gmt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gmt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gmt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gmt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gmt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gmt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

