<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1000694_0001144204-16-132792_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4427334</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123165</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>258321</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1080790</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2003560</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>869641</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132792.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160832
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132792
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NOVAVAX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000694
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				222816046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26770
		FILM NUMBER:		161984284

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 FIRSTFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-268-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 FIRSTFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132792.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451590_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

 OR 

For the transition period from         to          .  

Commission File No. 0-26770  

NOVAVAX, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       22-2816046    

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.)   

20 Firstfield Road, Gaithersburg,
MD   

20878    
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip code)   

(240) 268-2000  

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes       No      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       
      Non-accelerated filer       
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No

The number of shares
outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock, $0.01 par value, was 271,245,967 as of October 31, 2016. 

NOVAVAX, INC.  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page
    No.   
 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Consolidated Financial Statements   
     1  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      1   

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
      2   

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
      3   

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
     4  

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      19   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      35   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      35   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      36   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      36   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      36   

SIGNATURES    
      37   

i   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

NOVAVAX, INC.  

   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in thousands, except share and per
share information) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

1  

NOVAVAX, INC. 

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in thousands, except per share information) 

 (unaudited) 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS  

  (in thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

2  

NOVAVAX, INC. 

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in thousands) 

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

3  

NOVAVAX, INC. 

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

Note 1   Organization 

Novavax, Inc. ( Novavax, 
and together with its wholly owned subsidiary,  Novavax AB,  the  Company ) is a clinical-stage vaccine
company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of recombinant nanoparticle vaccines and adjuvants. Using innovative
proprietary recombinant nanoparticle vaccine platform technology, the Company produces vaccine candidates to efficiently and effectively
respond to both known and emerging disease threats. The Company s vaccine candidates are genetically engineered three-dimensional
nanostructures that incorporate recombinant protein antigens critical to disease pathogenesis. The Company s product pipeline
targets a variety of infectious diseases with clinical vaccine candidates for respiratory syncytial virus ( RSV ) and
Ebola virus ( EBOV ), and preclinical programs for Zika virus, seasonal influenza and a combination respiratory vaccine
candidate, as well as other disease vaccine candidates. 

Note 2   Operations 

The Company s
vaccine candidates currently under development, some of which include adjuvants, will require significant additional research and
development efforts that include extensive preclinical studies and clinical testing, and regulatory approval prior to commercial
use. 

As a clinical-stage
vaccine company, the Company has primarily funded its operations from proceeds through the sale of its common stock in equity offerings,
the issuance of convertible debt and revenue under its prior contract with the Department of Health and Human Services, Biomedical
Advanced Research and Development Authority ( HHS BARDA ) and, to a lesser degree, revenue under the grant agreement
with the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation ( BMGF ) and its prior contract with PATH Vaccine Solutions ( PATH ).   Management
regularly reviews the Company s cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities relative to its operating budget and
forecast to monitor the sufficiency of the Company s working capital, and anticipates continuing to draw upon available sources
of capital to support its product development activities. 

Following the results
of the top-line data from the Phase 3 clinical trial of its RSV F Vaccine in older adults, on November 9, 2016, the Company announced
a restructuring plan (the  Restructuring Plan ) designed to meet the following key objectives: 

Prioritize development activities to achieve clinical data events during 2017;   

Reduce cash burn, extend financial horizon and minimize near-term dilution; and   

Maintain operational core competencies to execute development plans.   

The Restructuring Plan
includes an immediate reduction in workforce of approximately 30%. The Company expects to incur one-time restructuring costs of
approximately $3 million to $4 million, including cash severance expenses, in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

The Restructuring Plan
was engineered to support the following high-level operating priorities (each of which is more fully articulated in the program
descriptions in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations): 

Continued execution of the global pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial,
known as Prepare , of its RSV   F Vaccine for infants via maternal immunization;

Initiation of  a multi-arm, dose-ranging Phase 2 clinical
trial of its RSV F Vaccine in older adults; and    

Initiation of a Phase 1 clinical trial of its Zika vaccine candidate in 2017.   

4  

Note 3   Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10
of Regulation S-X. The consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016, the consolidated statements of operations and the consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the consolidated statements
of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited, but include all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring adjustments) that the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results,
comprehensive loss and cash flows, respectively, for the periods presented. Although the Company believes that the disclosures
in these consolidated financial statements are adequate to make the information presented not misleading, certain information and
footnote information normally included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed
or omitted as permitted under the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 

The unaudited consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Novavax, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Novavax AB. All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. The functional currency of Novavax AB, which is located in Sweden, is the local
currency (Swedish Krona). The translation of assets and liabilities of Novavax AB to U.S. dollars is made at the exchange rate
in effect at the consolidated balance sheet date, while equity accounts are translated at historical rates. The translation of
the statement of operations data is made at the average exchange rate in effect for the period. The translation of operating cash
flow data is made at the average exchange rate in effect for the period, and investing and financing cash flow data is translated
at the exchange rate in effect at the date of the underlying transaction. Translation gains and losses are recognized as a component
of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The foreign currency translation adjustment
balance included in accumulated other comprehensive loss was $10.0 million and $9.1 million at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. 

The accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Results for this or any interim period are not
necessarily indicative of results for any future interim period or for the entire year. The Company operates in one business segment. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of
the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

5  

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents consist of highly
liquid investments with maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the
following at (in thousands): 

Cash equivalents are
recorded at cost, which approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. 

Fair Value Measurements

The Company applies
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , for financial
and non-financial assets and liabilities. 

ASC 820 discusses valuation
techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market prices), the income approach (present value of future income or cash
flow) and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). The statement utilizes a fair
value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following
is a brief description of those three levels: 

Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities.   

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.   

Level 3: Unobservable inputs that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions.   

Marketable Securities 

Marketable securities
consist of commercial paper, asset-backed securities, U.S. Treasury securities and corporate notes. Classification of marketable
securities between current and non-current is dependent upon the maturity date at the balance sheet date taking into consideration
the Company s ability and intent to hold the investment to maturity. 

Interest and dividend
income is recorded when earned and included in investment income in the consolidated statements of operations. Premiums and discounts,
if any, on marketable securities are amortized or accreted to maturity and included in investment income in the consolidated statements
of operations. The specific identification method is used in computing realized gains and losses on the sale of the Company s
securities. 

The Company classifies
its marketable securities with readily determinable fair values as  available-for-sale.  Investments in securities
that are classified as available-for-sale are measured at fair market value in the consolidated balance sheets, and unrealized
holding gains and losses on marketable securities are reported as a separate component of stockholders  equity until realized.
Marketable securities are evaluated periodically to determine whether a decline in value is  other-than-temporary. 
The term  other-than-temporary  is not intended to indicate a permanent decline in value. Rather, it means that the
prospects for a near term recovery of value are not necessarily favorable, or that there is a lack of evidence to support fair
values equal to, or greater than, the carrying value of the security. Management reviews criteria, such as the magnitude and duration
of the decline, as well as the Company s ability to hold the securities until market recovery, to predict whether the loss
in value is other-than-temporary. If a decline in value is determined to be other-than-temporary, the value of the security is
reduced and the impairment is recorded in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. 

6  

Restricted Cash 

The Company s
current and noncurrent restricted cash includes payments received under the Grant Agreement (see Note 10) and cash collateral accounts
under letters of credit that serve as security deposits for certain facility leases. The Company will utilize the Grant Agreement
funds as it incurs expenses for services performed under the agreement. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the restricted
cash balances consist of payments received under the Grant Agreement of $31.5 million and $36.5 million and security deposits of
$1.7 million and $0.9 million, respectively. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company performs
research and development for U.S. Government agencies and other collaborators under cost reimbursable and fixed price contracts,
including license, grant and clinical development agreements. The Company recognizes revenue under research contracts when a contract
has been executed, the contract price is fixed or determinable, delivery of services or products has occurred and collection of
the contract price is reasonably assured. Payments received in advance of work performed are recorded as deferred revenue and losses
on contracts, if any, are recognized in the period in which they become known. 

Under cost reimbursable
contracts with U.S. Government agencies, the Company is reimbursed and recognizes revenue as allowable costs are incurred plus
a portion of the fixed-fee earned. The Company considers fixed-fees under cost reimbursable contracts to be earned in proportion
to the allowable costs incurred in performance of the work as compared to total estimated contract costs, with such costs incurred
representing a reasonable measurement of the proportional performance of the work completed. Under its HHS BARDA contract (see
Note 10), certain activities were pre-approved by HHS BARDA in order for their costs to be deemed allowable direct costs. Direct
costs incurred under cost reimbursable contracts are recorded as research and development expenses. Payments to the Company under
cost reimbursable contracts with agencies of the U.S. Government, such as the HHS BARDA contract, are provisional payments subject
to adjustment upon annual audit by the government. An audit of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 has been initiated, but has not been
completed as of the date of this filing. Management believes that revenue for periods not yet audited has been recorded in amounts
that are expected to be realized upon final audit and settlement. When the final determination of the allowable costs for any year
has been made, revenue and billings may be adjusted accordingly in the period that the adjustments are known and collection is
probable. 

Under its grant agreement
with BMGF (see Note 10), the Company is reimbursed for certain costs that support development activities, including the Company s
global Phase 3 clinical trial in pregnant women in their third trimester, product licensing efforts and World Health Organization
( WHO ) prequalification of the RSV F Vaccine. Payments received under the grant agreement are recognized as revenue
in the period in which such research and development activities are performed. 

The Company s
collaborative research and development agreements may include upfront payments, payments for research and development services,
milestone payments and royalties. Agreements with multiple deliverables are evaluated to determine if the deliverables can be divided
into more than one unit of accounting. A deliverable can generally be considered a separate unit of accounting if both of the following
criteria are met: (1) the delivered item(s) has value to the customer on a stand-alone basis; and (2) if the arrangement includes
a general right of return relative to the delivered item(s), delivery or performance of the undelivered item(s) is considered probable
and substantially in control of the Company. Deliverables that cannot be divided into separate units are combined and treated as
one unit of accounting. Consideration received is allocated among the separate units of accounting based on the relative selling
price method. Deliverables under these arrangements typically include rights to intellectual property, research and development
services and involvement by the parties in steering committees. Historically, deliverables under the Company s collaborative
research and development agreements have been deemed to have no stand-alone value and as a result have been treated as a single
unit of accounting. In addition, the Company analyzes its contracts and collaborative agreements to determine whether the payments
received should be recorded as revenue or as a reduction to research and development expenses. In reaching this determination,
management considers a number of factors, including whether the Company is principal under the arrangement, and whether the arrangement
is significant to, and part of, the Company s core operations. Historically, payments received under its contracts and collaborative
agreements have been recognized as revenue since the Company acts as a principal in the arrangement and the activities are core
to its operations. 

7  

When the performance
under a fixed price contract can be reasonably estimated, revenue for fixed price contracts is recognized under the proportional
performance method and earned in proportion to the contract costs incurred in performance of the work as compared to total estimated
contract costs. Costs incurred under fixed price contracts represent a reasonable measurement of proportional performance of the
work. Direct costs incurred under collaborative research and development agreements are recorded as research and development expenses.
If the performance under a fixed price contract cannot be reasonably estimated, the Company recognizes the revenue on a straight-line
basis over the contract term. 

Revenue associated
with upfront payments under arrangements is recognized over the contract term or when all obligations associated with the upfront
payment have been satisfied. 

Revenue from the achievement
of research and development milestones, if deemed substantive, is recognized as revenue when the milestones are achieved and the
milestone payments are due and collectible. If not deemed substantive, the Company would recognize such milestone as revenue upon
its achievement on a straight-line basis over the remaining expected term of the research and development period. Milestones are
considered substantive if all of the following conditions are met: (1) the milestone is non-refundable; (2) there is substantive
uncertainty of achievement of the milestone at the inception of the arrangement; (3) substantive effort is involved to achieve
the milestone and such achievement relates to past performance; and (4) the amount of the milestone appears reasonable in relation
to the effort expended and all of the deliverables and payment terms in the arrangement. 

Net Loss per Share   

Net loss per share
is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
had outstanding stock options and unvested restricted stock awards totaling 32,696,757 and 23,159,206, respectively. As of September
30, 2016, the Company s Notes were initially convertible into approximately 47,716,900 shares of the Company s common
stock. These and any shares due to the Company upon settlement of its capped call transactions are excluded from the computation,
as their effect is antidilutive. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

Recently Adopted   

I n
April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ( ASU 2015-03 ). The new standard requires
that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This ASU became effective for the Company beginning January
1, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 did not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Not Yet Adopted   

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ) that increases transparency and comparability
among organizations by requiring the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosure of key
information about leasing arrangements for both lessees and lessors. The standard will be effective January 1, 2019 for the Company,
with early adoption permitted. The standard will be applied using a modified retrospective approach to the beginning of the earliest
period presented in the financial statements.  The Company is currently evaluating when it will adopt the standard and the
expected impact to its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

8  

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  ( ASU 2016-09 ) that simplifies
the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company plans to adopt this standard on the effective
date, January 1, 2017, and does not expect the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and
related disclosure. 

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes nearly
all existing revenue recognition guidance under Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition . The new standard requires a company to recognize
revenue when it transfers goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects
to receive for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five-step process that includes identifying the contract with the
customer, identifying the performance obligations in the contract, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction
price to the performance obligations in the contract and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance
obligations. In July 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date of the new standard to 2018 for public
companies, with an option that would permit companies to adopt the new standard as early as the original effective date of 2017.
Early adoption prior to the original effective date is not permitted. ASU 2014-09 allows for either full retrospective or
modified retrospective adoption. The Company is evaluating the potential impact that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated
financial position and results of operations. 

Reclassifications   

For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, cost of government contracts revenue of $2.7 million and $8.1 million, respectively, have been
reclassified to research and development expenses. At December 31, 2015, accounts receivable - unbilled of $0.9 million has been
reclassified to accounts receivable and restricted cash of $0.9 million has been reclassified from other non-current assets to
restricted cash (non-current). These reclassifications have been made to conform to the current year presentation. 

Note 4   Fair Value Measurements  

The
following table represents the Company s fair value hierarchy for its financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
(in thousands):  

Fixed-income investments
categorized as Level 2 are valued at the custodian bank by a third-party pricing vendor s valuation models that use verifiable
observable market data, e.g., interest rates and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals and credit spreads, bids
provided by brokers or dealers or quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics. Pricing of the Company s
Notes (see Note 7) has been estimated using other observable inputs, including the price of the Company s common stock, implied
volatility, interest rates and credit spreads among others. Over time, the Company expects a market for the Notes to develop. At
that time, the Company intends to use trade data as the principal basis for measuring fair value. 

9  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not have any transfers between levels .  

The amounts in the
Company s consolidated balance sheet for accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value due to their short-term
nature. Based on borrowing rates available to the Company, the fair value of capital lease and notes payable approximates their
carrying value. The Company s milestone payment due to Wyeth (see Note 11) approximates its fair value at September 30, 2016. 

Note 5   Marketable Securities  

Marketable securities
classified as available-for-sale as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were comprised of (in thousands): 

Marketable Securities
  Unrealized Losses   

The primary objective
of the Company s investment policy is the preservation of capital; limiting investments to certain types of instruments with
high-grade credit ratings, restricting maturities and concentrations in certain industries and requiring the Company to maintain
a certain level of liquidity. 

The Company owned 42
available-for-sale securities as of September 30, 2016. Of these 42 securities, 14 had combined unrealized losses of less than
$0.1 million as of September 30, 2016. The Company did not have any investments in a loss position for greater than 12 months as
of September 30, 2016. The Company has evaluated its marketable securities and has determined that none of these investments have
an other-than-temporary impairment, as it has no intent to sell securities with unrealized losses and it is not more likely than
not that the Company will be required to sell any securities with unrealized losses, given the Company s current and anticipated
financial position. 

10  

Note 6   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  

Goodwill   

The change in the carrying amounts of goodwill
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows (in thousands): 

Identifiable Intangible
Assets   

Purchased intangible assets consisted of
the following as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

Amortization expense
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.6 million. 

Estimated amortization
expense for existing intangible assets for the remainder of 2016 and for each of the five succeeding years ending December 31 will
be as follows (in thousands): 

Note 7   Long-Term Debt  

Convertible Notes   

In the first quarter
of 2016, the Company issued $325 million  aggregate principal amount of convertible senior
unsecured notes that will mature on  February 1, 2023  (the  Notes ).
  The Notes are senior unsecured debt obligations and were issued
at par. The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated January 29, 2016 (the  Indenture ), between the Company
and the trustee.   The Company received $315.0 million in net proceeds from the offering
after deducting underwriting fees and offering expenses. The Notes bear cash interest at a rate of 3.75%, payable on  February
1  and  August 1  of each year,
beginning on  August 1, 2016 . The Notes are not redeemable prior to maturity and
are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. The Notes are initially convertible into approximately
47,716,900 shares of the Company s stock based on the initial conversion rate of 146.8213 shares of the Company s common
stock per  $1,000  principal amount of the Notes. This represents an initial
conversion price of approximately  $6.81  per share of the Company s
common stock,  representing an approximate 22.5% conversion premium based on the last reported sale price of the Company s
common stock of $5.56 per share on January 25, 2016. In addition, the holders of the Notes may require the Company to repurchase
the Notes at par value plus accrued and unpaid interest following the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (as described in the Indenture).
If a holder of the Notes converts upon a Make-Whole Adjustment Event (as described in the Indenture), they may be eligible to receive
a make-whole premium through an increase to the conversion rate up to a maximum of 179.8561 shares per $1,000 principal amount
of Notes (subject to other adjustments as described in the Indenture). 

11  

The Notes are accounted
for in accordance with ASC 470-20,  Debt with Conversion and Other Options  and ASC 815-40,  Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity.  Under ASC 815-40, to qualify for equity classification (or nonbifurcation, if embedded) the instrument (or embedded
feature) must be both (1) indexed to the issuer s stock and (2) meet the requirements of the equity classification guidance.
Based upon the Company s analysis, it was determined the Notes do contain embedded features indexed to its own stock, but
do not meet the requirements for bifurcation, and therefore do not need to be separately accounted for as an equity component.
Since the embedded conversion feature meets the equity scope exception from derivative accounting, and also since the embedded
conversion option does not need to be separately accounted for as an equity component under ASC 470-20 ,  the proceeds received
from the issuance of the convertible debt was recorded as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet. 

In connection with
the issuance of the Notes, the Company also paid $38.5 million, including expenses, to enter into privately negotiated
capped call transactions with certain financial institutions (the  capped call transactions ). The capped call transactions
are generally expected to reduce the potential dilution upon conversion of the Notes in the event that the market price per share
of the Company s common stock, as measured under the terms of the capped call transactions, is greater than the strike price
of the capped call transactions, which initially corresponds to the conversion price of the Notes, and is subject to anti-dilution
adjustments generally similar to those applicable to the conversion rate of the Notes. The cap price of the capped call transactions
will initially be $9.73 per share, which represented a premium of approximately 75% based on the last reported sale price
of the Company s common stock of $5.56 per share on January 25, 2016, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms
of the capped call transactions. If, however, the market price per share of the Company s common stock, as measured under
the terms of the capped call transactions, exceeds the cap price, there would nevertheless be dilution upon conversion of the Notes
to the extent that such market price exceeds the cap price. The Company evaluated the capped call transactions under ASC 815-10
and determined that it should be accounted for as a separate transaction and that the capped call transactions will be classified
as an equity instrument. 

The Company incurred
approximately $10.0 million of debt issuance costs during the first quarter of 2016 relating to the issuance of the Notes, which
were recorded as a reduction to the Notes on the consolidated balance sheet. The $10.0 million of debt issuance costs is being
amortized and recognized as additional interest expense over the 7 year contractual term of the Notes using the effective interest
rate method. The Company also incurred $0.9 million of expenses related to the capped call transactions, which were recorded as
a reduction to additional paid-in-capital. 

Total convertible notes
payable consisted of the following at (in thousands): 

12  

Interest expense incurred in connection
with the Notes consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Note 8   Stockholders  Equity  

During the first quarter
of 2016, in connection with the Company s issuance of the Notes, the Company also entered into privately negotiated capped
call transactions as discussed in Note 7.  The cost of the capped call transactions and associated expenses totaling $38.5
million were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in-capital. 

In March 2015, the
Company completed a public offering of 27,758,620 shares of its common stock, including 3,620,689 shares of common stock that were
issued upon the exercise in full of the option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters, at a price of $7.25 per
share resulting in proceeds, net of offering costs of $11.6 million, of approximately $190 million. 

In 2012, the Company
entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement ( Sales Agreement ), under which the Company sold an aggregate of
$50 million in gross proceeds of its common stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company sold 1.4 million
shares at an average sales price of $10.63 per share, resulting in $14.6 million in net proceeds. The Sales Agreement was fully
utilized at that time. 

Note 9   Stock-Based
Compensation  

Stock Options   

The Amended and Restated
2005 Stock Incentive Plan ( 2005 Plan ) expired in February 2015 and no new awards may be made under such plan, although
awards will continue to be outstanding in accordance with their terms. Under the Company s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, as
amended ( 2015 Plan ), equity awards may be granted to officers, directors, employees and consultants of and advisors
to the Company and any present or future subsidiary. The 2015 Plan authorizes the issuance of up to 31,000,000 shares of common
stock under equity awards granted under the plan, including an increase of 6,000,000 shares approved at the Company s 2016
annual meeting of stockholders. All such shares authorized for issuance under the 2015 Plan have been reserved. The 2015 Plan will
expire on March 4, 2025. 

The 2015 Plan permits
and the 2005 Plan permitted, the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options), restricted stock, stock appreciation
rights and restricted stock units. In addition, under the 2015 Plan, unrestricted stock, stock units and performance awards may
be granted. Stock options and stock appreciation rights generally have a maximum term of 10 years and may be or were granted with
an exercise price that is no less than 100% of the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the time of grant.
Grants of stock options are generally subject to vesting over periods ranging from six months to four years. 

13  

Stock Options Awards   

The following is a summary of option activity
under the 2015 Plan and 2005 Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The fair value of stock
options granted under the 2015 Plan and 2005 Plan was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
with the following assumptions: 

The total aggregate
intrinsic value and weighted-average remaining contractual term of stock options outstanding under the 2015 Plan and 2005 Plan
as of September 30, 2016 was approximately $2.8 million and 7.8 years, respectively. The total aggregate intrinsic value and weighted-average
remaining contractual term of stock options exercisable under the 2015 Plan and 2005 Plan as of September 30, 2016 was approximately
$2.7 million and 6.3 years, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total intrinsic value (the difference between
the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the period and the exercise price, multiplied by the number
of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on
September 30, 2016. This amount is subject to change based on changes to the closing price of the Company s common stock.
The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised and vesting of restricted stock awards for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 was $2.4 million and $9.0 million, respectively. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan   

The Company s
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (the  ESPP ) currently authorizes an aggregate of 3,300,000 shares of common
stock to be purchased, such aggregate will continue to increase 5% on each anniversary of its adoption up to a maximum of 4,000,000
shares. The number of authorized shares and the maximum number of shares both include an increase of 1,000,000 shares approved
at the Company s 2016 annual meeting of stockholders. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of common stock of the
Company at each purchase date through payroll deductions of up to a maximum of 15% of their eligible compensation, at 85% of the
lesser of the market price of the shares at the time of purchase or the market price on the beginning date of an option period
(or, if later, the date during the option period when the employee was first eligible to participate). At September 30, 2016, there
were 1,636,938 shares available for issuance under the ESPP. 

14  

The ESPP is considered
compensatory for financial reporting purposes. As such, the fair value of ESPP shares was estimated at the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Restricted Stock Awards   

The following is a
summary of restricted stock awards activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The Company recorded all stock-based compensation
expense in the consolidated statements of operations as follows (in thousands): 

As of September 30,
2016, there was approximately $45.7 million of total unrecognized compensation expense (net of estimated forfeitures) related to
unvested stock options, ESPP and restricted stock awards. This unrecognized non-cash compensation expense is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years, and will be allocated between research and development and general and administrative
expenses accordingly. This estimate does not include the impact of other possible stock-based awards that may be made during future
periods. 

15  

Note 10  
Collaboration, U.S. Government Agreement and Joint Venture 

Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation
( BMGF ) Grant Agreement   

In support of the Company s
development of its respiratory syncytial virus fusion (F) protein nanoparticle vaccine candidate ( RSV F Vaccine )
for infants via maternal immunization, in September 2015, the Company entered into an agreement ( Grant Agreement )
with BMGF, under which it was awarded a grant totaling up to $89.1 million (the  Grant ). The Grant will support development
activities, including the Company s global Phase 3 clinical trial in pregnant women in their third trimester, product licensing
efforts and WHO prequalification of the RSV F Vaccine. The Company concurrently entered into a Global Access Commitments Agreement
( GACA ) with BMGF as a part of the Grant Agreement. Under the terms of the GACA, among other things, the Company agreed
to make the RSV F Vaccine available and accessible at affordable pricing to people in certain low and middle income countries.
Unless earlier terminated by BMGF, the GACA will continue in effect until the latter of 15 years from its effective date, or 10
years after the first sale of a product under defined circumstances. The term of the GACA may be extended in certain circumstances,
by a period of up to five additional years. Payments received under the Grant Agreement are being recognized as revenue in the
period in which the research and development activities are performed. Payments received in advance that are related to future
performance are deferred and recognized as revenue when the research and development activities are performed. Cash payments received
under the Grant are restricted as to their use until expenditures contemplated in the Grant are incurred. During the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized revenue of $2.6 million and $5.9 million, respectively, and has recognized
approximately $7.5 million in revenue since the inception of the contract. At September 30, 2016, the Company s current restricted
cash and deferred revenue balances on the consolidated balance sheet represent its estimate of costs to be reimbursed and revenue
to be recognized, respectively, in the next twelve months under the Grant Agreement. 

HHS
BARDA Contract for Recombinant Influenza Vaccines   

HHS BARDA initially
awarded the Company a contract in 2011, which has funded the development of both the Company s quadrivalent seasonal and
pandemic influenza virus-like particle ( VLP ) vaccine candidates. The contract with HHS BARDA was a cost-plus-fixed-fee
contract, which reimbursed the Company for allowable direct contract costs incurred plus allowable indirect costs and a fixed-fee
earned in the ongoing clinical development and product scale-up of its multivalent seasonal and monovalent pandemic H7N9 influenza
VLP vaccine candidates. In September 2014, HHS BARDA exercised and initiated a two-year option to the contract, which included
scope to support development activities leading up to planned Phase 3 clinical studies, added $70 million of funding on top of
the remainder of the $97 million base period funding, and extended the contract until September 2016. In June 2015, the contract
was amended to increase the funding by $7.7 million to allow for the recovery of additional costs under the contract relating to
the settlement of indirect rates for fiscal years 2011 and 2012. This additional amount was received and recorded as revenue in
the second quarter of 2015. A dvances in the Company s seasonal influenza nanoparticle
program have resulted in a natural conclusion of its activities under the HHS BARDA contract, which expired in accordance with
its terms in  September 2016 .  During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recognized revenue of $0.1 million and $2.2 million, respectively, and has recognized approximately $113.7
million in revenue since the inception of the contract. Billings under the contract are based on approved provisional indirect
billing rates, which permit recovery of fringe benefits, overhead and general and administrative expenses. These indirect rates
are subject to audit by HHS BARDA on an annual basis. An audit of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 has been initiated, but has not been
completed as of the date of this filing. Management believes that revenue for periods not yet audited has been recorded in amounts
that are expected to be realized upon final audit and settlement. When the final determination of the allowable costs for any year
has been made, revenue and billings may be adjusted accordingly in the period that the adjustments are known and collection is
probable. 

16  

CPLB Joint Venture   

In 2009, the Company
formed a joint venture with Cadila Pharmaceuticals Limited ( Cadila ) named CPL Biologicals Private Limited ( CPLB )
to develop and manufacture vaccines, biological therapeutics and diagnostics in India. CPLB is owned 20% by the Company and 80%
by Cadila. Because CPLB s activities and operations are controlled and funded by Cadila, the Company accounts for its investment
using the equity method. Since the carrying value of the Company s initial investment was nominal and there is no guarantee
or commitment to provide future funding, the Company has not recorded nor expects to record losses related to this investment in
the foreseeable future. 

Note 11  
License agreement with Wyeth Holding Corporation 

In 2007, the Company
entered into an agreement to license certain rights from Wyeth Holdings Corporation (now Wyeth Holdings LLC), a subsidiary of Pfizer
Inc. ( Wyeth ). The Wyeth license is a non-exclusive, worldwide license to a family of patents and patent applications
covering VLP technology for use in human vaccines in certain fields, with expected patent expiration in early 2022. The Wyeth license
provides for the Company to make an upfront payment (previously made), ongoing annual license fees, sublicense payments, milestone
payments on certain development and commercialization activities and royalties on any product sales. Except in certain circumstances
in which the Company continuously markets multiple products in a country within the same vaccine program, the milestone payments
are one-time only payments applicable to each related vaccine program. At present, the Company s seasonal influenza VLP vaccine
program (including CPLB s seasonal influenza program) and its pandemic influenza VLP vaccine program are the only two programs
to which the Wyeth license applies. The license may be terminated by Wyeth only for cause and may be terminated by the Company
only after it has provided ninety (90) days  notice that the Company has absolutely and finally ceased activity, including
through any affiliate or sublicense, related to the manufacturing, development, marketing or sale of products covered by the license.
In September 2015, the Company entered into an amendment to the license agreement with Wyeth. Among other things, the amendment
restructured the $3 million milestone payment ( Milestone ) owed as a result of CPLB s initiation of a Phase
3 clinical trial for its recombinant trivalent seasonal VLP influenza vaccine candidate in 2014. Under the amendment, the milestone
payment, which may increase slightly over time, would be due in connection with the initiation of a Phase 3 clinical trial for
the initial seasonal influenza VLP vaccine candidate being developed outside India, but in any case no later than December 31,
2017. The amendment also restructured the final milestone payment to apply to the initial seasonal influenza VLP vaccine candidate
being developed outside India. Thus, the aggregate milestone payments for a seasonal influenza VLP vaccine candidate developed
and commercialized was increased from $14 million to up to $15 million. In connection with the execution of the amendment, the
Company agreed to pay a one-time only payment to Wyeth. The amendment also increased annual license maintenance fees associated
with VLP vaccine candidates from $0.2 million to $0.3 million per year. Payments under the agreement to Wyeth as of September 30,
2016 aggregated to $7.6 million. The Milestone has been accrued for, on a discounted basis calculated based on the probable
future payment date, in other non-current liabilities at September 30, 2016. The Milestone was recorded as a research and development
expense in 2014. 

Note 12  
Facility Leases 

In May 2016, the Company
signed a new lease for a facility of approximately 150,000 square feet located in Gaithersburg, Maryland with a term expiring in
2030, unless terminated early by the Company in 2026. The lease contains provisions for future rent increases and periods in which
rent payments are reduced (abated). Also, the lease obligates the Company to pay building operating costs. Under the terms of the
lease, the landlord shall provide the Company with a tenant improvement allowance of up to $9.6 million. In addition, the Company
extended its Rockville, Maryland lease with a term expiring in 2020, unless terminated early by the Company in 2019. Novavax AB
also extended its lease in Uppsala, Sweden with a term expiring in 2026, unless terminated early by the Company in 2023. 

17  

Future minimum rental
commitments under non-cancelable leases are as follows (in thousands and including the new lease): 

Note 13   Related Party Transactions  

Dr. Rajiv Modi,
a director of the Company, is also the managing director of Cadila. The Company and Cadila have formed a joint venture, CPLB (see
Note 10). A subsidiary of Cadila owns 2.5 million shares of the Company s outstanding common stock as of September 30, 2016.
The Company and Cadila have also entered into a master services agreement, pursuant to which Cadila or CPLB may perform certain
research, development and manufacturing services for the Company. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company
incurred $0.3 million and $1.5 million, respectively, in expenses under the master services agreement. No amount was owed to CPLB
under the master services agreement at September 30, 2016; however, the Company owed $0.7 million at December 31, 2015. 

18  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Any statements in the
discussion below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, about expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future
events or performance of Novavax, Inc. ( Novavax , and together with its wholly owned subsidiary Novavax AB, the  Company, 
 we  or  us ) are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
include, without limitation, statements with respect to our capabilities, goals, expectations regarding future revenue and expense
levels; potential market sizes and demand for our product candidates; the efficacy, safety and intended utilization of our product
candidates; the development of our clinical-stage product candidates and our recombinant vaccine and adjuvant technologies; the
development of our preclinical product candidates; the conduct, timing and potential results from clinical trials and other preclinical
studies; plans for and potential timing of regulatory filings; the expected timing and content of regulatory actions; reimbursement
by the Department of Health and Human Services, Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority ( HHS BARDA );
payments under our license with Wyeth Holdings LLC (formerly known as Wyeth Holdings Corporation), a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc.
( Wyeth ); payments by the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation ( BMGF ); our available cash resources and
the availability of financing generally, plans regarding partnering activities, business development initiatives and the adoption
of stock incentive plans and amendments thereto; the effectiveness, and expected costs and savings, and the timing of such costs
and savings, associated with the implementation, of our recently announced plan to restructure our operations, and other factors
referenced herein. You generally can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words or phrases such as  believe, 
 may,   could,   will,   would,   possible,   can,   estimate, 
 continue,   ongoing,   consider,   anticipate,   intend,   seek, 
 plan,   project,   expect,   should,   would,  or  assume 
or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. 

Accordingly, these
statements involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied in them. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report may turn out to be inaccurate or materially
different than actual results. 

Because the risk factors
discussed in this Quarterly Report and identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015,
and other risk factors of which we are not aware, could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements.
These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, which could cause actual results and developments to
differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. We have included important factors in the cautionary statements
included in this Quarterly Report, particularly those identified in Part II, Item 1A  Risk Factors,  and in Part I,
Item 1A  Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, that we believe could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. These and other risks may also be detailed and modified or updated
in our reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) from time to time. You
are encouraged to read these filings as they are made. 

Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels
of activity, performance or achievement. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made,
and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, unless required by law. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which
factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor,
or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

19  

Overview  

We are a clinical-stage
vaccine company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of recombinant nanoparticle vaccines and adjuvants.
Using innovative proprietary recombinant nanoparticle vaccine platform technology, we produce vaccine candidates to efficiently
and effectively respond to both known and emerging disease threats. Our vaccine candidates are genetically engineered three-dimensional
nanostructures that incorporate recombinant proteins critical to disease pathogenesis. Our product pipeline targets a variety of
infectious diseases with clinical vaccine candidates for respiratory syncytial virus ( RSV ) and Ebola virus ( EBOV ),
and preclinical programs for Zika virus, seasonal influenza and a combination respiratory vaccine candidate, as well as other infectious
disease vaccine candidates. 

We are also developing
proprietary technology for the production of immune stimulating saponin-based adjuvants through our wholly owned Swedish subsidiary,
Novavax AB. Our lead adjuvant, Matrix-M , has been successfully tested in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial for our pandemic H7N9
influenza virus-like particle ( VLP ) vaccine candidate, and in a Phase 1 clinical trial for our EBOV vaccine candidate.
Genocea Biosciences, Inc. ( Genocea ) has licensed rights to our Matrix technology and has conducted Phase 2 clinical
trials with its herpes simplex 2 vaccine candidate using Matrix-M. 

Following the results
of the top-line data from the Phase 3 clinical trial of our RSV F Vaccine in older adults, on November 9, 2016, we announced a
restructuring plan (the  Restructuring Plan ) designed to meet the following key objectives: 

Prioritize our development activities to achieve clinical data events during 2017;   

Reduce our cash burn, extend our financial horizon and minimize our near-term dilution; and   

Maintain our operational core competencies to execute against our development plans.   

The Restructuring Plan
includes an immediate reduction in our workforce of approximately 30%. We expect to incur one-time restructuring costs of approximately
$3 million to $4 million, including cash severance expenses, in the fourth quarter of 2016. In addition, we have initiated expense
reduction measures relating to pre-commercialization activities, capital equipment investments,  project specific and general
research and development, and general and administrative expenses. As a result of the Restructuring Plan, we estimate a reduction
in cash burn of $70 million to $100 million in 2017 relative to 2016. 

The Restructuring Plan
was engineered to support the following high-level operating priorities (each of which is more fully articulated in our program
descriptions in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below): 

Continued execution of the global pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial,
known as Prepare , of our RSV   F Vaccine for infants via maternal immunization;

Initiation of  a multi-arm, dose-ranging Phase 2 clinical
trial of our RSV F Vaccine in older adults; and    

Initiation of a Phase 1 clinical trial of our Zika vaccine candidate in 2017.   

20  

Product Pipeline  

Our product pipeline
includes vaccine candidates engineered to elicit differentiated immune responses with potential to provide increased protection.
Our nanoparticle technology platform targets antigens with conserved epitopes essential for viral function. Unlike traditional
vaccines that  mimic  viruses and elicit naturally occurring immune responses to them, our nanoparticles are engineered
to elicit differentiated immune responses, which may be more efficacious than naturally-occurring immunity. Our vaccine technology
has the potential to be applied broadly to a wide variety of human infectious diseases.  

Program   
       
       Development Stage   

Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV)   

Infants
    via Maternal Immunization   
       
      Phase 3 *   

Older
    Adults    
       
      Phase 2  

Pediatrics   
       
      Phase 1  

Emerging Disease   

Ebola Virus (EBOV)   
       
      Phase 1  

Zika
        Virus (ZIKV)    
       
      Preclinical  

Seasonal Influenza Nanoparticle  

Preclinical  

Combination Respiratory Vaccine   
       
      Preclinical  

*Supported by $89 million grant from BMGF  

A current summary of
our significant research and development programs and status of the related products in development follows: 

Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV)  

We are developing our
respiratory syncytial virus fusion (F) protein nanoparticle vaccine candidate ( RSV F Vaccine ) for three susceptible
target populations: infants via maternal immunization, older adults (60 years of age and older) and children six months to five
years of age ( pediatrics ). We believe our RSV F Vaccine represents a multi-billion dollar revenue opportunity, worldwide.
Currently there is no approved RSV vaccine available. 

Repeat
infection and lifelong susceptibility to RSV are common and we currently estimate the global cost burden of RSV in excess of $88
billion. Despite decades of effort to develop an RSV vaccine, there are currently no licensed vaccines. Although the monoclonal
antibody palivizumab (Synagis ) is effective in pre-term infants, it is not indicated for use in other populations. We made
a breakthrough in developing a vaccine that targets the fusion protein, or F-protein, of the virus. The F-protein has a highly
conserved amino acid sequence called antigenic site II, which we believe is an ideal vaccine target. Palivizumab, which also targets
antigenic site II, has demonstrated protection in five randomized clinical trials. We genetically engineered a novel F-protein
antigen and enhanced its immunogenicity by exposing antigenic site II. Novavax  RSV F Vaccine assembles into a recombinant
protein nanoparticle optimized for F-protein antigen presentation. The Novavax RSV F Vaccine has demonstrated efficacy in a Phase
2 clinical trial, and we are seeking to bring the first RSV vaccine to market to combat the 64 million RSV infections that occur
globally each year.  1    ,  2   

2    WHO Acute Respiratory Infections September 2009 Update:
http://apps.who.int/vaccine_research/diseases/ari/en/index2.html 

21  

RSV Infants via Maternal Immunization
Program   

Burden
of Disease  

RSV is the most common
cause of lower respiratory tract infections and the leading viral cause of severe lower respiratory tract disease in infants and
young children worldwide.  3   In the U.S., RSV is
the leading cause of hospitalization of infants, and globally, is second only to malaria as a cause of death in children under
one year of age.  4    ,  5     Despite
the induction of post-infection immunity, repeat infection and lifelong susceptibility to RSV is common.  6   , 7   

Clinical Trial Update  

We announced the initiation
of a global pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial, known as Prepare, of the RSV F Vaccine in 5,000 to 8,255 healthy pregnant women in
December 2015. The primary objective of the Prepare trial is to determine the efficacy of maternal immunization with the RSV F
Vaccine against symptomatic RSV lower respiratory tract infection with hypoxemia in infants through a minimum of the first 90 days
of life. This Phase 3 trial utilizes a group sequential design and is expected to take between three and four years to complete.
We are currently in discussion with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research ( FDA )
about conducting an interim analysis of the Prepare trial as early as late 2017, although a decision has not yet been made. 

The Phase 3 trial is
supported by a grant (the  Grant ) of up to $89.1 million from BMGF. The Grant will support development activities,
product licensing efforts and World Health Organization ( WHO ) prequalification of our RSV F Vaccine. We concurrently
entered into a Global Access Commitments Agreement ( GACA ) with BMGF as a part of the grant agreement (the  Grant
Agreement ). Under the terms of the GACA, we agreed to make the RSV F Vaccine available and accessible at affordable pricing
to people in certain low and middle income countries. 

In September 2015,
we announced  positive top-line data from a Phase 2 clinical trial of our RSV F Vaccine
in 50 healthy pregnant women and their infants.  This clinical trial evaluated the safety and immunogenicity of our
RSV F Vaccine in pregnant women in their third trimester, and assessed the transplacental transfer of maternal antibodies induced
by the vaccine. The trial also examined the impact of maternal immunization on infant safety during the first year of life and
RSV-specific antibody levels through the infants' first six months of life. Immunized women demonstrated a geometric mean 14-fold
rise in anti-F IgG, 29-fold rise in palivizumab-competing antibodies and a 2.7 and 2.1-fold rise in microneutralization titers
against RSV/A and RSV/B, respectively. In contrast, women who received placebo demonstrated no significant change in antibody levels.
The infants  antibody levels at delivery averaged 90-100% of the mothers  levels, indicating efficient transplacental
transfer of antibodies from mother to infant. The estimated half-lives of infant PCA, anti-F IgG, RSV/A and RSV/B microneutralizing
antibodies, based on data through day 60, were 41, 30, 36 and 34 days, respectively. 

In November 2014,
the FDA granted Fast Track designation to our RSV F Vaccine for protection of infants via maternal immunization. Fast Track designation
is intended for products that treat serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions, and that demonstrate the potential to address
unmet medical needs for such diseases or conditions. The program is designed to facilitate development and expedite review of drugs
to treat serious and life-threatening conditions so that an approved product can reach the market expeditiously. 

5    Oxford Vaccine Group: http://www.ovg.ox.ac.uk/rsv 

22  

RSV Older Adults
Program   

Burden
of Disease  

Adults
60 years of age and older are at increased risk for RSV disease due to age related declines in their immune systems. In this population,
RSV is an important respiratory virus, distinct from influenza viruses, that is responsible for serious lower respiratory tract
disease and may lead to hospitalization or even death. Additionally, RSV infection can lead to exacerbation of underlying co-morbidities
such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, asthma and congestive heart failure. In the U.S., the incidence rate is approximately
2.5 million infections per year, and RSV is increasingly recognized as a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in the population
of 64 million older adults.   8    ,  9    Based
on our analysis of published literature applied to 2014 population estimates, the disease causes 207,000 hospitalizations and
16,000 deaths among adults older than 65. Annually, we estimate that there are approximately 900,000 medical interventions directly
caused by RSV disease across all populations.  

Clinical
Trial Update  

Resolve
Phase 3 Trial   

We
announced top-line data from the Phase 3 clinical trial of our RSV F Vaccine in older adults, known as Resolve , in the third
quarter of 2016. Resolve, a randomized, observer-blinded, placebo-controlled trial, began in November 2015 and was fully enrolled
with 11,856 older adult subjects at 60 sites in the U.S. by December 2015. Historically, annual seasonal attack rates for all symptomatic
respiratory disease due to RSV (RSV ARD) of between 3% and 7% have been observed in older adults.  10  
In our Phase 2 trial conducted during the 2014-2015 RSV season, we observed an RSV ARD attack rate of 4.9%, with an attack rate
of 1.8% for moderate-severe RSV-associated lower respiratory tract disease (RSV msLRTD). In the Resolve trial, in contrast, we
observed an RSV ARD attack rate of 2.0% and an RSV msLRTD attack rate of 0.4%. These unexpectedly low attack rates indicate a mild
RSV season in older adults. The trial did not meet the pre-specified primary or secondary efficacy objectives and did not demonstrate
vaccine efficacy. The primary objective of the Resolve trial was to demonstrate efficacy in the prevention of moderate-severe RSV-associated
lower respiratory tract disease (RSV msLRTD), as defined by the presence of multiple lower respiratory tract symptoms. The secondary
objective of the trial was to demonstrate efficacy of the RSV F Vaccine in reducing the incidence of all symptomatic respiratory
disease due to RSV (RSV ARD). The trial also evaluated the safety of the unadjuvanted, 135 microgram dose of the RSV F Vaccine
compared to placebo and consistent with our previous clinical experience, the vaccine was well-tolerated. We are continuing to
investigate potential root causes that may have contributed to the outcome of this trial, including the impact of the unexpectedly
low RSV attack rates.  

Phase
2 Rollover Trial   

In
September 2016, we announced positive top-line data from the Phase 2 rollover clinical trial of our RSV F Vaccine in older
adults in the third quarter of 2016. The trial was a randomized, observer-blinded, placebo-controlled rollover trial which
enrolled 1,329 older adults from the prior Phase 2 trial, conducted at the same 10 sites in the U.S. as our completed Phase 2
clinical trial in older adults. The primary objectives of the trial evaluated safety and serum anti-F IgG antibody
concentrations in response to immunization with the RSV F Vaccine. The exploratory objectives of the trial evaluated the
efficacy of a second annual dose of the RSV F Vaccine in the prevention of RSV ARD and RSV msLRTD. Participants previously
randomized to receive 135 microgram RSV F Vaccine or placebo were re-enrolled and re-randomized in the current trial to
receive either 135 microgram RSV F Vaccine or placebo. This resulted in analysis of four separate trial arms: a) participants
receiving a placebo in both the first trial and second trial (Placebo-Placebo); b) participants receiving RSV F Vaccine in
the first trial and placebo in the second trial (Vaccine-Placebo); c) participants receiving placebo in the first trial and
RSV F Vaccine in the second trial (Placebo-Vaccine); and d) participants receiving RSV F Vaccine in both the first trial and
second trial (Vaccine-Vaccine).  

23  

The
rollover trial demonstrated immunogenicity in all active vaccine recipients, with a 6-fold increase in anti-F IgG in the Placebo-Vaccine
arm, consistent with the Phase 2 efficacy trial. There was higher anti-F IgG at baseline in the Vaccine-Vaccine arm compared to
the Placebo-Vaccine arm and the Vaccine-Vaccine arm showed a greater than 2-fold increase in anti-F IgG from the higher baseline.
The rollover trial confirmed the low attack rates witnessed during the Resolve trial. While there was an absence of efficacy in
the Placebo-Vaccine trial arm, the Vaccine-Vaccine trial arm did suggest efficacy, although this result was not statistically significant.  

Phase
2 Trial in Older Adults (Completed)   

In
August 2015, we announced positive top-line data from a Phase 2 clinical trial of our RSV F Vaccine in 1,600 older adults. The
clinical trial was designed to prospectively examine the incidence of all symptomatic respiratory illnesses associated with RSV
infection, in community-living older adults who were treated with placebo. The trial also evaluated safety and immunogenicity of
our RSV F Vaccine compared to placebo. Finally, the trial estimated the efficacy of our RSV F Vaccine in reducing the incidence
of respiratory illness due to RSV. The trial was the first to demonstrate efficacy of an active RSV immunization in any clinical
trial population. In the per protocol population, the clinical trial showed statistically significant vaccine efficacy in prevention
of all symptomatic RSV disease (41%) and, in an  ad hoc  analysis, showed a decrease in RSV disease with any symptoms
of lower respiratory tract infection (45%) in older adults. The clinical trial established an attack rate for symptomatic RSV disease
of 4.9% in older adults, 95% of which included lower respiratory track symptoms. Efficacy against more severe RSV illness, defined
by the presence of multiple lower respiratory tract symptoms or signs associated with difficulty breathing, was 64% in ad hoc analyses.  

Older
Adults Next Steps   

Based
on our ongoing observations from the Resolve trial and additional analyses, in the first quarter of 2017 we expect to initiate
a randomized, observer-blinded, multi-arm, dose-ranging Phase 2 clinical trial in healthy older adults, in one and two dose formulations,
and both with and without adjuvants. The trial will evaluate safety and immunogenicity of these formulations in older adults as
measured by serum  microneutralization titers against RSV/A and RSV/B, palivizumab competing antibodies ( PCA )
and anti-F IgG .  

RSV Pediatrics
Program   

Burden
of Disease  

There
are currently approximately 18 million children in the U.S. between six months and five years of age.   11    In
the U.S., RSV is responsible for approximately 57,000 hospitalizations of children under five years of age annually, the vast
majority of which occur in infants less than one year old, and especially those under six months of age.      12  ,  13  ,  14  ,  15  ,  16   

11    U.S. Census. www.census.go/population/international/data/idb/informationGateway.php 

24  

Clinical Trial Update  

In September 2015,
we announced positive top-line data from a Phase 1 clinical trial of our RSV F Vaccine in healthy children between two and six
years of age. This clinical trial evaluated the safety and immunogenicity of our RSV F Vaccine, with one or two doses, with or
without aluminum phosphate adjuvant. Trial enrollment was concluded with a smaller than planned cohort so that dosing could be
completed ahead of the 2014-2015 RSV season. The vaccine was well-tolerated and serum samples collected from a subset of 18 immunized
children in the per-protocol population, demonstrated that the RSV F Vaccine was highly immunogenic at all formulations and regimens.
There were greater than 10-fold increases in both anti-F IgG and PCA antibody titers in the adjuvanted group and greater than 6-fold
increases in anti-F IgG and PCA antibody titers in the unadjuvanted group. We are assessing the next steps in the development of
our RSV F Vaccine for pediatrics. 

Emerging Disease  

Ebola Virus (EBOV)   

EBOV, formerly known
as Ebola hemorrhagic fever, is a severe, often fatal illness in humans. Multiple strains of EBOV have been identified, the most
recent of which, the Makona EBOV strain, is associated with a case fatality rate of 50% to 90%.  17   There
are currently no licensed treatments proven to neutralize the virus, but a range of blood, immunological and drug therapies are
under development. Despite the development of such therapies, current vaccine approaches target either a previous strain of the
virus or were initially developed to be delivered by genetic vectors. In contrast, our EBOV glycoprotein vaccine candidate ( Ebola
GP Vaccine ) was developed using the Makona EBOV strain. 

In July 2015, we announced
data from our Phase 1 clinical trial of our Ebola GP Vaccine in ascending doses, with and without our Matrix-M adjuvant, in 230
healthy adults. Participants received either one or two intramuscular injections ranging from 6.5 g to 50 g of antigen,
with or without adjuvant, or placebo. Immunogenicity was assessed at multiple time points, including days 28 and 35. These Phase
1 data demonstrated that our Ebola GP Vaccine is highly immunogenic, well-tolerated and, in conjunction with our proprietary Matrix-M
adjuvant, resulted in significant antigen dose-sparing. Although the adjuvanted Ebola GP Vaccine was highly immunogenic at all
dose levels, the adjuvanted two-dose regimens induced Ebola anti-GP antibody geometric mean responses between 45,000 and 70,000
ELISA units, representing a 500 to 750-fold rise over baseline at day 35. In 2015, we also announced successful data from two separate
non-human primate challenge studies of our Ebola GP Vaccine  in which, in both cases,
the challenge was lethal for the control animal, whereas 100% of the immunized animals were protected . 

ZIKV EnvD Vaccine   

We initiated development
of a Zika virus (ZIKV) vaccine in response to the unmet global medical need for this serious disease. Over the last 18 months,
ZIKV has demonstrated epidemic spread in South, Central and North America, with both mosquito-borne and sexual transmission. Although
acute ZIKV infections in adults are generally either asymptomatic or associated with mild symptoms (fever, joint pains and skin
rash), more serious outcomes can occur, including Guillain-Barr  syndrome in adults and, microcephaly in infants of women
infected during pregnancy. There is no approved vaccine against ZIKV, although a number of companies have announced vaccine development
efforts. In October 2016, we initiated a preclinical study of our ZIKV envelope dimer nanoparticle vaccine candidate ( ZIKV
EnvD Vaccine ) in non-human primates. We have also requested a pre-IND meeting with the FDA about a Phase 1 clinical trial
of our Zika EnvD Vaccine. Pending the outcome of this preclinical study and the FDA meeting, we expect to initiate a Phase 1 clinical
trial in healthy adults in the first half of 2017. 

25  

Influenza  

Seasonal Influenza   

Influenza is a world-wide
infectious disease that causes illness in humans with symptoms ranging from mild to life-threatening or even death. Serious illness
occurs not only in susceptible populations such as pediatrics and older adults, but also in the general population because of unique
strains of influenza for which most humans have not developed protective antibodies. Current estimates for seasonal influenza vaccine
growth in the top seven markets (U.S., Japan, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and UK), show a potential increase from approximately
$3.2 billion in the 2012-2013 season to $5.3 billion by the 2021-2022 season.  18   

The Advisory Committee
for Immunization Practices of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) recommends that all persons aged
six months and older be vaccinated annually against seasonal influenza. Influenza is a major burden on public health worldwide:
an estimated one million deaths each year are attributed to influenza.  19   It
is further estimated that, each year, influenza attacks between 5% and 10% of adults and 20% to 30% of children, causing significant
levels of illness, hospitalization and death.  20   Recombinant
seasonal influenza vaccines, like the candidate we are developing, have an important advantage: once licensed for commercial sale,
large quantities of vaccines can potentially be manufactured quickly and in a cost-effective manner, without the use of either
the live influenza virus or eggs.   

After many years of
developing seasonal influenza vaccine candidates as VLPs, we have identified advantages of developing a nanoparticle-based seasonal
influenza vaccine. In particular, influenza nanoparticles can display conserved antigenic regions, which have the potential to
elicit broadly neutralizing antibodies that may offer protection against a range of drifted strains. Additionally, nanoparticles
offer improved purity and manufacturability and advantages for co-formulation with other nanoparticle-based vaccines. We expect
to continue to develop our nanoparticle influenza vaccine program into 2017 with an ongoing goal of generating additional proof-of-concept
data. 

Combination Respiratory
Vaccine   

Given the ongoing development
of our RSV F Vaccine and our desire to develop a combination respiratory vaccine with the potential to protect against both RSV
and seasonal influenza, we made the decision to shift our seasonal influenza vaccine development focus from VLP-based seasonal
influenza vaccines to nanoparticle-based seasonal influenza vaccines. Early preclinical development efforts give us confidence
that such a combination vaccine is feasible. 

CPLB Joint Venture (India)   

CPL Biologicals Private
Limited ( CPLB ), our joint venture company with Cadila Pharmaceuticals Limited ( Cadila ) in India, is
actively developing a number of vaccine candidates that were genetically engineered by us. CPLB is owned 20% by us and 80% by Cadila.
CPLB operates a manufacturing facility in India for the production of vaccines. 

Seasonal
Influenza   

CPLB received marketing
authorization, the Indian equivalent of approval of a Biologics License Application, for its seasonal VLP influenza vaccine and
is currently manufacturing with limited sales in 2016. 

26  

Rabies   

CPLB successfully completed
Stage II of its 2-stage Phase 1/2 clinical trial in India of a rabies G protein vaccine candidate that we genetically engineered,
and that can be administered both as a pre-exposure and a post-exposure prophylactic regimen. The post-exposure regimen has the
potential to use fewer doses than the current standard of care. CPLB initiated its Phase 3 clinical trial in October  2016. 

Convertible Senior Notes  

In the first quarter
of 2016, we issued $325 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior unsecured notes that will mature on February 1,
2023 (the  Notes ). The Notes bear cash interest at a rate of 3.75%, payable on February 1 and August 1 of each year,
beginning on August 1, 2016. The Notes are not redeemable prior to maturity and are convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock. The initial conversion rate for the Notes is 146.8213 shares of the Company s common stock per $1,000 principal
amount of the Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $6.81 per share of the Company s
common stock, representing an approximate 22.5% conversion premium based on the last reported sale price of the Company s
common stock of $5.56 per share on January 25, 2016. 

In connection with
the issuance of the Notes, we paid $38.5 million, including expenses, to enter into privately negotiated capped call transactions
with certain financial institutions (the  capped call transactions ). The capped call transactions are generally expected
to reduce the potential dilution upon conversion of the Notes in the event that the market price per share of our common stock,
as measured under the terms of the capped call transactions, is greater than the strike price of the capped call transactions,
which initially corresponds to the conversion price of the Notes, and is subject to anti-dilution adjustments generally similar
to those applicable to the conversion rate of the Notes. The cap price of the capped call transactions will initially be $9.73
per share, which represented a premium of approximately 75% based on the last reported sale price of our common stock of $5.56
per share on January 25, 2016, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the capped call transactions. If, however,
the market price per share of the Company s common stock, as measured under the terms of the capped call transactions, exceeds
the cap price, there would nevertheless be dilution upon conversion of the Notes to the extent that such market price exceeds the
cap price. 

Sales of Common Stock  

In March 2015, we completed
a public offering of 27,758,620 shares of our common stock, including 3,620,689 shares of common stock that were issued upon the
exercise in full of the option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters, at a price of $7.25 per share resulting
in net proceeds of approximately $190 million. 

In 2012, we entered
into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement ( Sales Agreement ), under which we sold an aggregate of $50 million in
gross proceeds of our common stock. During 2015, we sold 1.4 million shares at an average sales price of $10.63 per share, resulting
in approximately $15 million in net proceeds. The Sales Agreement was fully utilized at that time. 

Critical Accounting
Policies and Use of Estimates    

There are no material
changes to our critical accounting policies as described in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC. 

27  

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted   

In February 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 )
that increases transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities
on the balance sheet and disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements for both lessees and lessors. The standard will
be effective January 1, 2019 for us, with early adoption permitted. The standard will be applied using a modified retrospective
approach to the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements.  We are currently evaluating when
we will adopt the standard and the expected impact to our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  ( ASU 2016-09 ) that simplifies
the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. We plan to adopt this standard on the effective date,
January 1, 2017, and do not expect the adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related
disclosure. 

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which supersedes
nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition . The new standard requires a
company to recognize revenue when it transfers goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that
the company expects to receive for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five-step process that includes identifying the
contract with the customer, identifying the performance obligations in the contract, determining the transaction price, allocating
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and recognizing revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies
the performance obligations. In July 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date of the new standard to 2018
for public companies, with an option that would permit companies to adopt the new standard as early as the original effective date
of 2017. Early adoption prior to the original effective date is not permitted. ASU 2014-09 allows for either full retrospective
or modified retrospective adoption. We are evaluating the potential impact that ASU 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial
position and results of operations. 

Results of Operations  

The following is a
discussion of the historical financial condition and results of operations of the Company and should be read in conjunction with
the financial statements and notes thereto set forth in this Quarterly Report. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  (amounts in tables are presented in thousands, except per share information) 

Revenue:   

Revenue for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $3.2 million as compared to $6.5 million for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $3.3 million,
or 50%.  Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is primarily comprised of services performed under
the HHS BARDA contract and the Grant Agreement. The decrease in revenue under the HHS BARDA contract of $6.2 million was due to
a lower level of activity in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. This decrease in
revenue was partially offset by $2.6 million in revenue recorded under the Grant Agreement relating to our ongoing RSV F Vaccine
Phase 3 clinical trial for the protection of infants via maternal immunization. 

28  

We expect our 2016
revenue to be lower than 2015 revenue, due to the wind-down and the expiration of the HHS BARDA contract, which expired in September
2016. In addition, we expect revenue in 2016 under the Grant Agreement to be significantly higher than in 2015 as we continue to
enroll participants in the global pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial, known as Prepare, of the RSV F Vaccine in 5,000 to 8,255 healthy
pregnant women. 

Expenses:   

Research
and Development Expenses   

Research and development
expenses include salaries, laboratory supplies, consultants and subcontractors and other expenses associated with our process development,
manufacturing, clinical, regulatory and quality assurance activities for our programs. In addition, indirect costs such as fringe
benefits and overhead expenses are also included in research and development expenses. Research and development expenses increased
to $53.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $30.7 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $22.3
million, or 73%. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to increased costs associated with the clinical
trials and development activities of our RSV F Vaccine and higher employee-related costs, including increased non-cash stock-based
compensation of $0.7 million. For 2016, we expect a significant increase in research and development expenses primarily due to
our ongoing RSV F Vaccine candidate clinical trials and employee-related and facility costs to support product development of our
RSV F Vaccine candidate and other potential vaccine candidates. 

Expenses by Functional
Area   

We track our research
and development expenses by the type of costs incurred in identifying, developing, manufacturing and testing vaccine candidates.
We evaluate and prioritize our activities according to functional area and therefore believe that project-by-project information
would not form a reasonable basis for disclosure to our investors. At September 30, 2016, we had 468 employees dedicated to our
research and development programs versus 332 employees as of September 30, 2015. Historically, we did not account for internal
research and development expenses by project, since our employees work time is spread across multiple programs, and our internal
manufacturing clean-room facility produces multiple vaccine candidates. 

The following summarizes
our research and development expenses by functional area for the three months ended September 30 (in millions). 

29  

We do not provide forward-looking
estimates of costs and time to complete our research programs due to the many uncertainties associated with vaccine development.
As we obtain data from preclinical studies and clinical trials, we may elect to discontinue or delay clinical trials in order to
focus our resources on more promising vaccine candidates. Completion of clinical trials may take several years or more, but the
length of time can vary substantially depending upon the phase, size of clinical trial, primary and secondary endpoints and the
intended use of the vaccine candidate. The cost of clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project as a result
of a variety of factors, including: the number of patients who participate in the clinical trials and the specific patient population;
the number of sites included in the clinical trials; whether clinical trial locations are domestic, international or both; the
time to enroll patients; the duration of treatment and follow-up; the safety and efficacy profile of the vaccine candidate; and
the cost and timing of, and the ability to secure, regulatory approvals. 

As a result of these
uncertainties, we are unable to determine with any significant degree of certainty the duration and completion costs of our research
and development projects or when, and to what extent, we will generate future cash flows from our research projects. 

General     
and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative
expenses increased to $13.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $9.1 million for the same period in 2015,
an increase of $4.5 million, or 50%. The increase was primarily due to higher employee-related costs and professional fees for
pre-commercialization activities, as compared to the same period in 2015. At September 30, 2016, we had 71 employees dedicated
to general and administrative functions versus 46 employees as of September 30, 2015. For 2016, we expect an increase in general
and administrative expenses primarily due to increased employee costs and pre-commercialization activities of our RSV F Vaccine. 

Other Income (Expense):   

We had total other
expense of $2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to total other income of $0.1 million for the
same period in 2015. Our investment income increased in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period
in 2015 due to higher cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances. Our interest expense increased due to the
issuance of the Notes in the first quarter of 2016. 

Net Loss:  

30  

Net loss for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $66.3 million, or $0.24 per share, as compared to $33.1 million, or $0.12 per share, for the
same period in 2015, an increased net loss of $33.1 million. The increased net loss was primarily due to higher research and development
spending, including increased costs relating to the clinical trials and development activities of our RSV F Vaccine and higher
employee-related costs, as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Weighted average shares
outstanding for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by 0.6% as compared to the same period in 2015, as a result
of stock option exercises and purchases under our employee stock purchase plan. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  (amounts in tables are presented in thousands, except per share information) 

Revenue:   

Revenue for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $10.0 million as compared to $30.4 million for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $20.4
million, or 67%.  Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is primarily comprised of services performed
under the HHS BARDA contract, and to a lesser extent, the Grant Agreement. The decrease in revenue under the HHS BARDA contract
of $27.1 million was primarily due to $7.7 million relating to the recovery of additional costs under the HHS BARDA contract for
the settlement of indirect rates for fiscal years 2011 and 2012 that was recorded in the second quarter of 2015, a lower level
of activity in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 and revenue of $3.1 million relating
to our Phase 2 clinical trial of our quadrivalent seasonal influenza VLP vaccine candidate in Australia that was recorded in the
first quarter of 2015 when collection of the amount became reasonably assured. These decreases in revenue were partially offset
by $5.9 million in revenue recorded under the Grant Agreement relating to our ongoing RSV F Vaccine Phase 3 clinical trial for
the protection of infants via maternal immunization. 

Expenses:   

Research
and Development Expenses   

Research and development
expenses include salaries, laboratory supplies, consultants and subcontractors and other expenses associated with our process development,
manufacturing, clinical, regulatory and quality assurance activities for our programs. In addition, indirect costs such as fringe
benefits and overhead expenses are also included in research and development expenses. Research and development expenses increased
to $186.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $86.7 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $100.1
million, or 115%. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to increased costs associated with the clinical
trials and development activities of our RSV F Vaccine and higher employee-related costs, including increased non-cash stock-based
compensation of $4.7 million. At September 30, 2016, we had 468 employees dedicated to our research and development programs versus
332 employees as of September 30, 2015. 

31  

Expenses by Functional
Area   

The following summarizes
our research and development expenses by functional area for the nine months ended September 30 (in millions). 

General     
and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative
expenses increased to $38.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $22.0 million for the same period in 2015,
an increase of $16.2 million, or 74%. The increase was primarily due to higher employee-related costs, including increased non-cash
stock-based compensation of $1.4 million, and professional fees for pre-commercialization activities, as compared to the same period
in 2015. At September 30, 2016, we had 71 employees dedicated to general and administrative functions versus 46 employees as of
September 30, 2015. 

Other Income (Expense):   

We had total other
expense of $7.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to total other income of $0.2 million for the
same period in 2015. Our investment income increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period
in 2015 due to higher cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances. Our interest expense increased due to the
issuance of the Notes in the first quarter of 2016. 

Net Loss:  

32  

Net loss for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $222.9 million, or $0.82 per share, as compared to $78.1 million, or $0.30 per share, for the
same period in 2015, an increased net loss of $144.7 million. The increased net loss was primarily due to higher research and development
spending, including increased costs relating to the clinical trials and development activities of our RSV F Vaccine and higher
employee-related costs, as compared to the same period in 2015. 

Weighted average
shares outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by 4.2% as compared to the same period in 2015,
primarily as a result of sales of our common stock in 2015. 

Liquidity Matters
and Capital Resources  

Our future capital
requirements depend on numerous factors including, but not limited to, the commitments and progress of our research and development
programs, the progress of preclinical and clinical testing, the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals, the
costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights and manufacturing costs.
Following our Restructuring Plan, we plan to continue to have multiple vaccines and products in various stages of development,
and we believe our operating expenses and capital requirements will fluctuate depending upon the timing of certain events, such
as the scope, initiation, rate and progress of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and other research and development activities. 

As of September 30,
2016, we had $300.3 million in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities as compared to $230.7 million as of December
31, 2015. These amounts consisted of $119.9 million in cash and cash equivalents and $180.3 million in marketable securities as
of September 30, 2016 as compared to $93.1 million in cash and cash equivalents and $137.5 million in marketable securities as
of December 31, 2015. 

The following table
summarizes cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

Net cash used in operating
activities increased to $194.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $71.3 million for the same period
in 2015. The increase in cash usage was primarily due to increased costs relating to our RSV F Vaccine, higher employee-related
costs and timing of vendor payments. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our investing activities consisted of purchases and maturities of marketable securities and
capital expenditures. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we primarily purchased marketable securities to increase
our rate of return on our marketable securities relative to returns available to money market funds. Capital expenditures for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $15.0 million and $13.6 million, respectively. The increase in capital expenditures
was primarily due to facility improvements and the purchase of laboratory equipment to support our maturing product portfolio.
In 2016, we expect our level of capital expenditures to be higher than our 2015 spending as we invest in our core operational infrastructure. 

33  

Our financing activities
consisted primarily of sales of our common stock, issuance of Notes and to a lesser extent, stock option exercises and purchases
under our employee stock purchase plan. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received net proceeds of $276.5 million
through the issuance of our Notes and payments of capped call transactions (see Note 7 to the quarterly financial statements in
Item 1). In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received net proceeds of approximately $190 million through our public
offering at $7.25 per share and approximately $15 million through our Sales Agreement at an average sales price of $10.63 per share. 

In August 2015, we
amended the lease for our new facility located in Gaithersburg, Maryland to increase the amount of space leased by us to now include
the entire facility. Under the terms of the amended lease, the landlord shall provide us with a tenant improvement allowance of
$3.9 million. Through September 30, 2016, we were funded $3.4 million under this tenant improvement allowance. In May 2016, we
entered into a new lease for a facility located in Gaithersburg, Maryland and under the terms of the lease the landlord shall provide
us with a tenant improvement allowance of up to $9.6 million. 

In 2007, we entered
into an agreement to license certain rights from Wyeth. The Wyeth license is a non-exclusive, worldwide license to a family of
patents and patent applications covering VLP technology for use in human vaccines in certain fields, with expected patent expiration
in early 2022. The Wyeth license provides for us to make an upfront payment (previously made), ongoing annual license fees, sublicense
payments, milestone payments on certain development and commercialization activities and royalties on any product sales. Except
in certain circumstances in which we continuously market multiple products in a country within the same vaccine program, the milestone
payments are one-time only payments applicable to each related vaccine program. At present, our seasonal influenza VLP vaccine
program (including CPLB s seasonal influenza program) and our pandemic influenza VLP vaccine program are the only two programs
to which the Wyeth license applies. The license may be terminated by Wyeth only for cause and may be terminated by us only after
we have provided ninety (90) days  notice that we have absolutely and finally ceased activity, including through any affiliate
or sublicense, related to the manufacturing, development, marketing or sale of products covered by the license. In September 2015,
we amended the license agreement with Wyeth. Among other things, the amendment restructured the $3 million milestone payment ( Milestone )
owed as a result of CPLB s initiation of a Phase 3 clinical trial for its recombinant trivalent seasonal VLP influenza vaccine
candidate in 2014. Under the amendment, the milestone payment, which may increase slightly over time, shall be due in connection
with the initiation of a Phase 3 clinical trial for the initial seasonal influenza VLP vaccine candidate being developed outside
India, but in any case no later than December 31, 2017. The amendment also restructured the final milestone payment to apply to
the initial seasonal influenza VLP vaccine candidate being developed outside India. Thus, the aggregate milestone payments for
a seasonal influenza VLP vaccine candidate developed and commercialized was increased from $14 million to up to $15 million. In
connection with the execution of the amendment, we agreed to pay a one-time only payment to Wyeth. The amendment also increased
annual license maintenance fees associated with VLP vaccine candidates from $0.2 million to $0.3 million per year. Payments under
the agreement to Wyeth as of September 30, 2016 aggregated $7.6 million. The Milestone has been accrued for, on a discounted basis
calculated based on the probable future payment date, in other non-current liabilities at September 30, 2016. 

Based on our September
30, 2016 cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, along with anticipated revenue under the Grant Agreement
and other resources, we believe we have adequate capital to fund our operating plans for a minimum of twelve months. Additional
capital may be required in the future to develop our vaccine candidates through clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization.
Our ability to obtain such additional capital will likely be subject to various factors, including our overall business performance
and market conditions.  

Any capital raised
by an equity offering will likely be dilutive to the existing stockholders and any licensing or development arrangement may require
us to give up rights to a product or technology at less than its full potential value. We cannot provide any assurance that new
financing will be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. We will continue to assess our capital resources, including
our ability to obtain additional capital, to support our research and development programs, and as a result of such assessment,
we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our product research and development programs, and/or
downsize our organization, including our general and administrative infrastructure. 

34  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk  

The primary objective
of our investment activities is preservation of capital, with the secondary objective of maximizing income. As of September 30,
2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $119.9 million, marketable securities of $180.3 million, all of which are short-term,
and working capital of $278.2 million. 

Our exposure to market
risk is primarily confined to our investment portfolio. As of September 30, 2016, our investments were classified as available-for-sale.
We do not believe that a change in the market rates of interest would have any significant impact on the realizable value of our
investment portfolio. Changes in interest rates may affect the investment income we earn on our marketable securities when they
mature and the proceeds are reinvested into new marketable securities and, therefore, could impact our cash flows and results of
operations. 

Interest and dividend
income is recorded when earned and included in investment income. Premiums and discounts, if any, on marketable securities are
amortized or accreted to maturity and included in investment income. The specific identification method is used in computing realized
gains and losses on the sale of our securities. 

We are headquartered
in the U.S. where we conduct the vast majority of our business activities. We have one foreign consolidated subsidiary, Novavax
AB, which is located in Sweden. A 10% decline in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and Swedish Krona would result in a
reduction of stockholders  equity of approximately $3.2 million at September 30, 2016. 

Our Notes have a fixed
interest rate and we have no additional material debt. As such, we do not believe that we are exposed to any material interest
rate risk as a result of our borrowing activities. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our management, with
the assistance of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)
as of September 30, 2016. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the
cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable
assurance of achieving such control objectives. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September
30, 2016, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

Our management, including
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated any changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, and has concluded that there was no change that occurred during
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

35  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

There are no material
changes to the Company s risk factors as described in Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015, other than as described below. 

If we are unable
to attract or retain key management or other personnel, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially
adversely affected.   

We depend on our senior
executive officers, as well as key scientific and other personnel. The loss of these individuals could harm our business and significantly
delay or prevent the achievement of research, development or business objectives. We may have turnover situations in key executive
positions and the lack of management continuity and resulting lack of long-term history with our Company along with the learning
curve that executives experience when they join our management team could result in operational and administrative inefficiencies
and added costs. If we were to experience  turnover at the executive level, these risks could be exacerbated. 

We may not be able
to attract qualified individuals for other key management or other personnel positions on terms acceptable to us. Competition for
qualified employees is intense among pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and the loss of qualified employees, or an inability,
given the announcement of our plans to reduce our workforce, to attract, retain and/or motivate additional highly skilled employees
required for the continuation and/or expansion of our activities, could hinder our ability to complete clinical trials successfully
and develop marketable products. The workforce reduction we announced in November 2016 may yield unintended consequences, such
as attrition beyond our planned reduction in workforce and reduced employee morale, which may cause our remaining employees to
seek alternative employment. Although we intend to implement a retention plan, our retention plan may not be successful in incentivizing
our employees to continue their employment with us. 

We also rely from time
to time on outside advisors who assist us in formulating our research and development and clinical strategy. We may not be able
to attract and retain these individuals on acceptable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Item 5. Other Information   

Please see the disclosure
under Part 1, Item 2  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
Overview  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the information required by Item 2.05 of Form 8-K regarding our November
9, 2016 announcement of our Restructuring Plan. 

Item 6. Exhibits   

*  Filed herewith. 

36  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NOVAVAX, INC.    

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/ Stanley C. Erck   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Barclay A. Phillips   

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

37  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451590_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Stanley C. Erck, certify that: 

1.            
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Novavax, Inc.; 

2.            
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.            
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.            
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.            
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)            
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)           
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By: /s/ Stanley C. Erck                                     

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451590_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

I, Barclay A. Phillips, certify that: 

1.            
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Novavax, Inc.; 

2.            
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.            
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.            
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)            
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)            
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)            
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and 

d)            
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5.            
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)            
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b)            
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By: /s/ Barclay A. Phillips                                                                    

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451590_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT  

  TO 18 UNITED STATES C.  1350 
(SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Novavax, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Stanley C. Erck, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1)            
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and 

2)            
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company for the dates and periods covered by this Report. 

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By: /s/ Stanley C. Erck                                              

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451590_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT  
TO 18 UNITED STATES C.  1350 
(SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)  

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Novavax, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Barclay A. Phillips, Senior
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1)            
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and 

2)            
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company for the dates and periods covered by this Report. 

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:  /s/ Barclay A. Phillips                                                                  

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 nvax-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nvax-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nvax-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nvax-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nvax-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nvax-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

