<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_1474903_0001474903-16-000143_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5695687</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91183</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>333265</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1849709</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2396903</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>913447</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001474903-16-000143.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031172919
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001474903-16-000143
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160925
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BG Staffing, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001474903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				260656684
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36704
		FILM NUMBER:		161962648

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5850 GRANITE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 730
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-692-2422

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5850 GRANITE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 730
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LTN Staffing, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001474903-16-000143.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 q32016-10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    
     
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 25, 2016    
  or   
   
  For the transition period from                      to                    . 
    
  Commission File Number: 001-36704 
     
  BG STAFFING, INC.  
  (exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                 Delaware 
    26-0656684 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

5850 Granite Parkway, Suite 730 
  Plano, Texas 75024 
  (972) 692-2400 
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes               No        
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes               No        
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
                       Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes               No        
    
  The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of   October 31, 2016   was   8,668,485  . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                    PART I  
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  
    4 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    4 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income  
    5 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity  
    6 
        
     Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    7 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
    9 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    22 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    30 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    30 

PART II  
     OTHER INFORMATION  
    31 
       Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    31 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    31 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    31 
       Item 3.  
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    31 
       Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    31 
       Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    31 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    32 

2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form-10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). These statements relate to our expectations for future events and time periods. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed to be forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding: 

future financial performance and growth targets or expectations; 
                
    market and industry trends and developments; and 
                
    the benefits of our completed and future merger, acquisition and disposition transactions. 
       
  You can identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of words such as  anticipates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   predicts,   believes,   seeks,   estimates,   may,  "might," "aims," "scheduled,"  will,   should,   would,   could,   potential,   future,   continue,   ongoing,   forecast,   project,   target  and similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words. 
    
  These forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Future performance cannot be ensured. Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: 

the availability of workers  compensation insurance coverage at commercially reasonable terms; 
                
    the availability of qualified temporary workers; 
                
    compliance with federal and state labor and employment laws and regulations and changes in such laws and regulations; 
                
    the ability to compete with new competitors and competitors with superior marketing and financial resources; 
                
    management team changes; 
                
    the favorable resolution of current or future litigation; 
                
    the impact of outstanding indebtedness on the ability to fund operations or obtain additional financing; 
                
    the ability to leverage the benefits of recent acquisitions and successfully integrate newly acquired operations; 
                
    adverse changes in the economic conditions of the industries or markets that we serve; 
                
    disturbances in world financial, credit, and stock markets; 
                
    unanticipated changes in regulations affecting the company s business; 
                
    a decline in consumer confidence and discretionary spending; 
                
    the general performance of the U.S. and global economies; 
                
    continued or escalated conflict in the Middle East; and 
                
    other risks referenced from time to time in our past and future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 27, 2015  . 
       
  You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect any events or circumstances, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise, after the date hereof. 
    
  Where You Can Find Other Information 
    
  Our website is www.bgstaffing.com. Information contained on our website is not part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Information that we file with or furnish to the SEC, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to or exhibits included in these reports are available for download, free of charge, on our website soon after such reports are filed with or furnished to the SEC. These reports and other information, including exhibits filed or furnished therewith, are also available at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. You may also obtain and copy any document we file with or furnish to the SEC at the SEC s public reference room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the SEC s public reference facilities by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You may request copies of these documents, upon payment of a duplicating fee, by writing to the SEC at its principal office at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. 
  
   3 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements.    
   
  BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
    
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
    
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF   INCOME    
    
  For the   Thirteen and Thirty-nine   Week Periods Ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries    
    
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
    
  For the   Thirty-nine   Week Period Ended   September 25, 2016 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

6 

BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
    
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
    
  For the   Thirty-nine   Week Periods Ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
    
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
    
  For the   Thirty-nine   Week Periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

8 

BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS 
    
  BG Staffing, Inc. is a provider of temporary staffing services that operates, along with its wholly owned subsidiaries BG Staffing, LLC, B G Staff Services Inc., BG Personnel, LP and BG Finance and Accounting, Inc. ( BGFA ) (collectively, the  Company ), primarily within the United States of America in   three   industry segments: Multifamily, Professional, and Commercial. 
    
  The Multifamily segment provides front office and maintenance temporary workers to various apartment communities, in 18 states, via property management companies responsible for the apartment communities' day to day operations.    
    
  The Professional segment provides skilled temporary workers on a nationwide basis for     information technology ("IT")     customer projects, and finance and accounting needs in Texas and Louisiana.    
    
  The Commercial segment provides temporary workers primarily to logistics, distribution, and call center customers needing a flexible workforce in Illinois, Wisconsin, New Mexico, Texas, Tennessee and Mississippi.    
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ), pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. The information furnished herein reflects all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to present a fair statement of the financial position and operating results of the Company as of and for the respective periods. However, these operating results are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for a full fiscal year or any other future period. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. However, management of the Company believes, to the best of their knowledge, that the disclosures herein are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The Company has determined that there were no subsequent events that would require disclosure or adjustments to the accompanying consolidated financial statements through the date the financial statements were issued. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended   December 27, 2015  , included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  Fiscal Periods 
    
  The Company has a 52/53 week fiscal year. Fiscal periods for the consolidated financial statements included herein are as of   September 25, 2016   and   December 27, 2015  , and include the   thirteen and thirty-nine   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  . 
     
  Reclassifications 
    
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the   2015   financial statements to conform with the   2016   presentation. 
    
  Management Estimates 
    
  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates affecting the financial statements include goodwill, intangible assets and contingent consideration obligations related to acquisitions and put option valuation. 

9 

    BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

Financial Instruments 
    
  The Company uses fair value measurements in areas that include, but are not limited to: the allocation of purchase price consideration to tangible and identifiable intangible assets, contingent consideration and put option liability. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivables, accounts payable, and other current assets and liabilities approximate their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of the bank debt approximates fair value due to the variable nature of the interest rates under the credit agreement with Texas Capital Bank, National Association ( TCB ) that provides for a revolving credit facility ( Revolving Facility ) and current rates available to the Company for debt with similar terms and risk.  
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. 
    
  Concentration of Credit Risk 
    
  Concentration of credit risk is limited due to the Company's diverse customer base and their dispersion across many different industries and geographic locations nationwide. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company s accounts receivable as of   September 25, 2016   and   December 27, 2015   or revenue for the   thirty-nine   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  . Geographic revenue in excess of 10% of the Company's consolidated revenue was generated in the following areas:      

Consequently, weakness in economic conditions in these regions could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position and results of future operations. 
    
  Accounts Receivable 
    
  The Company extends credit to its customers in the normal course of business. Accounts receivable represents unpaid balances due from customers. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from customers  non-payment of balances due to the Company. The Company s determination of the allowance for uncollectible amounts is based on management s judgments and assumptions, including general economic conditions, portfolio composition, prior loss experience, evaluation of credit risk related to certain individual customers and the Company s ongoing examination process. Receivables are written off after they are deemed to be uncollectible after all means of collection have been exhausted. Recoveries of receivables previously written off are recorded when received.  
    
  Changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts are as follows: 

10 

    BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

Property and Equipment 
    
  Property and equipment are stated net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of   $1,170,445   and   $859,274   at   September 25, 2016   and   December 27, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Long-Lived Assets 
    
  The Company reviews its long-lived assets, primarily fixed assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recovered. The Company looks primarily to the undiscounted future cash flows in its assessment of whether or not long-lived assets have been impaired. There were no impairments during   2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Intangible Assets 
    
  The Company holds intangible assets with indefinite and finite lives. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives, ranging from   three   to   five   years, based on a pattern in which the economic benefit of the respective intangible asset is realized. 
    
  The Company annually evaluates the remaining useful lives of all intangible assets to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. 
    
  Goodwill 
    
  Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is evaluated at the reporting unit level for impairment annually at the end of each fiscal year, or more frequently, if conditions indicate an earlier review is necessary. If the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value for one or more reporting units is greater than their carrying value, the Company may use a qualitative assessment for the annual impairment test. 
    
  Deferred Rent 
    
  The Company recognizes rental expense on a straight-line basis over the life of the agreement. Deferred rent is recognized as the difference between cash payments and rent expense, including any landlord incentives. 
    
  Paid-in-kind Interest 
    
  The Company records paid-in-kind interest on a monthly basis to accrued interest. The first month following a quarter, the paid-in-kind accrued interest is reclassed to the related debt principal if not paid. 
    
  Deferred Financing Fees 
    
  Deferred financing charges are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the term of the respective loans. Debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability are presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability.  
    
  Contingent Consideration 
    
  The Company has obligations, to be paid in cash, related to its acquisitions if certain future operating and financial goals are met. The fair value of this contingent consideration is determined using expected cash flows and present value technique. The calculation of the fair value of the expected future payments uses a discount rate that approximates the Company's weighted average cost of capital. 

11 

    BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

Put Option 
    
  The Company granted a put option to certain holders of equity in BG Staffing, Inc., which was carried at fair market value in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Prior to second quarter 2015, the liability was revalued at each balance sheet date at the greater of an adjusted earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization method or the fair market value. During third quarter 2015, the liability calculation of fair market value was based on the closing price of the Company's stock. Changes in fair value are recorded as non-cash, non-operating income (expense) in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. In October 2015, the remaining shares were sold that contained the put right to third parties, which caused the put rights on those shares to expire.  
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  The Company derives its revenues from   three   segments: Multifamily, Professional, and Commercial. The Company provides temporary and consultant staffing and permanent placement services. Revenues as presented on the consolidated statements of operations represent services rendered to customers less sales adjustments and allowances. Reimbursements, including those related to out-of-pocket expenses, are also included in revenues, and equivalent amounts of reimbursable expenses are included in cost of services.  
    
  The Company and its customers enter into agreements that outline the general terms and conditions of the staffing arrangement. Revenue is recognized as services are performed and associated costs have been incurred. The Company records revenue on a gross basis as a principal versus on a net basis as an agent in the presentation of revenues and expenses. The Company has concluded that gross reporting is appropriate because the Company (i) has the risk of identifying and hiring qualified workers, (ii) has the discretion to select the workers and establish their price and duties and (iii) bears the risk for services that are not fully paid for by customers. 
    
  Temporary and consultant staffing revenues - Temporary and consultant staffing revenues are recognized when the services are rendered by the Company s temporary workers or consultants. The Company assumes the risk of acceptability of its workers to its customers. 
    
  Permanent placement staffing revenues - Permanent placement staffing revenues are recognized when employment candidates accept offers of permanent employment. The Company estimates the effect of permanent placement candidates who do not remain with its customers through the guarantee period (generally 90 days) based on historical experience. Allowances are established to estimate these losses. Fees to customers are generally calculated as a percentage of the new worker s annual compensation. No fees for permanent placement services are charged to employment candidates. 
    
  Share-Based Compensation 
    
  The Company recognizes compensation expense in selling, general and administrative expenses over the service period for options that are expected to vest and records adjustments to compensation expense at the end of the service period if actual forfeitures differ from original estimates. 
    
  Earnings Per Share 
    
  Basic earnings per common share are computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period adjusted to reflect potentially dilutive securities. Antidilutive shares are excluded from the calculation of earnings per share. 

12 

    BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

The following is a reconciliation of the number of shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the respective periods: 

Income Taxes 
    
  The current provision for income taxes represents estimated amounts payable or refundable on tax returns filed or to be filed for the year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and amounts are classified as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for net operating loss and tax credit carryovers. The overall change in deferred tax assets and liabilities for the period measures the deferred tax expense or benefit for the period. Effects of changes in enacted tax laws on deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected as adjustments to tax expense in the period of enactment. The Company recognizes any penalties and interest when necessary as part of selling, general and administrative expenses.  
    
  When appropriate, we record a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets to offset future tax benefits that may not be realized. In determining whether a valuation allowance is appropriate, we consider whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, based in part upon management s judgments regarding future events and past operating results.  
    
  The Company follows the guidance of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 740, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes. ASC Topic 740 prescribes a more-likely-than-not measurement methodology to reflect the financial statement impact of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.  
    
  Income tax expense attributable to income from operations for   2016   differed from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of   34%   to income before income taxes primarily as a result of state taxes and permanent differences related to share-based compensation. 
    
  Income tax expense attributable to income from operations for   2015   differed from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of   34%   to income before income taxes primarily as a result of state taxes, permanent differences related to share-based compensation, and the fair value of the put option adjustment. 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Updates ("ASU") 2016-02 Leases, which applies to lease transactions. Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, for the lease term. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted for all entities upon issuance. Lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative  
  
   13 

    BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

period presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-03, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, Business Combinations, Consolidation, Derivatives and Hedging, which amends prior guidance by removing their effective dates. The new standard was effective immediately. The Company adopted this ASUs in the first quarter of 2016 on a prospective basis for intangibles and business combinations and retrospective basis for consolidation and derivatives. The adoption of ASU had no impact of the on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification of related amounts within the statement of cash flows. The new standard will become effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter of 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which amends certain aspects of the Board's new revenue standard, ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The standard should be adopted concurrently with the adoption of ASU 2014-09, which is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, which provides guidance on how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard will become effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this accounting guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 3 - ACQUISITIONS 
    
  D W Talent, LLC 
    
  On   February 23, 2015  , the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of D W Talent, LLC ( D W ) for an initial cash consideration paid of   $8.5 million   and an undiscounted contingent consideration of up to   $3.5 million   based on the performance of the acquired business for the   three   years following the date of acquisition. The fair value of the contingent consideration at the acquisition date was estimated at   $2.0 million   and later adjusted to   $3.5 million   in November 2015. All contingent consideration was paid by April 24, 2016. The purchase agreement contained a provision for a  true up  of acquired working capital   120   days after the closing date.  
    
  The   2015   consolidated statements of operations include the operating results of D W operations for   13   weeks and   31   weeks from the date of acquisition for the   thirteen and thirty-nine   week periods ended, respectively, from the date of acquisition. D W operations contributed approximately   $4.6 million   and   $6.0 million   of revenue for the   thirteen   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively, and approximately   $14.0 million   and   $13.8 million   of revenue for the   thirty-nine   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Vision Technology Services 
    
  On   September 28, 2015  , the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Vision Technology Services, Inc., Vision Technology Services, LLC, and VTS-VM, LLC (collectively,  VTS ) for an initial cash consideration paid of   $10.0 million   and an undiscounted contingent consideration of up to   $10.75 million   based on the performance of the acquired business for the   three   years following the date of acquisition. The fair value of the contingent consideration at the acquisition date was estimated at   $7.3 million  . The purchase agreement contained a provision for a  true up  of acquired working capital   120   days after the closing date. 
    
  The   2015   consolidated statement of operations does not include any operating results of VTS. VTS operations contributed approximately   $8.1 million   and   $25.3 million   of revenue for the   thirteen and thirty-nine   week periods ended   September 25, 2016  , respectively.  
  
   14 

    BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

Supplemental Unaudited Pro Forma Information 
    
  The Company estimates that the revenues and net   income   for the periods below that would have been reported if the D W and VTS acquisitions had taken place on the first day of the Company's   2015   fiscal year would be as follows (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Pro forma net income includes amortization of identifiable intangible assets, interest expense on additional borrowings on the Revolving Facility at a rate of   3.75%   and tax expense of the pro forma adjustments at an effective tax rate of approximately   37.9%  .  

NOTE 4 - INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
    
  Intangible assets are stated net of accumulated amortization of   $28,784,398   and   $23,958,775   at   September 25, 2016   and   December 27, 2015  , respectively. Total amortization expense for the   thirteen   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   was   $1,548,914   and   $1,197,449  , respectively. Total amortization expense for the   thirty-nine   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015   was   $4,825,623   and   $3,501,928  , respectively.  

NOTE 5 - ACCRUED PAYROLL AND EXPENSES AND CONTINGENT CONSIDERATION 
    
  Accrued payroll and expenses consist of the following at: 

The following is a schedule of future estimated contingent consideration payments to various parties as of   September 25, 2016  :  

15 

BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

NOTE 6 - DEBT 
    
  On August 21, 2015, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with TCB. The Credit Agreement provides for the Revolving Facility maturing August 21, 2019 permitting the Company to borrow funds from time to time in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of the borrowing base amount, which is   85%   of eligible accounts, and TCB s commitment of   $25.0 million  . The Company's obligations are secured by a first priority security interest in all assets of the Company.    
    
  Effective September 21, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company obtained an additional   $10.0 million   in credit commitments from TCB pursuant to a Commitment Increase Agreement, raising TCB's total commitment under the Credit Agreement to   $35.0 million  . All other terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement remain the same as those in effect prior to the increase.  
    
  On August 21, 2015, the Company also entered into a senior subordinated credit agreement (the  Senior Subordinated Credit Agreement ) with Patriot Capital III SBIC, L.P. and Patriot Capital III, L.P. (together,  PC Subordinated Debt ), pursuant to which the foregoing lenders made term loans of   $14,250,000   and   $750,000  , respectively, with a maturity date of February 21, 2020. Interest accrued at a rate of   13%   per annum (with at least   10%   paid in cash quarterly and the remainder in cash or PIK interest added to the principal amount of the term loans). Prepayment of the loans prior to maturity was subject to an early repayment fee. The Company's obligations were secured by a security interest in all assets of the Company.   
    
  Proceeds from the foregoing loan arrangements were used to pay off existing indebtedness of the Company under the Fifth Third Bank senior credit facility described below.   
    
  Proceeds from the June 2016 common stock issuance (See Note 9) were used to pay off outstanding amounts under the Senior Subordinated Credit Agreement,   $404,119   was recorded as a loss on extinguishment of debt, and a   2%   repayment fee was recorded in interest expense in the second quarter 2016.   
    
  On   January 29, 2014  , the Company amended the senior credit facility, which provided for a revolving line of credit of   $20.0 million  , increased the original principal amount of the term loan facility from   $7.1 million   to   $11.3 million   and added   $8.0 million   of subordinated debt ( Term Loan B ).  
    
  In connection with the acquisition of the assets of D W (see Note 3) on   February 23, 2015  , the Company entered into an amendment with its lenders under senior credit facility to add BGFA as an additional borrower under the agreement and increased the borrowing base amount from   80%   to   85%   of eligible receivables.    
    
  Line of Credit 
    
  At   September 25, 2016   and   December 27, 2015  ,   $19.3 million   and   $16.2 million  , respectively, was outstanding on the Revolving Facility with TCB. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest equal to (i) Base Rate (the higher of Prime Rate, Federal Funds Rate plus   0.5%  , or LIBOR plus   1.0%  ) plus   0.5%   or (ii) LIBOR plus   3.25%  . Additionally, the Company pays an unused commitment fee of   0.25%   on the unfunded portion of the Revolving Facility. 
    
  Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bore interest as follows: 

The Credit Agreement contains, and the Senior Subordinated Credit Agreement contained, customary affirmative covenants as well as negative covenants restricting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things (with certain exceptions): (i) incur indebtedness; (ii) incur liens; (iii) enter into mergers, consolidations, or similar transactions; (iv) pay dividends or make distributions (except for permitted distributions as defined in the agreements); (v) make loans; (vi) dispose of assets; (vii)  
  
   16 

    BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

enter into transactions with affiliates; or (viii) change the nature of their business.  In addition, the Company must comply with certain financial covenants, including minimum debt service coverage ratio, minimum current ratio and maximum leverage ratio. As of   September 25, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with these covenants. 

NOTE 7 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
    
  The accounting standard for fair value measurements defines fair value, and establishes a market-based framework or hierarchy for measuring fair value. The standard is applicable whenever assets and liabilities are measured at fair value. The fair value hierarchy established in the standard prioritizes the inputs used in valuation techniques into three levels as follows: 
    
  Level 1 - Observable inputs - quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities; 
    
  Level 2 - Observable inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities - includes quoted prices for similar instruments, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in inactive markets, and amounts derived from valuation models where all significant inputs are observable in active markets, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument; and 
    
  Level 3 - Unobservable inputs - includes amounts derived from valuation models where one or more significant inputs are unobservable and require us to develop relevant assumptions. 
    
  The following table summarizes the financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the level they fall within the fair value hierarchy: 

In connection with the acquisition of substantially all of the assets and assumption of certain liabilities of InStaff Holding Corporation and InStaff Personnel, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of InStaff Holding Corporation (collectively,  InStaff ), the Company granted a put option to certain holders of equity in BG Staffing, Inc. The liability was transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 during the third quarter   2015   due to an increased active market. In October 2015, the remaining shares were sold that contained the put right to third parties, which caused the put rights on those shares to expire.  

NOTE 8 - CONTINGENCIES 
    
  The Company is engaged from time to time in legal matters and proceedings arising out of its normal course of business. The Company establishes a liability related to its legal proceedings and claims when it has determined that it is probable that the Company has incurred a liability and the related amount can be reasonably estimated. If the Company determines that an obligation is reasonably possible, the Company will, if material, disclose the nature of the loss contingency and the estimated range of possible loss, or include a statement that no estimate of the loss can be made.  
    
  The Company is not currently a party to any material litigation; however, in the ordinary course of our business the Company is periodically threatened with or named as a defendant in various lawsuits or actions. The principal risks that the Company insures against, subject to and upon the terms and conditions of various insurance policies, are workers  compensation, general liability, automobile liability, property damage, professional liability, employment practices, fiduciary liability, fidelity losses and director and officer liability. 
    
  Under the Company's bylaws, the Company s directors and officers are indemnified against certain liabilities arising out of the performance of their duties to the Company. The Company also has an insurance policy for our directors and officers to insure them against liabilities arising from the performance of their positions with the Company or its subsidiaries. The Company has also entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain officers. 

17 

NOTE 9   EQUITY 
    
  Authorized capital stock consists of   19,500,000   shares of common stock, par value   $0.01   per share and   500,000   shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value   $0.01   per share.  
    
  In June 2016, the Company issued and sold   1,191,246   shares of common stock,   $0.01   par value per share, to various investors in a registered underwritten offering for aggregate gross proceeds of   $16,677,444   in cash. The purchase price to the public was   $14.00   per share. The newly issued shares constituted approximately   16.1%   of the total of issued and outstanding shares of common stock immediately before the initial execution of the Underwriting Agreement. In connection with the closing, the Company incurred   $1,568,688   in offering costs. Proceeds were used to pay off existing indebtedness of the Company under the Senior Subordinated Credit Agreement.  

NOTE 10   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  For the   thirteen   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , the Company recognized   $111,134   and   $48,564   of compensation cost related to stock option awards, respectively. For the   thirty-nine   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , the Company recognized   $252,972   and   $225,039   of compensation cost related to stock option awards, respectively. Unamortized stock compensation expense as of   September 25, 2016   amounted to   $621,379  , which is expected to be recognized over the next   2.6   years. 
    
  A summary of stock option activity is presented as follows: 

For the   thirty-nine   week periods ended   September 25, 2016  , the Company issued   71,374   shares of common stock upon the cashless exercise of   87,655   stock options. 
    
  Warrant Activity 
    
  For the   thirteen   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , the Company did not recognize any compensation cost related to warrants. For the   thirty-nine   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , the Company recognized   $-0-   and   $6,524   of compensation cost related to warrants, respectively. There was   no   unamortized stock compensation expense to be recognized as of   September 25, 2016  .  

18 

    BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

A summary of warrant activity is presented as follows: 

For the   thirty-nine   week periods ended   September 25, 2016  , the Company issued   17,910   shares of common stock upon the cashless exercise of   42,099   warrants. 
    
  The intrinsic value in the tables above is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeded the exercise price of outstanding options or warrants, before applicable income taxes and represents the amount holders would have realized if all in-the-money options or warrants had been exercised on the last business day of the period indicated.  

NOTE 11 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN 
    
  The Company provides a defined contribution plan (the  401(k) Plan ) for the benefit of its eligible full-time employees. The 401(k) Plan allows employees to make contributions subject to applicable statutory limitations. The Company matches employee contributions   100%   up to the first   3%   and   50%   of the next   2%   of an employee s compensation. The Company contributed   $217,103   and   $69,405   to the 401(k) Plan for the   thirteen   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively. The Company contributed   $622,772   and   $187,856   to the 401(k) Plan for the   thirty-nine   week periods ended   September 25, 2016   and   September 27, 2015  , respectively.  

NOTE 12 - BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
    
  The Company operates within   three   industry segments: Multifamily, Professional, and Commercial.   The Multifamily segment provides front office and maintenance temporary workers to various apartment communities, in 18 states, via property management companies responsible for the apartment communities' day to day operations.     The Professional segment provides skilled temporary workers on a nationwide basis for IT customer projects, and finance and accounting needs in Texas and Louisiana.     The Commercial segment provides temporary workers primarily to logistics, distribution, and call center customers needing a flexible workforce in Illinois, Wisconsin, New Mexico, Texas, Tennessee and Mississippi.    
    
  Segment operating income includes all revenue and cost of services, direct selling expenses, depreciation and amortization expense and excludes all general and administrative (corporate) expenses. Assets of corporate include cash, unallocated prepaid expenses, deferred tax assets, and other assets. 

19 

    BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

The following table provides a reconciliation of revenue and operating income by reportable segment to consolidated results for the periods indicated: 

20 

    BG Staffing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

NOTE 13 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  On   October 19, 2016  , the Company's board of directors declared a cash dividend in the amount of   $0.25   per share of common stock to be paid on   November 7, 2016   to all shareholders of record as of the close of business on   October 31, 2016  . 

21 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our accompanying Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto. Comparative segment revenues and related financial information are discussed herein and are presented in Note 12 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. See  Forward Looking Statements  on page 3 of this report and  Risk Factors  included in our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 27, 2015  , for a description of important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected results. 
    
  Overview 
    
  We are a leading national provider of temporary staffing services and have completed a series of acquisitions including the acquisition of BG Personnel, LP and B G Staff Services Inc. in   June 2010  , and substantially all of the assets of JNA Staffing, Inc. in   December 2010  , Extrinsic, LLC in   December 2011  , American Partners, Inc. in   December 2012  , InStaff in   June 2013  , D W in   March 2015   and VTS in   October 2015  . We operate within three industry segments: Multifamily, Professional, and Commercial. We provide services to customers primarily within the United States of America. 
    
  The Multifamily segment provides front office and maintenance temporary workers to various apartment communities, in 18 states, via property management companies responsible for the apartment communities' day to day operations.    
    
  The Professional segment provides skilled temporary workers on a nationwide basis for information technology ("IT") customer projects, and finance and accounting needs in Texas and Louisiana.    
    
  The Commercial segment provides temporary workers primarily to logistics, distribution, and call center customers needing a flexible workforce in Illinois, Wisconsin, New Mexico, Texas, Tennessee and Mississippi.    
    
  Results of Operations 
    
  The following tables summarize key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of revenues, and have been derived from our unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

22 

Thirteen   Week Fiscal Period Ended   September 25, 2016   (Fiscal Quarter   2016  ) Compared with   Thirteen   Week Fiscal Period Ended   September 27, 2015   (Fiscal Quarter   2015  )  

Multifamily Revenues  :    Multifamily revenues   in  creased approximately   $4.8 million   (  34.2%  ), due to our continued focus on expansion outside of Texas. Revenue from branches outside of Texas accounted for approximately   $4.2 million   of the   in  crease and revenue from branches in Texas   in  creased approximately   $0.6 million  . The   in  crease was due to a   28.8%     in  crease in billed hours and a   4.0%     in  crease in average bill rate. 
    
  Professional Revenues  :    Professional revenues   in  creased approximately   $3.6 million   (  16.5%  ), primarily from the VTS acquisition, which contributed approximately   $8.0 million   of new revenues. The increase was offset by a   de  crease of   $4.4 million   in the remaining segment due to an   18.6%     de  crease in billed hours and a   1.1%     de  crease in average bill rate. 

23 

Commercial Revenues  :    Commercial revenues   de  creased approximately   $1.2 million   (  5.1%  ), primarily from branches in Illinois, Wisconsin and Texas. Illinois and Wisconsin locations   de  creased   $0.7 million  , Texas branches   de  creased revenues   $0.6 million  , and other branches outside of the Midwest   in  creased   $0.1 million  . The overall revenue   de  crease was due to a   9.7%     de  crease in billed hours, offset by a   4.6%     in  crease in average bill rate. 
    
  Gross Profit: 
    
  Gross profit represents revenues from services less cost of services expenses, which consist of payroll, payroll taxes, payroll-related insurance, temporary worker costs, and reimbursable costs. 

Overall, our gross profit has   in  creased approximately   $2.5 million   (  18.6%  ) due primarily to the VTS (  $2.1 million  ) acquisition and   in  creased revenues in our Multifamily segment. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit has   in  creased to   24.4%   from   23.0%   primarily due to higher revenues in our Multifamily and Professional segments. 
    
  Multifamily Gross Profit:    Multifamily gross profit   in  creased approximately   $2.0 million   (  40.5%  ) mainly due to an   in  crease in revenue. The   in  crease in gross profit percentage of   1.7%   was due primarily to   6.2%     in  crease in average spread. 
    
  Professional Gross Profit:    Professional gross profit   in  creased approximately   $0.8 million   (  14.2%  ) due primarily to the VTS acquisition of   $2.1 million   with a gross profit of   25.5%  . This   in  crease was offset by a   de  crease in gross profit of   $0.8 million   with a gross profit percentage   de  crease of   6.1%   in the finance and accounting group due to an   11%     de  crease in average spread. The IT group   de  creased gross profit   $0.5 million   with a gross profit percentage   in  crease of   0.8%   due to a   1.2%     in  crease in average spread. 
    
  Commercial Gross Profit:    Commercial gross profit   de  creased approximately   $0.2 million   (  6.3%  ) due to   de  creased revenue. The   de  crease in gross profit percentage of   0.2%   is primarily due to a   9.7%     de  crease in billed hours, offset by a   1.7%     in  crease in average spread.   
    
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses:    Selling, general and administrative expenses   in  creased approximately   $2.6 million   (  33.6%  ) primarily due to the VTS acquisition of   $1.1 million  , increased headcount, commissions and bonuses, and other cost associated with our growth. 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization:    Depreciation and amortization charges   in  creased approximately   $0.4 million   (  29.4%  ). The   in  crease in depreciation and amortization is primarily due to Professional segment intangible assets acquired in the VTS acquisition in   October 2015  . 
    
     Interest Expense, net:    Interest expense, net was relatively consistent due to a   de  crease in the interest of   $0.4 million   under our debt from the payoff of the subordinated loan balance, which included a 2% repayment fee and the   in  crease in the amortization of contingent consideration discounts of   $0.4 million   from the VTS acquisition. 
  
   24 

Income Taxes:    Income tax   expense     de  creased approximately   1.7%   primarily due to   higher   taxable income offset by a   de  crease in the effective rate. 
    
  Thirty-nine   Week Fiscal Period Ended   September 25, 2016   Compared with   Thirty-nine   Week Fiscal Period Ended   September 27, 2015    

Multifamily Revenues  :    Multifamily revenues   in  creased approximately   $11.8 million   (  37.2%  ) due to our continued focus on expansion outside of Texas. Revenue from branches outside of Texas accounted for approximately   $10.5 million   of the   in  crease and revenue from branches in Texas   in  creased approximately   $1.3 million  . The   in  crease was due to a   31.3%     in  crease in billed hours and a   4.4%     in  crease in average bill rate. 
    
  Professional Revenues  :    Professional revenues   in  creased approximately   $24.1 million   (  42.5%  ) primarily from the VTS acquisition, which contributed approximately   $25.3 million   of new revenues. The finance and accounting group   in  creased   $0.2 million   due to   4.0%     in  crease in billed hours offset by a   de  crease of   2.0%   in average bill rate. These revenue increases were offset by a   de  crease in the IT group of   $1.4 million   due to a   de  crease of   4.1%   in average bill rate offset by a   1.4%     in  crease in billed hours. 
    
  Commercial Revenues  :    Commercial revenues   in  creased approximately   $2.8 million   (  4.5%  ) primarily from operations in Texas. Texas branches   in  creased revenues   $4.1 million  , other branches outside of the Midwest   in  creased   $1.9 million  , and our Illinois and Wisconsin locations   de  creased   $3.2 million  . The overall revenue   in  crease was due to a   0.4%     de  crease in billed hours and a   4.9%     in  crease in average bill rate. 
    
  Gross Profit: 
    
  Gross profit represents revenues from services less cost of services expenses, which consist of payroll, payroll taxes, payroll-related insurance, temporary worker costs, and reimbursable costs. 

25 

Overall, our gross profit has   in  creased approximately   $11.9 million   (  36.0%  ) due primarily to the VTS (  $6.4 million  ) acquisition and   in  creased revenues in our Multifamily and Commercial segments. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit has   in  creased to   23.7%   from   21.9%   primarily due to a   higher   percentage of our revenues from our Multifamily and Professional segments. 
    
  Multifamily Gross Profit:    Multifamily gross profit   in  creased approximately   $5.0 million   (  44.2%  ) mainly due to an   in  crease in revenue. The   in  crease in gross profit percentage of   1.8%   was due primarily to   7.4%     in  crease in average spread. 
    
  Professional Gross Profit:    Professional gross profit   in  creased approximately   $6.4 million   (  49.4%  ) due primarily to the VTS acquisitions of   $6.4 million   with a gross profit of   25.2%   and the IT group of   $0.4 million  . These   in  creases were offset by a gross profit   de  crease of   $0.4 million   with a gross profit percentage   de  crease of   3.1%   in the finance and accounting group due to a   7.5%     de  crease in average spread. 
    
  Commercial Gross Profit:    Commercial gross profit   in  creased approximately   $0.5 million   (  5.8%  ) due to the corresponding   in  creased revenue. The   in  crease in gross profit percentage of   0.1%   is primarily due to a   3.2%     in  crease in average spread. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses:    Selling, general and administrative expenses   in  creased approximately   $7.7 million   (  37.0%  ) primarily due to the D W acquisition with   $0.1 million   and the VTS acquisition with   $3.0 million  , increased headcount, commissions and bonuses, and other costs associated with our   growth  . 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization:    Depreciation and amortization charges   in  creased approximately   $1.4 million   (  38.8%  ). The   in  crease in depreciation and amortization is primarily due to Professional segment intangible assets acquired in the D W and VTS acquisitions. 
    
  Interest Expense, net:    Interest expense, net   in  creased approximately   $1.5 million   (  87.2%  ) primarily due to the   in  crease in the amortization of contingent consideration discounts of   $1.2 million   from the D W and VTS acquisitions and a  n in  crease in the interest of   $0.3 million   from the payoff of the subordinated loan balance, which included a 2% repayment fee. 
    
  Income Taxes:    Income tax   expense     in  creased approximately   $0.4 million   primarily due to   higher   taxable   income   and a   de  crease in the effective rate. 

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  We present Adjusted EBITDA (defined below), a measure that is not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (non-GAAP), in this Quarterly Report to provide investors with a supplemental measure of our operating performance. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful performance measure and is used by us to facilitate a comparison of our operating performance on a consistent basis from period-to-period and to provide for a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than measures under GAAP can provide alone. Our board and management also use Adjusted EBITDA as one of the primary methods for planning and forecasting overall expected performance and for evaluating on a quarterly and annual basis actual results against such expectations, and as a performance evaluation metric in determining achievement of certain compensation programs and plans for company management. In addition, certain financial covenants in our Credit Agreement (as defined below) are based on this measure. 
     
  We define  Adjusted EBITDA  as earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, and other non-cash expenses such as the put option adjustment, loss on extinguishment of debt, and share-based compensation expense. Omitting interest, taxes and the other items provides a financial measure that facilitates comparisons of our results of operations with those of companies having different capital structures. Since the levels of indebtedness and tax structures that other companies have are different from ours, we omit these amounts to facilitate investors  ability to make these comparisons. Similarly, we omit depreciation and amortization because other companies may employ a greater or lesser amount of property and  
  
   26 

intangible assets. We also believe that investors, analysts and other interested parties view our ability to generate Adjusted EBITDA as an important measure of our operating performance and that of other companies in our industry. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to   net income   for the periods indicated as a measure of our performance. Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
    
  The use of Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider this performance measure in isolation from, or as an alternative to, GAAP measures such as net income (loss). Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of liquidity under GAAP or otherwise, and is not an alternative to cash flow from continuing operating activities. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by the expenses that are excluded from that term or by unusual or non-recurring items. The limitations of Adjusted EBITDA include: (i) it does not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; (ii) it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (iii) it does not reflect income tax payments we may be required to make; and (iv) it does not reflect the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments associated with indebtedness. 
    
  To properly and prudently evaluate our business, we encourage you to review our unaudited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report and the reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA from   net income  , the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, set forth in the following table. All of the items included in the reconciliation from   net income   to Adjusted EBITDA are either (i) non-cash items or (ii) items that management does not consider in assessing our on-going operating performance. In the case of the non-cash items, management believes that investors may find it useful to assess our comparative operating performance because the measures without such items are less susceptible to variances in actual performance resulting from depreciation, amortization and other non-cash charges and more reflective of other factors that affect operating performance. In the case of the other items that management does not consider in assessing our on-going operating performance, management believes that investors may find it useful to assess our operating performance if the measures are presented without these items because their financial impact may not reflect on-going operating performance. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Our working capital requirements are primarily driven by temporary worker payments and customer accounts receivable receipts. Since receipts from customers lag payments to temporary workers, working capital requirements increase substantially in periods of growth. 
    
  Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Texas Capital Bank, National Association ( TCB ) that provides for a revolving credit facility maturing August 21, 2019 (the  Revolving Facility ). Our primary uses of cash are payments to temporary workers, operating expenses, capital expenditures, cash interest, cash taxes, dividends and contingent consideration payments. We believe that the cash generated from operations, together with the borrowing availability under our Revolving Facility, will be sufficient to meet our normal working capital needs for at least the next twelve months, including investments made, and expenses incurred, in connection with opening new branches throughout the next year. Our ability to continue to fund these items may be affected by general economic, competitive and other factors, many of which are outside of our control. If our future cash flow from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to obtain additional debt or equity capital or refinance all or a portion of our debt.  
  
   27 

While we believe we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet our current operating requirements and expansion plans, we may elect to pursue additional growth opportunities within the next year that could require additional debt or equity financing. If we are unable to secure additional financing at favorable terms in order to pursue such additional growth opportunities, our ability to pursue such opportunities could be materially adversely affected. 
    
  The Company has an effective Form S-3 shelf registration statement allowing for the offer and sale of up to approximately $34 million of common stock. There is no guarantee that we will be able to consummate any offering on terms we consider acceptable or at all. 
    
  A summary of our operating, investing and financing activities are shown in the following table: 

Operating Activities 
    
  Cash provided by operating activities consists of   net income   adjusted for non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation expense, put option adjustment, interest expense on contingent consideration payable, and the effect of working capital changes. The primary drivers of cash inflows and outflows are accounts receivable and accrued payroll and expenses. 
    
  During the   thirty-nine   week period ended   September 25, 2016  , net cash provided by operating activities was   $7.1 million   a  n in  crease of   $1.2 million   compared with   $5.9 million   for the corresponding period in   2015  . This   in  crease is primarily attributable to the timing of payments on accounts receivables and accrued payroll and expenses. 
    
     Investing Activities 
    
  Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of cash paid for businesses acquired and capital expenditures. 
    
  In the   thirty-nine   week period ended   September 25, 2016  , we made capital expenditures of   $0.6 million   mainly related to computer equipment purchased in the ordinary course of business. In the   thirty-nine   week period ended   September 27, 2015  , we paid   $8.8 million   in connection with the D W acquisition and we made capital expenditures of approximately   $0.5 million   mainly related to computer equipment purchased in the ordinary course of business and furniture and fixtures related to the new corporate offices.  
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Cash flows from financing activities consisted principally of borrowings and payments under our Revolving Facility, payment of other long-term obligations, stock sales and contingent consideration paid.  
    
  For the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 25, 2016  , we   in  creased our borrowings on our revolving line of credit by   $3.0 million   and received net proceeds from issuance of common stock of   $15.3 million   mainly to pay off amounts owing under the Senior Subordinated Credit Agreement of   $15.3 million  . We also paid   $5.9 million   in cash dividends on our common stock and   $3.5 million   of contingent consideration related to the fiscal   March 2015   D W acquisition. 
    
  For the   thirty-nine   weeks ended   September 27, 2015  , we   in  creased our borrowings under our revolving line of credit by   $4.9 million   and received proceeds from issuance of common stock of   $7.0 million   mainly to fund the D W acquisition. We paid   $4.6 million   in cash dividends on our common stock, we   de  creased our net debt by   $2.2 million   using excess cash flows from operations, and we paid   $0.9 million   of contingent consideration primarily related to the   June 2013   InStaff acquisition and the   December 2012   acquisition of the American Partners division. 

28 

Credit Agreements 
    
  On August 21, 2015, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement with TCB. The Credit Agreement provides the Revolving Facility permitting the Company to borrow funds from time to time in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of the borrowing base amount, which is 85% of eligible accounts receivable, and TCB s commitment of $25.0 million. The Company's obligations are secured by a first priority security interest in all assets of the Company.   
    
  Effective September 21, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company obtained an additional $10.0 million in credit commitments from TCB pursuant to a Commitment Increase Agreement, raising TCB's total commitment under the Credit Agreement to $35.0 million. All other terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement remain the same as those in effect prior to the increase.  
    
  On August 21, 2015, the Company also entered into a senior subordinated credit agreement (the  Senior Subordinated Credit Agreement ) with Patriot Capital III SBIC, L.P. and Patriot Capital III, L.P. (together,  PC Subordinated Debt ), pursuant to which the forgoing lender made term loans of $14,250,000 and $750,000, respectively, with a maturity date of February 21, 2020. The Company's obligations were secured by a security interest in all assets of the Company.   
    
  Proceeds from the foregoing loan arrangements were used to pay off existing indebtedness of the Company under the Fifth Third Bank senior credit facility.   
    
  Proceeds from the June 2016 common stock issuance were used to pay off outstanding indebtedness under the Senior Subordinated Credit Agreement. 
    
  Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest equal to (i) Base Rate (the higher of Prime Rate, Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%, or LIBOR plus 1.0%) plus 0.5% or (ii) LIBOR plus 3.25%. The PC Subordinated Debt bore interest of 10% paid quarterly plus a compounding deferred interest of 3%. Additionally, the Company pays an unused commitment fee of 0.25% on the unfunded portion of the Revolving Facility. 
    
  The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants as well as negative covenants restricting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things (with certain exceptions): (i) incur indebtedness; (ii) incur liens; (iii) enter into mergers, consolidations, or similar transactions; (iv) pay dividends or make distributions (except for permitted distributions as defined in the agreements); (v) make loans; (vi) dispose of assets; (vii) enter into transactions with affiliates; or (viii) change the nature of their business.  In addition, the Company must comply with certain financial covenants, including minimum debt service ratio, minimum current ratio and maximum leverage ratio. As of   September 25, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with these covenants. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We are not party to any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, estimates, assumptions and judgments to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.  
    
  Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in  Item 1. Financial Statements . Please also refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 27, 2015   for a more detailed discussion of our critical accounting policies.  

29 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their potential effect on our results of operations and financial condition, refer to Note 2 in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Note 2 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 27, 2015  .  
    
  JOBS Act 
    
  The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 provides that an  emerging growth company  can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We may elect to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public and private companies until such pronouncements become mandatory for private companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public and private companies. 
    
  Additionally, as an  emerging growth company,  we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 or (ii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis). 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  We are exposed to certain market risks from transactions we enter into in the normal course of business. Our primary market risk exposure relates to interest rate risk.  
    
  Interest Rates 
    
  Our Revolving Facility provides available borrowing to us at variable interest rates. Accordingly, future interest rate changes could potentially put us at risk for an adverse impact on future earnings and cash flows.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective, at a reasonable assurance level, in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act and are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
    
  For the fiscal quarter ended   September 25, 2016  , there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluations required by Rule 13a-15(d) or Rule 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
    
  Our management, including our CEO and our CFO, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These  
  
   30 

inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    
   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  No change from the information provided in ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 27, 2015  .  

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
    
  In evaluating us and our common stock, we urge you to carefully consider the risks and other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A. of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 27, 2015   (our    2015   Form 10-K ), and filed with the SEC on March 7, 2016. There have been no material changes from the risk factors as previously disclosed in our   2015   Form 10-K. Any of the risks discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or any of the risks disclosed in Item 1A. of Part I of our   2015   Form 10-K, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

All issuances were cashless and made in reliance upon the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
    
  None.  

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Not applicable.  

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None.  

31 

Item 6. Exhibits 
    
  The following exhibits are filed or furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

* 
    Filed herewith. 

This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

32 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BG STAFFING, INC. 

/s/ L. Allen Baker, Jr. 
        
    Name: 
    L. Allen Baker, Jr. 
        
    Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Dan Hollenbach 
        
    Name: 
    Dan Hollenbach 
        
    Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:   October 31, 2016    

33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q32016-ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 
    
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, L. Allen Baker, Jr., certify that: 
    
                   1 
      
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 25, 2016 of BG Staffing, Inc. 
      2 
      
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
      3 
      
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
      4 
      
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
        
    a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
        
    b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
        
    c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
        
    d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
      5 
      
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
        
    a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
        
    b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   October 31, 2016    
    
                   By: 
    /s/ L. Allen Baker, Jr.   
      
      Name: 
    L. Allen Baker, Jr. 
      
      Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q32016-ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
    
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Dan Hollenbach, certify that: 
    
                   1 
      
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 25, 2016 of BG Staffing, Inc. 
      2 
      
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
      3 
      
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
      4 
      
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
        
    a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
        
    b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
        
    c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
        
    d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
      5 
      
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
        
    a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
        
    b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   October 31, 2016    
    
                   By: 
    /s/ Dan Hollenbach 
      
      Name: 
    Dan Hollenbach 
      
      Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q32016-ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the quarterly report of BG Staffing, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 25, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, we, the undersigned, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of our knowledge, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Date:   October 31, 2016    
    
                       By: 
    /s/ L. Allen Baker, Jr. 
      
    By: 
    /s/ Dan Hollenbach 
      Name: 
    L. Allen Baker, Jr. 
      
    Name: 
    Dan Hollenbach 
      Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
      
    Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies this report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or otherwise subject to liability pursuant to that section. The certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Secretary of the Company and will be retained by the Secretary of the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 bgsf-20160925.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bgsf-20160925.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bgsf-20160925_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bgsf-20160925_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bgsf-20160925_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bgsf-20160925_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

