<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1293593_0001571049-16-019686_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3002522</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80748</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>183646</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>668266</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1184618</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>792913</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>69</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019686.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109160258
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019686
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Synutra International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001293593
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33397
		FILM NUMBER:		161984189

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15200 SHADY GROVE ROAD #350
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3018403888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15200 SHADY GROVE ROAD #350
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vorsatech Ventures, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040614

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019686.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 t1602402_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C.  20549 

FORM 10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

OR  

For the transition period from                   to                   . 

Commission file number 001-33397  

SYNUTRA
INTERNATIONAL, INC.   

DELAWARE   
       
       13-4306188    
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction
    of  
         
      (I.R.S. Employer    
 
      Incorporation or Organization)  
         
      Identification No.)   

2275 Research Blvd., Suite 500  

  Rockville, Maryland 20850  

  (Address of
Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code)  

(301) 840-3888  

  (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x   
   No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x       No      

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer   x   

Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes           No   x  

As of November 9,
2016, there were 56,690,687 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   
       
      1   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      14   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      26   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
       
      26   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
       
      27   

Item 1A. Risk Factors   
       
      27   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      27   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
      27   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      27   

Item 5. Other Information   
       
      27   

Item 6. Exhibits   
       
      28   

Signatures   
       
      29   

Table of Contents   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC.   

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

  (Dollars and shares in thousands, except
per share data)   

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per share
data)  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS)  

  (Dollars in thousands)   

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY  

  (Dollars and shares in thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC.   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  (Dollars in thousands)   

 ( UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents   

SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

1.    ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES  

Synutra International,
Inc. and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the  Company  or  Synutra ) are principally
engaged in production, distribution and sales of dairy-based nutritional products under the  Shengyuan  or  Synutra 
line of brands in the People s Republic of China ( China  or  PRC ). The Company focuses on selling
powdered formula products for infants and adults, and also engages in other nutritional product offerings, such as prepared foods
and certain nutritional ingredients and supplements.. 

2.    BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The Company is responsible
for the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this document, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ) and include all normal and recurring adjustments
that management of the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operating results. The
Company prepared these statements following the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
for interim reporting. As permitted under those rules, the Company condensed or omitted certain footnotes or other financial information
that are normally required by US GAAP for annual financial statements. These statements should be read in combination with the
consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. 

The unaudited consolidated
financial statements include the financial statements of Synutra International, Inc. and its subsidiaries, its consolidated variable
interest entity, Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co., Ltd. (the variable interest entity, or  VIE ), in which
it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority
of the voting equity interest in an entity. US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities
over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests, which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the
primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial
interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support from other parties.  Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIE, the Company controls
the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIE and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary
of the VIE. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with
the consolidated VIE are insignificant and hold de minimis assets and liabilities. 

Net income or loss of a
subsidiary is attributed to the Company and to the noncontrolling interests on the basis of relative ownership interest. Noncontrolling
interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Company's equity therein. 

All inter-company accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The operating results for
interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the full year. 

Table of Contents   

3.    INVENTORIES  

The Company s inventories
as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 are summarized as follows: 

The value of goods-in-transit
included in raw materials was $4.7 million and $7.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively, which mainly
represented purchases of whey powder from international sources. 

The Company recorded lower
of cost or market provisions for inventory of $3.8 million and $3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, and $5.5 million and $5.0 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Table of Contents   

4.    RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

A.    Related party balances  

a.    Due from related parties, including current and non-current
portion  

b.    Due to related parties  

The amount due to and due
from related parties were unsecured and interest free. 

B.    Sales to and services for related parties  

In the three and six months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company s sales to related parties mainly included feed grade milk powder and whey powder to
Beijing AoNaier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd., and powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service., Ltd., and services
for related parties including office spaces rented to Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd., Beijing AoNaier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd., St.
Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co., Ltd., and Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co., Ltd. 

C.    Purchases from related parties  

In the three and six months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, St. Angel Cultural Communication provided certain marketing activities for the Company. 

Table of Contents   

5.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

Land represents a parcel
of land acquired for the Company s French subsidiary. 

Construction in progress
mainly represents construction and equipment for the French subsidiary as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016. 

The Company recorded
depreciation expense for owned assets and capital leased assets of $2.5 million and $2.3 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $5.1 million and $4.8 million for the six months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

6.    LONG-TERM LOAN RECEIVABLE  

In May 2015, the Company
granted a four-year long term loan of RMB 60.0 million (equivalent to $9.0 million) with interest rate of 7% to Qingdao
Jisheng Iron Printing and Tin Making Co., LTD. ( Qingdao Jisheng ), a supplier for the iron sheet used for its
formula products. Qingdao Jisheng shall use the loan to expand its own upstream manufacturing capacity. RMB10.0 million, RMB20.0
million and RMB30.0 million shall be repaid by Qingdao Jisheng in May 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The outstanding principal
loan amount of $1.5 million and $7.5 million are separately recorded as prepayments and other current assets, and long-term loan
receivable on the consolidated balance sheet, which is close to its fair value. On the other hand, in fiscal 2016 the Company
received RMB27.0 million in cash equivalent from Qingdao Jisheng as a performance guaranty to be the exclusive iron sheet supplier
to its Carhaix facility. See Note 9 for details.  The Company evaluated the credit risk associated with the loan and
estimated the cash flow expected to be collected over the life of the loan. A valuation allowance will be established if the loan
is deemed unable to be collected. No valuation allowance has been recorded as of September 30, 2016. 

7.    INVESTMENT HELD AT TRUST    

In October and November
2015, the Company launched two marketing initiatives whereby customers can purchase online cash coupons through the BaiduPay platform
(the  Platform ). The cash coupons can be redeemed by the customer within one year from the date of purchase for the
Company s products posted on the Platform. The customers have the right to request the Company to redeem their unused coupons
at the end of the one-year period for the original purchase amount plus an annual rate of 8.0%. According to the agreement between
the Company and the Platform, the cash received from the customers from the purchases of cash coupons (the  Fund )
is required to be deposited in a specific trust managed by a third party financial institution (the  Trust Company )
to protect the customers  interest and only the portion of the Fund related to the cash coupon redeemed for the Company s
products can be utilized by the Company at its discretion. The Fund relating to the unused coupons is restricted for use by the
Company and can only be invested in principal protected investment products agreed by the Company and the Trust Company. 

Funds deposited in the
trust in the amount of $3.2 million are recorded in Advances from Customers on the consolidated balance sheets. As agreed by both
parties, the Fund was invested to purchase a trust product consisting of fixed income debt securities with interest rate of 7%
and maturity term less than one year. The Company classified the investment as held-to-maturity securities and carried it at amortized
cost. The carrying amount of the securities of $3.2 million as of September 30, 2016 approximated their fair value due to their
credit ratings and their short-term nature. 

Table of Contents   

The Company s debts
consisted of the following: 

Long-term debt  

The long-term debts, including
current portion, as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 are comprised of: 

As of September 30, 2016,
the long-term debt borrowed in China was secured by restricted cash deposit of $59.9 million. These debts used floating
interest rates, which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by the People s Bank of China,
or LIBOR. The maturity dates range from October 2016 to June 2019. 

As of September 30, 2016,
the long-term debt borrowed in Hong Kong was secured by restricted cash deposit of $17.1 million. These debts used floating interest
rates, which are calculated based on LIBOR. The maturity dates of the used facilities range from November 2016 to March 2017. 

As of September 30, 2016,
the long-term debt borrowed in France was secured by restricted cash deposit of $48.6 million and all the long-lived assets of
the French Project. These debts have floating interest rates ranging from LIBOR+2% to LIBOR+4.3%. The maturity dates of the borrowed
debts range from February 2018 to September 2022. 

The weighted average interest
rates as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 for the long-term debts were 3.5% and 3.7%, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016,
borrowings both in short-term and long-term, including current portion, denominated in RMB, USD and EUR were $223.4 million, $60.3
million and $248.7 million, respectively. 

Maturities on long-term
debt, including current and non-current portion are as follows: 

The total amount of
interest cost incurred was $4.8 million and $5.4 million, and the amount thereof that has been capitalized was $1.4 million
and $1.2 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The total amount of interest
cost incurred was $9.5 million and $10.3 million, and the amount thereof that has been capitalized was $2.6 million and $1.9
million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Table of Contents   

9.    OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES  

In May 2015, Qingdao
Jisheng agreed to pay RMB27.0 million (equivalent to $4.0 million) to the Company as performance guaranty to secure the exclusive
iron sheet supplier status for the Company s French Project for ten years starting from its commercial operation. Under
the agreement, the Company is required to fulfill a contractual amount of minimum purchase volume at fair market value each year
for a period of ten years. If the Company fulfills the contractual minimum purchase volume, it can keep the entire performance
guaranty amount. If the Company fails to meet this minimum annual purchase volume, the Company is obligated to compensate Qingdao
Jisheng at RMB0.1 per tin for the shortfall. By March 31, 2016, the Company had received RMB27.0 million (equivalent to $4.0 million)
from Qingdao Jisheng. As the Company s French Project only recently commenced operation, it had not begun purchasing
iron sheet as of September 30, 2016. $0.4 million and $3.6 million were recorded in  Other current liabilities  and
 Other noncurrent liabilities  as of September 30, 2016, respectively. The amount will be recognized based on actual
order as a reduction to cost. 

10.    LOSS ON A SUPPLY CONTRACT  

In September 2012,
the Company entered into a 10-year milk supply agreement with Sodiaal Union ( Sodiaal ), a French agricultural
cooperative company, for its French Project. In accordance with the terms of this supply agreement, the Company is committed
to purchasing a fixed volume of raw milk from Sodiaal on a monthly basis. If there is a shortfall between the
Company s actual purchases and the contractual amount, the Company would have to pay a cash compensation to Sodiaal,
which is determined as the difference between the milk purchase prices to be paid by Sodiaal to the milk farmers and the spot
market price for the shortfall quantity. Under these agreements, the Company undertakes to build a new drying facility in  Carhaix,
France (the  French Project ) for the manufacture of powdered milk and fat-enriched, or high oil, demineralized
whey. The Company  is committed to purchasing, and Sodiaal and Euroserum are committed to selling, 288 million liters of milk
per year for ten years, an amount of whey equivalent to 24,000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract
per year for ten years, and 6,000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year, or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey,
for ten years, at market based prices at the time of purchase, to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. If
the Company purchased less than the agreed amount, the Company would compensate Sodiaal or Euroserum, as the case may be, for
the loss suffered. The Company initially agreed to begin purchasing raw milk from Sodiaal in January 2016; however, the
purchase plan has been delayed as the milk tower did not commence  trial operation until June 2016.   

As required
by the contract,  the Company paid Sodiaal and third-party processors to process the raw milk into powder or other dairy
products to fulfill its purchase obligations under the contract. Given that such payment was a result of   its commitment to
purchase rather than an expense required to test run the facility itself, rather than including this loss in its total
project investment, the Company recorded a $8.8 million and $2.8 million loss related to this contract during the three
months ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. Since June  2016, the Company gradually increased the volume of
raw milk the Company processed in-house, and by August 2016 when its second tower  commenced trial operation, the Company is
able to fulfill all of its  purchase commitments.   The
second tower is designed to process whey protein and milk. The Company did not incur additional contract loss in the
three months ended September 30, 2016.  

Table of Contents   

On September 10, 2015,
the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to an aggregate
amount of $20.0 million of the Company s common stock from time to time through September 10, 2016. Under the program,
shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1
under the Exchange Act. Following the approval, the Company entered into a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan under the Exchange
Act permitting open market repurchases of the Company s common stock based on certain triggers described in the trading
plan. In fiscal year 2016, the Company repurchased 610,313 shares of common stock in an open trading window or under the Rule
10b5-1 trading plan at an aggregate cost of $3.0 million, which was paid for through cash on hand. The share repurchase program
automatically terminated due to the Company s public announcement of receiving a non-binding proposal letter, dated
January14, 2016, from Mr. Liang Zhang, Chairman and CEO of the Company, and an affiliated entity of his, proposing a  going-private 
transaction. For details, please refer to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2016. 

The effective tax rate
is based on expected income (loss), statutory tax rates and incentives available in the various jurisdictions in which the Company
operates. For interim financial reporting, the Company estimates the annual tax rate based on projected taxable income for the
full year and records a quarterly income tax provision (benefit) in accordance with the ASC No. 740-270,  Income tax  
Interim reporting . As the year progresses, the Company refines the estimates of the year s taxable income as new information
becomes available. This continual estimation process often results in a change to the expected effective tax rate for the year.
When this occurs, the Company adjusts the income tax provision (benefit) during the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs
so that the year-to-date provision reflects the expected annual tax rate. 

The Company considers positive
and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized.
This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecasts of future profitability,
the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the Company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused and tax planning alternatives.
Valuation allowances have been established for deferred tax assets based on a more-likely-than-not threshold. The Company's ability
to realize deferred tax assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods provided
for in the tax law. 

For purposes of calculating
basic and diluted earnings per share, the Company used the following weighted average common stocks outstanding: 

Table of Contents   

The Company s chief
operating decision maker has been identified as the chief executive officer, who reviews consolidated results when making decisions
about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Company. In fiscal year 2014, the Company operated and reported its
performance in four segments. However, starting from fiscal year 2015, the Company has operated the Powdered Formula and Foods
segments as a single business segment based on a shared distribution network and similar marketing strategies. Therefore, there
are only three reportable segments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The three reportable segments are:  

Nutritional food  -
Sales of powdered infant and adult formula products, prepared foods and ultra high temperature ( UHT ) liquid
milk products.  

Nutritional supplement  -
Sales of nutritional supplement such as chondroitin sulfate to external customers, and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid ( DHA )
and Arachidonic Acid ( ARA ) to powdered formula segment. 

Other business  -
Other business includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial
customers, providing genetic diagnostic services for newborn babies, and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women. 

Segment disclosures are
on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The following tables summarized the Company s revenue
and cost generated from different revenue streams. 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements   

Sections of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q (the  Form 10-Q ) including, in particular, the Company s Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to
predict; therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking
statements. 

Expressions of future
goals and expectations or similar expressions including, without limitation,  may,   should,   could, 
 expects,   does not currently expect,   plans,   anticipates,   intends, 
 believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential,   targets,  or  continue, 
reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The factors described
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K under Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and below in Part II. Other Information
  Item 1A. Risk Factors could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those described in the
forward-looking statements. Unless required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. However, readers should carefully review
the reports and documents the Company files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ),
particularly its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Report on Form 10-K , Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to
those reports. 

Use of Terms 

Except where the context
otherwise requires and for purposes of the Form 10-Q only: 

we, 
                                          us,  the  Company,   our,  and  Synutra 
                                         refer to Synutra International, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries; 

China 
                                         or  PRC  refers to the People s Republic of China, excluding Taiwan
                                         and the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau;   

all
                                         references to  ton  or  tons  are to  tonne  or  metric
                                         ton;  

all
                                         references to  Renminbi  or  RMB  are to the legal currency of
                                         China; 

all
                                         references to  Euro,   EUR,  or     are to the
                                         legal currency of the European Union; and 

all
                                         references to  U.S. dollars,   USD,   dollars,  or
                                          $  are to the legal currency of the United States. 

Amounts may not always
add to the totals due to rounding. 

Available Information  

The Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections
13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), are filed with the SEC. Such
reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available on the Company s website at http://www.synutra.com
when such reports are available on the SEC website. The public may read and copy any materials filed by the Company with the
SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that
contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
at http://www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, the Company s
references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Overview  

We are a leading infant
formula company in China. We principally engage in the production, distribution and sale of dairy-based nutritional products under
the  Shengyuan  or  Synutra  line of brands in the PRC. We focus on selling powdered formula products for
infants and adults, and also engage in other nutritional product offerings, such as prepared foods and certain nutritional ingredients
and supplements. We sell most of our products through an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network covering all provinces
and provincial-level municipalities in China. As of September 30, 2016, this network comprised over 960 independent distributors
and over 280 independent sub-distributors who sell our products in approximately 26,900 retail outlets. 

We currently have three
reportable segments: 

Nutritional
                                         Food  includes the sale of powdered infant and adult formula products, with major
                                         brands including Super, My Angel and Dutch Cow, UHT liquid milk product under
                                         the brand of Dutch Cow introduced in fiscal year 2016, and prepared foods under the brand
                                         of Huiliduo;    

Nutritional Supplement  includes
the production and sale of nutritional supplements such as chondroitin sulfate to third parties, and microencapsulated DHA and
ARA to the nutritional food segment for use in powdered formula production; and    

Other Business  includes non-core
businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers, providing genetic diagnostic
services for newborn babies, and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.    

Table of Contents   

Executive Summary  

After the successful implementation
of our Gold Mining Strategy, which improved our management of distributors and stores with regard to both inventories and expenses,
as more fully described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2014, we continued to execute the same management
philosophy in fiscal years 2015 and 2016. We continued to focus on the productivity of our stores, promoters and sales staff, and
to continue to build our brand through direct communication with consumers via our promoters, rather than through mass market advertisements
or promotional campaigns. 

Based on this philosophy,
we launched the Kangaroo program in fiscal year 2015, to enable our in-store promoters to better serve our consumers through our
membership loyalty program. Promoters  compensation was previously solely based on the commission they received on the sales
in the stores where they worked and only during the hours they worked. Under the Kangaroo program, we are able to reward bonuses
to promoters based on the loyalty points accumulated by their members, regardless of where and when sales occur, which encouraged
promoters to maintain an accurate and updated list of their members in our central database. Using our self- developed sales management
mobile application  Treasure in Hand,  our promoters can manage mobile communications with their members, including
calls, text messages and WeChat messages (the dominant mobile communication application in China) with one app, focusing on the
particular community-based WeChat group communications. The Treasure in Hand app is linked to our WeChat corporate account  Thumb
Mama,  or  Mu Zhi Ma Ma  in Chinese. If a promoter, or a part-time worker, can pass our standard entrance exam
on infant nutrition and health knowledge, they can be admitted into the Thumb Mama program and become a nutritional consultant
and host a sub-group under our corporate WeChat account, and then attract members into their respective sub-groups. In addition
to maintaining member service through the WeChat group communication, such account is also linked to our Thumb Mall e-commerce
platform as described below. 

In the beginning of fiscal
year 2016, we launched our WeChat-based e-commerce platform  Thumb Mall,  or  Mu Zhi Shang Cheng  in Chinese.
We have placed our Super brand infant formula products, DutchCow brand adult formula and liquid milk products, and Precious Care
brand pregnancy cosmetic products on the Thumb Mall platform. We plan to expand its offerings to include more of our products.
If our member orders infant formula products from Thumb Mall, she can enjoy special discounts only available to Kangaroo program
members and her nutritional consultant will receive a commission. We intend to encourage the continuous shift from offline stores
to our own online platform, which will enable us to further reduce physical retail outlets and the associated overhead. The online
program also enables us to recruit part-time, online-only nutritional consultants who do not work in any store and only get paid
through commission from online sales, which greatly expands the size of our field sales team without increasing fixed overhead.
By the end of fiscal year 2016, sales through Thumb Mall had reached approximately 15% of total sales of Super brand products,
and we had attracted approximately 10,000 part-time nutritional consultants into our program. 

While in the
first half of fiscal 2017, we continued to develop this program, and saw the number of active members with recent
purchases continue to rise, along with the number of both full-time and part-time nutritional
consultants, our performance in the three months ended September 30 2016 was negatively affected by the delayed opening of
our French project. As described in more details elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and the Form 10-K for fiscal 2016, the French
project includes spray-drying capacity of 45,000 tons for whole milk powder and 45,000 tons for high oil whey protein powder.
It also includes 90,000 tons of dry-mixing and canning capacity for canned powdered formula products. We had plans to produce
a 100% made-in-France version of our core Super brand infant milk formula products, and introduced this product to our
distributors in China at the end of August 31, 2016. While the made-in-France products have received positive feedback from
our distributors and mom-and-baby store owner clients, the prolonged delay of the French project to generate reliable
production volume has disrupted their order schedule, as in the three months ended September 30, 2016, our distributors
reduced the order volume on made-in-China Super brand and other products in anticipation of the made-in-France products,
which failed to be delivered on schedule. This is a major reason for the year-over-year decline in shipment volume and
formula products sales. However, given the high level of interest expressed by the distributors and stores to carry our
made-in-France products, we expect the year-over-year sales to improve once we resolve the delay of the French project to
steadily meet the volume demand. 

We commenced
trial operations of our French project in June 2016 and began formal operation of the whole milk tower in July 2016. However,
as our whole milk powder is intended to be placed into our canned products with certain density requirements, we spent longer
time than expected adjusting the density and other physical or biological properties of the powders. While we completed the
physical adjustments of the tower equipment in September 2016, and held a grand opening ceremony on September 28, 2016 during
which we showcased the full cycle production capacity of the two towers and the mixing and canning facility, we identified
certain glitches of the information controlling system of the facility that would force the facility to automatically turn
off with false alarms, as a result of which the facility is yet unable to generate stable supplies of powder or infant
formula products for the Chinese market as of the end of October 2016. We now expect the French project to produce qualified
powder and infant formula products with steady volume starting in November 2016 , as a result of which the French
facility will convert from construction in progress to fixed assets starting December 2016. Before such conversion, we
recorded the losses  generated at the facility during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 as adjustment costs to the overall project investment.  As such, we continued to incur capital expenditure for the French project in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the total budget of the project increased from $213.9 million as of June 30, 2016 (including  173 million of fixed asset investment and pre-opening expenses through that date) to $231.7 million as of
September 30, 2016. Despite the interruption in production, with its demonstrated full cycle operation capacity, the French project has received full production permits
or certifications from competent authorities, including the import accreditation for both dairy and infant milk formula products from the Certification
and Accreditation Administration of China. 

Table of Contents   

Our performance
in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was also negatively affected by the  regulatory uncertainty with regards to
production license from China Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA ).  In June 2016, CFDA
released the final version of guidance for the production license for the general infant formula products, which
stipulates that effective January 1, 2018, the number of formulas/brands that each factory is allowed to
manufacture is limited to three brands, but it has not released any detailed implementation rules to date. There is
considerable uncertainty as to the transition from the current 2000 plus brands in the Chinese market to an estimated 500
brands with approximately 170 factories licensed or accredited to supply infant formula products to the Chinese market.
Such uncertainty negatively affected the market demand for our My Angel products and certain private label products, which
contributed to our sales growth for the past three years. We expect the negative  regulatory
impact  to ease when CFDA releases the implementation rules to give more clarity for regulatory compliance. 

A third
major factor that negatively affected our performance during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was the losses we
incurred to launch the Dutch Cow UHT liquid milk products. While the Dutch Cow brand is a leading adult formula brand in
China, it takes time for consumers to accept liquid milk products under the same brand. Our sales team, which was trained in
the high margin, high brand-loyalty, targeted-marketing formula market, also needs to adapt to the low margin, highly
competitive, mass-marketing liquid milk market. As a result, we have experienced slower-than-expected inventory turnover and
also have given away substantial amount of free samples and incurred higher-than-expected expenses on promotional activities,
resulting in a decrease in gross margin under this product  in
the  three months ended September 30, 2016. While we have seen a steady increase in sales volume month-over-month for the
Dutch Cow liquid milk products, we still expect to incur further losses and face inventory pressure for this product in the
near team. We believe, however, in the long run, our investment to expand the awareness and client base for the Dutch Cow
products will build up significant equity in this brand.  

On January 14, 2016,
our board of directors received a preliminary non-binding proposal letter from Mr. Liang Zhang, our chairman and chief executive
officer, and an affiliated entity of his, which together with Mr. Zhang comprised the buyer group at the time, to acquire all
of our outstanding common stock not already owned by the buyer group in a going-private transaction for $5.91 in cash per share.
On January 21, 2016, our board of directors formed a special committee, consisting solely of independent directors, to consider
the proposed going-private transaction and to negotiate with the buyer group, while considering other strategic options available
to us. On January 30, 2016, the special committee received a letter from the buyer group led by Mr. Zhang, stating, among other
things, that such buyer group would not proceed with the proposed going-private transactions unless approved by the special committee.
Our share repurchase program approved on September 10, 2015 had automatically terminated due to our public announcement of receiving
such non-binding proposal letter. There can be no assurance that any definitive offer will be made, that any agreement will be
executed or that a transaction with the buyer group or any other transaction will be approved or consummated.  

Table of Contents   

Three Months Results of Operations  

Below is a summary of selected
comparative results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

* not meaningful 

Net Sales   

Our net sales by reportable
segments are shown in the table below: 

Net sales of our nutritional
food segment include powdered formula products for infants, children and adults, prepared food for infants and children,
and liquid milk,. The decrease in net sales of our nutritional food segment was mainly due to the combined effects of the
following factors: 

The sales volume of powdered
                                         formula products under nutritional food segment for the three months ended September
                                         30, 2016 was 5,808 tons, as compared to 6,322 tons for the same period in the previous
                                         year. The decrease was primarily due to the prolonged delay of our French project,
                                         as our distributors and stores reduced the order volume on made-in-China products in anticipation of the made-in-France products, which failed
to be delivered on schedule   

The average selling price of
                                         powdered formula products under nutritional food segment for the three months
                                         ended September 30, 2016 was $12,457 per ton, compared to $12,380 per ton for the same
                                         period in the previous year. Average selling price is calculated as net sales, after
                                         deducting sales discounts and rebates, divided by sales volume. The minor increase in
                                         average selling price was mainly due to reduced discounts.   

The sales volume and
average selling price exclude the amount of free products provided to customers, which is recorded as cost of sales in the
corresponding period. 

Table of Contents   

Our nutritional supplement
segment mainly consists of external sales of chondroitin sulfate materials to international pharmaceutical companies. The decrease
was primarily due to a temporary halt of orders by two major customers of this segment since fourth quarter  of
fiscal 2016. The two clients resumed orders in August 2016  at levels consistent with the previous year. 

Other business
mainly includes ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers, such as whole milk
powder and whey powder. Sales under this segment fluctuate from quarter to quarter.  

Cost of Sales   

Our cost of sales by reportable
segments is shown in the table below: 

The increase in the
cost of sales of the nutritional food segment was due to the additional cost for the UHT products, partially offset by lower unit cost of formula products and lower
shipment volume. 

The decrease in the cost of sales of the nutritional
supplement segment was mainly due to the decreased sales volume of chondroitin sulfate. 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin   

The decrease of
gross profit of nutritional food segment was due to a decline in sales volume. The decrease of gross margin of
nutritional food segment was primarily attributable to the increased sales of Dutch Cow UHT milk with lower margin, which
was launched in January 2016. 

The decrease in
the gross profit of the nutritional supplement segment was mainly due to lower shipment volume in the first half of the
three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The negative
margin for other business segment was mainly due to the  disposition of defective milk powder below its original
cost in the
three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Table of Contents   

Expenses   

Selling and distribution
expenses primarily include compensation expense for sales staff, freight charges and travel expenses. 

The slight decrease was mainly due to decreased
bonuses for sales staff consistent with decreased sales. 

Advertising expenses
primarily include media expenses paid to e-commerce providers. Promotion expenses primarily include promotional products provided
to end customers, and service charges for our consumer loyalty program administered by a third party. The increase was mainly
due to a subsidy of $3.4 million provided by a local PRC government, which was recorded as deduction of promotion expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

General and administrative
expenses primarily include salaries for staff and management, depreciation, office rental, office supplies and bad debt expense.
The increase was mainly due to the release of $0.9 million bad debt expense in the three months ended September 30,
2015 and salary and social welfare for our new subsidiaries in three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Government subsidies
represent the receipt of general purpose subsidies from local governments. 

Interest Expense and Interest Income   

The decrease in interest
expense was mainly due to decreased average interest rate as we borrow more EUR-denominated loans for the French project
which charge lower interest rates, partially offset by increased loan balances. $1.4 million of interest expenses was
capitalized for the French project in the three months ended September 30, 2016. In addition, interest rates on our
RMB-denominated loans have also decreased since mid-2015. Interest income on restricted cash balance, which is
mostly RMB, also declined compared to that of the corresponding period of the previous year. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Loss,
Net   

Our sales and
receivable are mostly denominated in RMB, while our purchase of milk powder and whey powder and over half of our loans are
denominated in USD and EUR. We incurred a loss of $2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $8.9 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015, as RMB has depreciated against USD and EUR significantly since August
2015. 

Net Income Attributable to Common Stockholders   

As a result of
the foregoing, net income attributable to stockholders for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.8 million,
compared to a net income of $0.5 million for the same period in the previous year.  

Table of Contents   

Six Months Results of Operations  

Below is a summary of selected
comparative results of operations for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

* not meaningful 

Net Sales   

Our net sales by reportable
segments are shown in the table below: 

Net sales of our nutritional
food segment include powdered formula products for infants, children and adults, prepared food for infants and children, and liquid
milk. The decrease in net sales of our nutritional food segment was mainly due to the combined effect of the following
factors: 

The sales volume of powdered
                                         formula products under nutritional food segment for the six months ended September
                                         30, 2016 was 11,700 tons, as compared to 11,736 tons for the same period in the previous
                                         year.    

The average selling price of
                                         powdered formula products under nutritional food segment for the six months ended
                                         September 30, 2016 was $12,886 per ton, compared to $12,951 per ton for the same period
                                         in the previous year. Average selling price is calculated as net sales, after deducting
                                         sales discounts and rebates, divided by sales volume. The minor decrease was mainly
                                         due to the negative impact from exchange rate changes, partially offset by lower discounts
                                         in the three months ended September 30, 2016.   

The sales volume and average
selling price exclude the amount of free products provided to customers, which is recorded as cost of sales in the period. 

Our nutritional supplement
segment mainly consists of external sales of chondroitin sulfate materials to international pharmaceutical companies. The decrease
was primarily due to a temporary halt of orders by two major customers of this segment. 

Other business mainly includes
ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers, such as whole milk powder and whey powder. Sales under this segment
fluctuate from quarter to quarter. The increase in the six months ended September 30, 2016 is mainly due to higher
milk powder sales. 

Table of Contents   

Cost of Sales   

Our cost of sales by reportable
segments is shown in the table below: 

The increase in the cost
of sales of the nutritional food segment was mainly due to increased costs under the Dutch Cow brand liquid milk products
for the six months ended September 30, 2016.  

The decrease in the cost of sales of the nutritional
supplement segment was mainly due to the decreased sales volume of chondroitin sulfate. 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin   

*  Not meaningful 

The decrease
of gross profit of nutritional food segment was due to a decline in sales volume. The decrease of gross margin of nutritional
food segment was primarily due to (i) the depreciation of RMB against USD,  because we sold almost all of our powdered
formula product and UHT milk in RMB in China while we purchased major raw material, such as milk
powder and whey protein powder, in USD overseas, and (ii) the newly launched
Dutch Cow UHT milk which has lower margin than powdered formula products. 

The decrease in the
gross profit of the nutritional supplement segment was mainly due to lower shipment volume in the six months ended September 30,
2016.  

The negative margin for
other business segment was mainly due to the disposition of defective
milk powder below its original cost in the six months ended September 30, 2016. 

Table of Contents   

Expenses   

* not meaningful 

Selling and distribution
expenses primarily include compensation expense for sales staff, freight charges and travel expenses. The decrease was mainly due
to decreased bonuses for sales staff consistent with decreased sales in certain high premium products. 

Advertising expenses
primarily include media expenses paid to e-commerce providers. Promotion expenses primarily include promotional products provided
to end customers, and service charges for our consumer loyalty program administered by a third party. The decrease in the advertising
and promotion expenses was primarily due to (i) the utilization of less expensive Internet channels for promotional activities,
and (ii) a change in promotion budget management from centralized management to product-based management, for which our product
managers are cautious when applying for their own budget, partially offset by subsidy of $3.4 million provided by a local
PRC government, which was recorded as deduction of promotion expenses in the six months
ended September 30, 2015. 

General and
administrative expenses primarily include salaries for staff and management, depreciation, office rental, office
supplies and bad debt expense. The increase in general and administrative expenses was mainly due to the
release of $0.8 million of expense provisions in the six months ended September 30, 2015 and salary and
social welfare for our new subsidiaries in six months ended September 30, 2016. 

Loss on a supply contract
mainly represent compensation to Sodiaal under our milk supply agreement, as we could not take full delivery of raw milk
during the six months ended September 30, 2016. For details, see  Item 1. Financial Statements   Note
10.  

Government subsidies
represent the receipt of general purpose subsidies from local governments. 

Interest Expense and Interest Income   

The decrease in interest
expense was mainly due to decreased average interest rate as we borrow more EUR-denominated loans for the French project which
charged lower interest rates, partially offset by increased loan balances. $2.6 million of interest expenses was
capitalized for the French Project in the six months ended September 30, 2016. In addition, interest rates on our PRC-denominated
loans have decreased since mid-2015. 

Interest income on
restricted cash balance, which is mostly RMB, also declined compared to that of the corresponding period of the
previous year. 

Foreign Currency Exchange Loss,
Net   

Our sales and
receivable are mostly denominated in RMB, while our purchase of milk powder and whey powder and over half of our loans are
denominated in USD and EUR. We incurred a loss of $4.3 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and $8.6 million
for the six months ended September 30, 2015, as RMB has depreciated against USD and EUR significantly since August
2015. 

Net Income Attributable to Common Stockholders   

As a result of the foregoing,
net income attributable to stockholders for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.8 million, compared to $8.1 million
for the same period in the previous year.  

Table of Contents   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Overview   

Our primary sources of
liquidity are cash on hand, cash from operations and available borrowings. Cash flows from operating activities mainly represent
the inflow of cash from our customers and the outflow of cash for inventory purchases, manufacturing, operating expenses, interest
and taxes. Cash flows used in investing activities primarily represent capital expenditures for equipment and buildings, and restricted
cash used as security against letters of credit, bank acceptance bills and short-term and long-term borrowings.
Cash flows from financing activities primarily represent proceeds and repayments of borrowings. In addition, while there can be
no assurance that we will be able to refinance our short-term bank borrowings as they become due, historically, we have renewed
or rolled over most of our bank loans after the maturity date of the loans and we believe we will continue to be able to do so. 

Cash and cash equivalents
totaled $43.6 million as of September 30, 2016, of which $43.0 million was held outside of the United States. 

On September 17, 2012,
the Company entered into a partnership framework agreement, a milk supply agreement, a whey supply agreement, a whey powder supply
agreement, and a technical assistance agreement with Sodiaal Union, a French agricultural cooperative company ( Sodiaal ),
and/or Euroserum SAS ( Euroserum ), a French subsidiary of Sodiaal, as the case may be, relating to a long-term industrial
and commercial partnership between Sodiaal and the Company. Under these agreements, we undertake to build a new drying
facility in Carhaix, France, for the manufacture of powdered milk and fat-enriched, or high oil, demineralized whey. We
are committed to purchasing, and Sodiaal and Euroserum are committed to selling, 288 million liters of milk per year for ten years,
an amount of whey equivalent to 24,000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract per year for ten years, and
6,000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year, or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey, for ten years, at market based
prices at the time of purchase, to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. If we purchases less than the agreed
amount, we would compensate Sodiaal or Euroserum, as the case may be, for the loss suffered. We initially agreed to begin purchasing
raw milk from Sodiaal in January 2016; however, the purchase plan has been delayed as the milk tower did not commence trial
operation until June 2016. As required by the contract, we paid Sodiaal and third-party processors to process the raw milk into
powder or other dairy products to fulfill our purchase obligations under the contract. Given that such payment was a result of
our commitment to purchase rather than an expense required to test run the facility, rather than including this loss in our total
project investment, we recorded a $8.8 million and $2.8 million loss related to this contract during the three months
ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016,  respectively .
Since June 2016, we have gradually increased the volume of raw milk we process in-house and by August 2016 when our second
tower commenced trial operation, we were able to fulfill all of our purchase commitments. For details, see  Item 1. Financial
Statements   Note 10.   

On September 18, 2015 and March 24, 2016, we entered into two purchase contracts under which we
agreed to purchase UHT liquid milk from two suppliers in France, including one affiliate of Sodiaal, from calendar 2017 through
calendar 2027. The minimum amount of liquid milk products we agreed to purchase is 85,500 tons in calendar 2017, and between 195,500
tons and 207,000 tons in calendar 2018 through calendar 2027. We expect to finance the purchases under these contracts with operating
cash flow and trade financing arrangements, and sell the products in the Chinese market. 

In March 2016, we entered
into a five-year lease contract under which we agreed to lease UHT liquid milk equipment from a supplier in France, beginning
from calendar 2017 to calendar 2018. The lease payment will be $3.7 million per year. We expect to finance the lease with operating
cash flow. 

On September 10, 2015,
our board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to an aggregate amount of $20,000,000
of our common stock from time to time through September 10, 2016. Under this repurchase program, shares may be repurchased in
privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act.
Following the approval, we entered into a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan under the Exchange Act permitting open market repurchases of
our common stock based on certain triggers described in the trading plan. During fiscal year 2016, we repurchased 610,313
shares of our common stock under the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan at an aggregate cost of $3.0 million which was paid for through
cash on hand. The share repurchase program had automatically terminated due to our public announcement of receiving a non-binding
proposal letter, dated January14, 2016, from Mr. Liang Zhang, our chairman and chief executive officer, and an affiliated entity
of his, proposing a  going-private  transaction. 

Table of Contents   

Cash Flows   

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, certain information relating to our cash flows: 

Cash flow used in
operating activities in the six months ended September 30, 2016 was a result of the net income of $2.6 million, as
adjusted for non-cash expense and income items of $10.4 million, and an increase in working capital of $70.4 million.
In the six months ended September 30, 2016, we spent $176.6 million to purchase raw materials and other production materials,
$24.4 million in staff compensation and social welfare, $20.0 million in taxes, $45.2 million in operating expenses, $6.5 million
in interest, $0.8 million in land lease, received $224.5 million from our customers and $1.8 million from interest payments. 

Cash flow used in investing
activities in the six months ended September 30, 2016 mainly represents $34.0 million payment for the purchase of
property, plant and equipment, $3.8 million outflow for restricted cash deposited with banks as security against the issuance
of letters of credit for the import of raw materials and as pledges for certain short-term and long-term borrowings, $0.4 million
outflow for acquisition of Intangible assets, partially offset by $40,000 in proceeds from disposed assets. 

Cash flow used in financing
activities in the six months ended September 30, 2016 mainly represents net cash outflow of $32.2 million from short-term loans
and $0.2 million payment for assets under capital leases, partially offset by net cash inflow of $4.5 million from long-term
loans. 

Outstanding Indebtedness   

For information on our
short-term and long-term borrowings, see  Item 1.  Financial Statements   Note 8.  

Capital Expenditures   

Our capital expenditures
were $29.2 million and the corresponding cash outflow was $34.0 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016, which
mainly represented expenditures for our drying facility in France. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We do not have off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to investors. 

Table of Contents   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2016, FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-15 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments. The amendments in thsi Update provide guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues: 1) Debt Prepayment or
Debt Extinguishment Costs; 2) Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates That
Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing; 3) Contingent Consideration Payments Made after
a Business Combination; 4) Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims; 5) Proceeds from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned
Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned Life Insurance Policies; 6) Distributions Received from Equity Method Investees;
7) Beneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions; and 8) Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance
Principle. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position and results of operations
upon adoption. 

In October 2016, FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-16 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. The
amendments in this Update require that an entity should recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an
asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Two common examples of assets included in the scope of this Update are intellectual
property and property, plant, and equipment. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods.
Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an annual reporting period for which financial statements (interim
or annual) have not been issued or made available for issuance. That is, earlier adoption should be in the first interim period
if an entity issues interim financial statements. The amendments in this Update should be applied on a modified retrospective basis
through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. We are evaluating
the impact to our financial position and results of operations upon adoption. 

In October 2016, FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-17 Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common
Control.The amendments in this Update do not change the characteristics of a primary beneficiary in current generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP). Therefore, a primary beneficiary of a VIE has both of the following characteristics: (1) the power
to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation
to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE
that could potentially be significant to the VIE. If a reporting entity satisfies the first characteristic of a primary
beneficiary (such that it is the single decision maker of a VIE), the amendments in this Update require that reporting
entity, in determining whether it satisfies the second characteristic of a primary beneficiary, to include all of its direct
variable interests in a VIE and, on a proportionate basis, its indirect variable interests in a VIE held through related parties,
including related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity. That is, under the amendments, a single
decision maker is not required to consider indirect interests held through related parties that are under common control
with the single decision maker to be the equivalent of direct interests in their entirety. Instead, a single decision maker
is required to include those interests on a proportionate basis consistent with indirect interests held through other related
parties. If, after performing that assessment, a reporting entity that is the single decision maker of a VIE concludes
that it does not have the characteristics of a primary beneficiary, the amendments continue to require that reporting entity
to evaluate whether it and one or more of its related parties under common control, as a group, have the characteristics
of a primary beneficiary. If the single decision maker and its related parties that are under common control, as a group,
have the characteristics of a primary beneficiary, then the party within the related party group that is most closely
associated with the VIE is the primary beneficiary. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position
and results of operations upon adoption. 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

There is no material
change in the information reported under Item 7A,  Foreign Exchange Risk,   Inflation, 
 Interest Rate Risk,   Concentration of Credit Risk  and  Commodities Risk 
contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Conclusion Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures  

Our management, with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

Based on such evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is (a) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and (b) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) in the three
months ended September 30, 2016, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.  

Table of Contents   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

As of September 30, 2016,
the end of the period covered by this report, we were subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have not
been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of our management, we do
not believe current legal proceedings and claims would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition or operating results. However, the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty.
We intend to contest each lawsuit vigorously but should we fail to prevail in any of these legal matters
or should several of these legal matters be resolved against us in the same reporting period, the operating results of
a particular reporting period could be materially and adversely affected. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

For information regarding
the risks and uncertainties affecting our business, please refer to  Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors  of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. There have been no material changes to these risks and uncertainties during
the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS  

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Liang Zhang   

Name:  
      Liang Zhang   

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer and Chairman   

By:  
      /s/ Ning Cai   

Name:  
      Ning Cai   

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602402_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Liang Zhang, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Synutra International, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Liang Zhang  

Name:  
      Liang Zhang  

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602402_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Ning Cai, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Synutra International, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Ning Cai  

Name:  
      Ning Cai  

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1602402_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1   

SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

Certification  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, the undersigned,
Liang Zhang, Chief Executive Officer of Synutra International, Inc. (the  Registrant ), hereby certifies, to his knowledge,
that the Registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Liang Zhang  

Name:  
      Liang Zhang  

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer  

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
with the Registrant s Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1602402_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

Certification  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, the undersigned,
Ning Cai, Chief Financial Officer of Synutra International, Inc. (the  Registrant ), hereby certifies, to her knowledge,
that the Registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and that the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 9, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Ning Cai  

Name:  
      Ning Cai  

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer  

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
with the Registrant s Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 syut-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 syut-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 syut-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 syut-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 syut-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 syut-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

