<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1551390_0001571049-16-019797_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1163792</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>57832</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>103020</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>195765</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>451297</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>323217</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019797.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114090552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019797
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001551390
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				900852601
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55168
		FILM NUMBER:		161991016

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		409 BUTLER ROAD, SUITE A
		CITY:			KITTANNING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-548-2501

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		409 BUTLER ROAD, SUITE A
		CITY:			KITTANNING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019797.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 t1600731_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

United States  

  Securities and Exchange Commission  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

(Mark One)  

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP   
 
      (Name of small business issuer in its charter)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,   non accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x  

As of September 30, 2016 this Partnership
had 1,508.53 units of limited partnership interest outstanding. 

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013   A LP   

  (A Delaware Limited Partnership)  

  INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT  

  ON FORM 10-Q  

PAGE   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1:  
       
      Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Condensed Balance Sheets  
       
     1 

Condensed Statements of Operations  
       
     2 

Condensed Statements of Partners  Equity (Deficit)  
       
     3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flow  
       
     4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  
       
     5 

Item 2:  
       
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Unaudited)  
       
     9 

Item 4:  
       
      Controls and Procedures  
       
     12 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1:  
       
      Legal Proceedings  
       
     13 

Item 2:  
       
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       
     13 

Item 3:  
       
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       
     13 

Item 4.  
       
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       
     13 

Item 5:  
       
      Other Information  
       
     13 

Item 6:  
       
      Exhibits  
       
     14 

SIGNATURES   
       
     15 

CERTIFICATIONS  

IMPLICATIONS OF BEING AN EMERGING GROWTH
COMPANY.   

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act
(the  JOBS Act ) became law in April 2012. The Partnership is an  emerging growth Company  as defined in
the JOBS Act, and it is eligible for certain exemptions from, or reduced disclosure obligations relating to, various reporting
requirements that usually apply to public companies. 

These exemptions include, among others,
not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, any requirements
adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the  PCAOB ) which require mandatory audit firm rotation
or a supplement to the auditor s report in which the auditor must provide additional information about the audit and the
issuer s financial statements, nor with new audit rules adopted by the PCAOB after April 5, 2012, unless the SEC determines
otherwise. The Partnership has not yet decided whether to use any or all of the exemptions. 

Additionally, under Section 107 of the
JOBS Act, an  emerging growth company  is eligible for the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Act ) to comply with new or revised accounting standards. This means an  emerging
growth company  can delay adopting certain accounting standards until those standards otherwise become applicable to private
companies. However, the Partnership is electing to  opt out  of that extended transition period, and therefore will
comply with new or revised accounting standards on the dates the standards are required for non-emerging growth companies. Section
107 of the JOBS Act provides that the Partnership s decision to opt out of the extended transition period for compliance
with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 

The Partnership could continue to be an
 emerging growth company  until the earliest of: 

(i)  the last day of the first fiscal year in which it has total annual gross revenue of $1 billion
or more;   

(ii)  the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of
its units pursuant to its prospectus and Registration Statement with the SEC;   

(iii)  the date that it becomes a  large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), which would occur if the market value of its units held by
non-affiliates exceeds $700 million, measured as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter;
or   

(iv)  the date on which it has, during the preceding three year period, issued more than $1 billion in
non-convertible debt.   

The Partnership anticipates that it will
continue to be an emerging growth company until the termination of the five year period described in (ii), above. 

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Financial Statements: 

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP 
Condensed Balance Sheets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited financial statements. 

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP 

 Condensed Statements of Operations 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited financial statements. 

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP 
Condensed Statements of Partners  Equity (Deficit) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited financial statements. 

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP 

 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited financial statements. 

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

September 30, 2016 

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF
OPERATIONS  

On May 3, 2012 (date of inception), MDS
Energy Public 2013-A LP (Partnership), a Delaware limited partnership, was formed for the purpose of drilling developmental natural
gas wells. The Partnership has a maximum 50-year term, although the Partnership intends to terminate when all of the wells invested
in by the Partnership become uneconomical to continue to operate, which may be approximately 15 years or longer. The Partnership
was formed by MDS Energy Development, LLC (MDS), a related party, as the Managing General Partner (MGP) and M/D Gas, Inc. (M/D),
a related party. In accordance with the terms of the limited partnership agreement, the MGP is authorized to manage all activities
of the Partnership and initiates and completes substantially all transactions. 

In our opinion, the accompanying condensed
financial statements contain all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Partnership s financial statements
for interim periods in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and
with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the SEC. Accordingly, pursuant to such rules and regulations,
certain notes and other financial information included in audited financial statements have been condensed or omitted. The information
presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Partnership s audited financial statements
and notes thereto included in its 2015 Form 10-K. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative
of the results of operations to be expected for the full year. 

The MGP on behalf of the Partnership intends
to apply for deregistration of the Partnership with the SEC upon issuance of the 2016 Form 10-K. This is described more here within
the accompanying notes. 

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Proved Property
Impairment - The Partnership assesses its producing natural gas properties for possible impairment, upon a triggering event,
by comparing net capitalized costs to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows on a well by well basis using estimated production
based upon prices at which the Partnership reasonably estimates the commodities to be sold.  The estimates of future prices
may differ from current market prices of natural gas.  Certain events, including but not limited to, downward revisions in
estimates to the Partnership s reserve quantities, expectations of falling commodity prices or rising operating costs, could
result in a triggering event and, therefore, a possible impairment of the Partnership s proved natural gas properties. 
If net capitalized costs exceed undiscounted future net cash flows, the measurement of impairment is based on estimated fair value
utilizing a future discounted cash flows analysis, which is predominantly unobservable data or inputs, and is measured by the amount
by which the net capitalized costs exceed their fair value.  Estimated undiscounted future net cash flows are determined using
prices from the forward price curve at the measurement date.  Estimated discounted future net cash flows are determined utilizing
a risk adjusted discount rate that is based on rates utilized by market participants that are commensurate with the risks inherent
in the development of the underlying natural gas reserves.  Due to prices remaining relatively flat from year end 2015 through
September 30, 2016, the Partnership did not recognize an impairment charge for the third quarter 2016 to it s proved natural
gas properties.  The Partnership has an impairment charge of proved natural gas properties of approximately $11,810,700 as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Asset Retirement Obligations - The Partnership
applies the provisions of  Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations  and  Accounting for Conditional Asset
Retirement Obligations  and accounts for asset retirement obligations by recording the fair value of its plugging and abandonment
obligations when incurred, which is at the time the well is completely drilled. Upon initial recognition of an asset retirement
obligation, the Partnership increases the carrying amount of the long-lived asset by the same amount as the liability. Over time,
the asset retirement obligations are accreted, over the estimated life of the related asset, for the change in their present value.
The initial capitalized costs are depleted over the useful lives of the related assets, through charges to depreciation, depletion
and amortization. If the fair value of the estimated asset retirement obligation changes, an adjustment is recorded to both the
asset retirement obligation and the asset retirement cost. Revisions in estimated liabilities can result from revisions of estimated
inflation rates, escalating retirement costs and changes in the estimated timing of settling asset retirement obligations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements - In May
2014, the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board issued their converged standard on revenue recognition that provides
a single, comprehensive model that entities will apply to determine the measurement of revenue and timing of when it is recognized.
The underlying principle is that an entity will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an
amount that the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The standard outlines a five-step approach
to apply the underlying principle: (a) identify the contract with the customer, (b) identify the separate performance obligations
in the contract, (c) determine the transaction price, (d) allocate the transaction price to separate performance obligations and
(e) recognize revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied. The revenue standard is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period, and can be adopted under the
full retrospective method or simplified transition method. Early adoption is not permitted. The Partnership plans to adopt the
revenue standard beginning January 1, 2018 and is currently evaluating the impact that these changes will have on our condensed
financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,
new guidance related to the disclosures around going concern. The new standard provides guidance around management s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
footnote disclosures. The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Managing General Partner is evaluating the income and cash flow statements
to determine if a going concern needs to be addressed. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued an accounting
update on statements of cash flows to address diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented
and classified in the statement of cash flows. The update addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing
the existing diversity in practice. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Managing General Partner of this Partnership is currently evaluating
the impact these changes may have on this Partnership's financial statements. 

NOTE 3 - CONCENTRATION OF RISK  

Accounts Receivable - This Partnership s
accounts receivable are from purchasers of natural gas production. The Partnership sells substantially all of its gas production
to a customer who purchases from other Partnerships managed by the Partnership s MGP. Inherent to the Partnership s
industry is the concentration of natural gas sales to a limited number of customers. This industry concentration has the potential
to impact the Partnership s overall exposure to credit risk in that its customers may be similarly affected by the changes
in economic and financial condition, commodity prices and other conditions. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Partnership did not record an allowance for doubtful accounts. In making the estimate for receivables that are uncollectible,
the MGP considers, among other things, subsequent collections, historical write-offs and overall creditworthiness of the Partnership s
customers. It is reasonably possible the estimate for uncollectable receivables will change periodically. Historically neither
MDS nor any of the other Partnerships managed by the Partnership s MGP, have experienced uncollectable accounts receivable.
The Partnership did not incur any losses on accounts receivable for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

NOTE 4 - PARTICIPATION IN COSTS AND
REVENUES  

For the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
approximately $129,000 of gross revenue from the sale of natural gas had been received or estimated for approximately 85,000 MCF
at an average price of $1.52 per MCF. Royalties for this period were approximately $14,000. In addition approximately $68,000 of
gross revenue from the sale of natural gas had been recorded as revenue as a result of the Partnership estimating revenue not yet
received, which is 55,000 MCF at an average price of $1.24. These amounts are recorded as accounts receivable net of royalties
approximating $61,200. The total estimate of expenses to be deducted from those amounts is approximately $57,000, which are typically
transportation, well maintenance and lease operating expense. 

For the quarter ended September 30, 2015,
approximately $137,000 of gross revenue from the sale of natural gas had been received or estimated for approximately 111,300 MCF
at an average price of $1.23 per MCF. This includes approximately $89,000 of gross revenue from the sale of natural gas had been
recorded as revenue as a result of the Partnership estimating revenue not yet received, which is 73,800 MCF at an average price
of $1.21. These amounts are recorded as accounts receivable net of royalties approximating $9,000. The total estimate of expenses
to be deducted from those amounts is approximately $66,000, which are typically transportation, well maintenance and lease operating
expenses. 

NOTE 5 - PARTNERS  CAPITAL  

The Partnership Agreement provides that
MDS shall review the accounts of the Partnership at least monthly to determine whether cash distributions are appropriate and the
amount to be distributed, if any. 

The Partnership Agreement provides for
the enhancement of investor cash distributions if the Partnership does not meet a performance standard defined in the agreement
during the first 8 years of operations beginning the earlier of the first full year of operation after all wells begin production
or 12 months after the final closing of the Partnership. In general, if the cumulative distributions to the investors is less than
10% of their subscriptions for years 1 through 5 and 7.5% of their subscriptions for years 6 through 8, MDS will subordinate up
to 60% of its share, as MGP, of Partnership gross production revenues. As a result of the trend of lower revenue per MCF that the
industry is currently experiencing, the MGP has subordinated 60% of it revenue interest beginning in August 2014 and continuing
through September 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015, MGP subordinated
$18,200 and $19,500, respectively, which was distributed to investors. The MGP s share of expenses exceeds its share of revenue,
due to the subordination, thus, the MGP is not currently receiving distributions and owes the Partnership approximately $37,000
and $19,500 which is included with Accounts Receivable from Managing General Partner at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
respectively. 

NOTE 6 - TRANSFERS AND PRESENTATIONS  

There is no established public trading
market for the Partnership s units and the Partnership does not anticipate that a market for the Partnership s units
will develop. The Partnership s units may be transferred only in accordance with the provisions of the Partnership Agreement
which require: 

the MGP may require an opinion of counsel that registration under applicable federal and state
law is not required;   

the transfer not result in materially adverse tax consequences to the Partnership; and   

the transfer must not contravene any terms of the Partnership Agreement.   

An assignee of a unit may become a substituted
partner only upon meeting the following conditions: 

the assignor gives the assignee the right;   

the assignee pays to the Partnership all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the substitution;
and   

the assignee executes and delivers the instruments, which the MGP requires to effect the substitution
and to confirm his or her agreement to be bound by the terms of the Partnership Agreement.   

A substitute partner is entitled to all
of the rights of full ownership of the assigned units, including the right to vote. 

Investor Partners may request that the
MGP repurchase their units at any time beginning with the fifth anniversary after December 31, 2013 provided that certain conditions
are met. The repurchase price is set at the greater of the partner s share of (i) predominantly 70% of the Partnership s
present worth of future net revenues from the proved reserves as determined under the last reserve report and is reduced by an
amount equal to all of the Partnership s debts or (ii) an amount equal to three times the total amount of distributions paid
by the Partnership to the participant during the previous twelve months. The MGP is also permitted to adjust the purchase price
under certain conditions for changes occurring after the date of the presentment request. Repurchase requests are fulfilled by
the MGP on a first-come, first-served basis and may not exceed 5% of the total units outstanding. The MGP may suspend the presentment
feature at any time if it determines that it does not have sufficient cash flow or it is unable to borrow funds on terms it deems
reasonable. As of September 30, 2016 the MGP has not repurchased any limited partnership units. 

NOTE 7 - NATURAL GAS PROPERTIES  

The Partnership is engaged solely in natural
gas activities, all of which are located in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. Costs capitalized for these activities are as follows: 

NOTE 8 - ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS  

Changes in carrying amount of asset retirement obligations associated
with natural gas properties are as follows: 

Cause for Change in Estimate  
 In December 2015, the MGP revised its assumptions related to the cash outlay expected to be incurred to plug the
Partnership's uneconomic wells. The revision in the asset retirement obligation did not have an immediate effect in the
current year statement of operations, as the increase in the revised obligation will be accreted and the offsetting
capitalized amount will be depreciated over the useful lives of respective wells. 

The above accretion expense is included in depreciation, depletion
and amortization in the Partnership s statement of operations. As of September 30, 2016 the Partnership s estimate
of the costs to plug its wells was $60,000, which has increased from its initial assessment at September 30, 2015 of $21,000 due
to better data available in regards to plugging of vertical Marcellus wells. The Partnership s asset retirement obligation
is measured using a discount rate of 5.57% and estimated useful lives of 1 to 20 years. 

NOTE 9 - RELATED-PARTY ACTIVITIES  

MDS, through entities under common ownership,
performs well services for the Partnership and is paid at competitive rates for these services. In addition, gathering, transportation
and gas marketing is provided by Snyder Brothers, Inc. ( Snyder Brothers ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Snyder Associated
Companies, Inc. Snyder Associated Companies, Inc. is controlled by the father and uncle s of Michael D. Snyder who is Chief
Executive Officer and President of the MGP and the sole shareholder of MDS Associated Companies, Inc., the parent company of the
MGP. Mr. Snyder is a minority shareholder of Snyder Associated Companies, Inc. The MGP also receives a fully accountable reimbursement
for actual administrative costs. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 the Partnership paid MDS approximately, $28,800 respectively
in each period for well maintenance fees related to the revenue producing wells and this amount is included in the due to managing
general partner account on the balance sheet. The Partnership also has an accrued liability of approximately $96,000 and $82,000
due to the MGP as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which relates to lease operating and general and administrative
expenses. 

NOTE 10 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT  

This Partnership's fair value measurements
were estimated pursuant to a fair value hierarchy that requires this Partnership to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the
valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level
1) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (Level 3). In some cases, the inputs used to measure fair value might fall in different
levels of the fair value hierarchy. In these cases, the lowest level input that is significant to a fair value measurement in its
entirety determines the applicable level in the fair value hierarchy. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair
value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, considering factors specific to the asset or liability, and may affect the
valuation of the assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. The carrying value of the financial
instruments included in current assets and current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these
instruments. 

The MGP utilizes fair value, on a non-recurring
basis, to perform impairment testing on this Partnership's natural gas properties by comparing net capitalized costs, or carrying
value, to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows. If net capitalized costs exceed undiscounted future net cash flows, the
measurement of impairment is based on estimated fair value and is measured by the amount by which the net capitalized costs exceed
their fair value, which is generally determined using the discounted cash flows. 

The fair values were determined using the
income approach and were based on the expected present values of the future cash flows from proved reserves. Significant level
3 assumptions associated with the calculation of discounted cash flows used in the impairment analysis included estimates of production
costs, development expenditures, anticipated production of reserves, appropriate risk   adjusted discount rates and other
relevant data. 

NOTE 11 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Environmental 

Due to the nature of the natural gas industry,
the Partnership is exposed to environmental risks through the services provided to it by affiliated companies. 

The affiliated companies have various policies
and procedures to avoid environmental contamination and mitigate the risks from environmental contamination. The affiliated companies
conduct periodic reviews to identify changes in their environmental risk profile. Liabilities are accrued when environmental assessments
and/or clean-ups are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The MGP is not aware of any environmental claims existing
as of September 30, 2016. However, there can be no assurance that current regulatory requirements will not change or unknown past
noncompliance with environmental laws will not be discovered on the Partnership s properties. 

Legal 

Neither the Partnership nor the MGP are
party to any pending legal proceeding that the MGP believes would have a materially adverse effect on the Partnership s business,
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

ITEM 2.              MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)  

The following discussion and analysis should
be read together with the Partnership s unaudited condensed balance sheets and related notes thereto set forth in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. Please also refer to the Partnership s prospectus dated May 2, 2013 for further details regarding the
matters discussed below. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

When used in this Form 10-Q, the words
 believes,   anticipates,   expects  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from the results stated or implied in
this document. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those reflected in any forward-looking statements, as a result of a variety of risks and uncertainties, including
those described under  Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward Looking Statements  and  Risk Factors  of
the prospectus dated May 2, 2013.  

Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Partnership undertakes no obligation
to publicly release the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements which the Partnership may make to reflect events
or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-Q or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  

Overview  

Business of the Partnership, the Managing
General Partner and Certain Relationships  

The Partnership drilled development wells
which means a well drilled within the proved area of a natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be
productive. Only vertical natural gas wells in the Marcellus Shale area in western Pennsylvania were drilled. The Partnership Agreement
governs the rights and obligations of the partners. The investment return will depend solely on the operations and success or lack
of success of the Partnership. 

The Partnership has been formed as a limited
partnership under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act. 1,508.53 units have been sold for an aggregate price of
$15,001,000. 

The MGP of the Partnership is MDS, a Pennsylvania
limited liability company which also serves as MGP of ten private drilling partnerships, in the aggregate. 

The gas marketing is handled by Snyder
Brothers. The MGP receives fees and profits in connection with the Partnership s business. 

Governance  

The Partnership has no executive officers
and currently does not have any directors. Because the Partnership itself does not employ any persons, the MGP has determined that
the Partnership will rely on a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics adopted by the MGP that applies to the executive officers, employees
and other persons performing services for the MGP. 

The MGP, on behalf of the investor members,
and after evaluating the SEC regulations and guidance, has decided to deregister the Partnership as it believes the Partnership
fits all requirements per the SEC to deregister this entity.  Shortly following
the filing of the 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K, this Partnership expects that it will file with the SEC a Form 15 to deregister
its equity securities under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to suspend its reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d)
of the Exchange Act. After careful consideration, the Managing General Partner determined that such deregistration and suspension
of reporting obligations is in the best interests of this Partnership and its non-affiliated investor partners. The Managing General
Partner believes deregistration and suspension of reporting obligations will decrease the costs related to the preparation and
filing of SEC reports and compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act obligations, and such benefits will outweigh any advantages of
this Partnership continuing as an SEC-reporting company. We believe the obligation of filing SEC reports and complying with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act has become too burdensome and expensive for this Partnership. This Partnership is eligible to deregister under
the Exchange Act because its equity securities are held of record by fewer than 500 persons and its assets have not exceeded $10
million on the last day of each of its three most recent fiscal years. Upon filing of the Form 15, this Partnership s obligations
to file periodic reports with the SEC, including Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, will be immediately suspended. The Managing General
expects that the deregistration of this Partnership s equity securities under the Exchange Act will become effective 90 days
after the date on which the Form 15 is filed.   

Conflicts of Interest  

Conflicts of interest are inherent in natural
gas and oil partnerships involving non-industry investors because the transactions are entered into without arms  length
negotiation. The interests of the investors and those of the MGP and its affiliates may be inconsistent in some respects, and the
MGP s actions may not be the most advantageous to investors. 

The Partnership does not directly employ
any of the persons responsible for its management or operation. Rather, the personnel of the MGP manage and operate the Partnership s
business, and they will also spend a substantial amount of time managing the business and affairs of the MGP s other affiliates,
which creates a conflict regarding the allocation of their time between the Partnership s business and affairs and the MGP s
other business interests. In this regard, the Partnership s policies and procedures for reviewing, approving or ratifying
related party transactions with the MGP are set forth in the partnership agreement. Due to the family relationship between Mr.
Snyder and the principals and certain executive officers of Snyder Brothers, transactions between Snyder Brothers and its affiliates
and the Partnership are subject to similar restrictions and conditions as transactions between the Partnership and affiliates of
the MGP. 

Natural Gas Sales    

The Partnership currently uses the  net-back 
method of accounting for arrangements related to its commodity sales. This Partnership sells commodities at the wellhead and collects
a price and recognizes revenues based on the wellhead sales price as transportation costs downstream of the wellhead are incurred
by the purchaser and reflected in the wellhead price. 

As of September 30, 2016, all of the aggregate
capital from our offering of the units has been expended; fourteen wells have been completed and are producing revenue. As of September
30, 2016, approximately $312,500 of gross revenue from the sale of natural gas had been received for approximately 230,000 MCF
of production with an average realized price of $1.36 per MCF. In addition approximately $68,000 of gross revenue from the sale
of natural gas had been recorded as revenue as a result of the Partnership estimating revenue from production for which the proceeds
of the sale of the natural gas had not yet been received and those amounts are recorded as accounts receivable. The average realizable
price per MCF for this estimated revenue is $1.24 per MCF for estimated production of 55,000 MCF of production. 

Natural gas pricing is predominately driven
by the supply and demand in the physical and financial markets. Natural gas is sold under various purchase contracts with monthly
pricing provisions based on NYMEX pricing, adjusted for differentials. Natural gas prices vary by locality, depending upon the
distance to markets, availability of pipeline capacity and supply and demand relationships in that region. The Marcellus shale
region, where this production is derived from, has a negative price differential making the prices we are realizing lesser than
NYMEX. 

For the nine month period ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period for 2015 natural gas production decreased approximately 21% as a result of the Partnership
wells depleting inline with normal depletion curves during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. Additionally, there
was a decrease in the average price per MCF for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. The average price per MCF for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $1.34 compared to $1.62 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

For the three month period ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period for 2015 natural gas production decreased approximately 25%, due to the normal decline associated
with these wells. Additionally, there was a slight increase in the average price per MCF for the three month period ended September
30, 2016. The average price per MCF for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $1.51 compared to $1.22 for
the same period in 2015. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Partnership recognized approximately $129,000 of gross revenue from the sale of approximately 85,000 MCF s
as compared to approximately $137,000 of gross revenue from the production of 111,300 MCF s of production in the three month
period ended September 30, 2015. The three month gross revenues from September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 decreased
approximately 6% while the average price per MCF increased 19%. 

Natural Gas Production Costs    

Generally, natural gas production costs
vary with changes in total natural gas production volumes. In addition, general field services and all other costs vary and can
fluctuate based on services required, but are expected to increase as wells age and require more extensive repair and maintenance.
These costs include water hauling and disposal, equipment repairs and maintenance, snow removal, environmental compliance and remediation
and service rig workovers. Production costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $64,300, compared
to the same period in 2015 natural gas production costs decreased approximately $16,000. A factor in the decrease of natural gas
production cost was associated with some of the wells being classified as stripper wells and thus the impact fees that were being
paid on said wells has stopped being assessed during 2016. 

Natural gas production costs for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 decreased approximately $2,000. A factor in this decrease is
similar as to what is discussed above and in a direct result of these wells being classified as stripper wells and not being required
to submit impact fee payments and less brine water hauling and disposal as the wells are now older and producing less water. 

Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization    

Depreciation, depletion and amortization
(DD A) expense was approximately $130,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from production of 285,000 MCFs, compared
to the same period in 2015 which has an expense of $487,000 from production of 384,000 MCFs. The DD A expense rate per MCF
is estimated to be $0.46 for 2016 as compared to $1.26 for 2015. The decrease is due to the impairment charge recognized during
the third and fourth quarters of 2015. 

DD A expense related to natural gas properties is directly
related to proven reserves and production volumes. DD A expense decreased approximately $90,000 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 due to a decrease in production volumes, and the decreased
DD A rate. 

Direct costs - general and administrative    

Direct costs slightly decreased for the
three month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Direct cost for the three month period ended September
30, 2016 was approximately $20,500. Direct costs are professional fees and other miscellaneous administrative expenses of the Partnership. 

Direct costs for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased $1,000 due to an increase in professional fees and other
miscellaneous administrative expenses of the Partnership. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and
Capital Resources    

The Partnership s primary source
of liquidity has been cash flows from operating activities. Fluctuations in this Partnership s operating cash flows are substantially
driven by changes in commodity prices and sales volumes. This source of cash has been primarily used to fund this Partnership s
operating costs, direct cost-general and administrative, capital program and distributions to the investors and the MGP. 

The Partnership s future operations
are expected to be conducted with available funds and revenues generated from natural gas production activities. Natural gas production
from existing properties is generally expected to continue a gradual decline in the rate of production over the remaining life
of the wells. Any additional funds, if required, will be obtained from production revenues, advances or waiving/suspending of fees
from the MGP. 

Working Deficit    

At September 30, 2016, the Partnership
had a working capital deficit of $(36,000), compared to a working capital deficit of $(17,000) at December 31, 2015. The increase
of $19,000 between September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was primarily due the decrease of production volumes, and also
an increase in general and administrative expenses. At the current time, the MGP has permitted the Partnership to not reimburse
the MGP for certain expenses until market conditions become more favorable that amounted approximately $114,000 and $57,000 at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 respectively. Should the MGP require immediate payment the Partnership may be unable to
meet this request. In addition, the MGP has informed the Partnership that it may be able to borrow funds from the MGP on a limited
basis to sustain its operating activities. 

The MGP has subordinated distributions
thus creating and accounts receivable balance on the balance sheet, this accounts receivable balance will be relieved once the
subordination period ends pursuant to the Private Placement Memorandum or an increase in pricing is recognized. 

Cash Flows    

Operating Activities  

The Partnership's cash flows from operating
activities in the third quarter of 2016 were primarily impacted by commodity prices, operating costs, professional fees and reduced
production. 

Net cash flows from operating activities
were $104,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $235,000 for the comparable period in 2015. The decrease
in cash from operating activities was primarily due to a decrease production volumes, as in 2015 the Partnership turned some wells
in line during the 2015 period. 

The MGP is reviewing operating costs, and
the feasibility of these costs, in effort to lower the cash flow impact to the partnership. As mentioned previously, the Partnership
deregistering will increase cash flow to the partnership in the form of reducing the fixed overhead costs. 

Financing Activities  

The Partnership distributed $51,862 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 for the comparable period in 2015 the Partnership distributed $229,281. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the MGP subordinated $18,182 and $14,109, respectively, which was distributed to investors. 

The MGP is evaluating placing short terms
hedges for set quantities of natural gas flow to ensure the Partnership remains cash flowing and distributions being able to be
met. There is no guarantee that distributions will continue you to occur, but the MGP feels that by receiving a fixed price for
the natural gas produced, greatly mitigates the possibility of distributions being ceased or suspended. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The discussion and analysis of the Partnership s
financial condition is based upon the Partnership s condensed balance sheets, which have been prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. The Partnership will base its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes are
reasonable under the circumstances, and the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The Partnership will evaluate its estimates on an on-going basis. 

Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. A discussion of significant accounting policies the Partnership has adopted and followed
in the preparation of its financial statements is included within  Notes to Financial Statements  in Part I, Item 1,
 Financial Statements  in this quarterly report and in its Form 10-K dated March 14, 2016. 

ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The MGP on behalf of the Partnership, with
the participation of the MGP s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and President and the Chief Financial Officer,
evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure
controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the  Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Partnership s management, including
its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. 

Under the supervision of the MGP s
Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chief Financial Officer, the MGP has carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the MGP s
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and President and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that, at September 30,
2016, the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There have been no changes in the Partnership s
internal control over financial reporting for the Partnership during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. 

As an emerging growth company, the Partnership
is exempt from the requirement to obtain an attestation report from the Partnership s independent registered public accounting
firm on the assessment of the Partnership s internal controls pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 until 2018, or such
time that the Partnership no longer qualifies as an emerging growth company in accordance with the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

The MGP is not aware
of any legal proceedings filed against the Partnership. 

Affiliates of the MGP
are party to various routine legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of their collective business. The MGP s management
believes that none of these actions, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the MGP s or
Partnership s financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Incorporated by Reference  

Exhibit  
 No.  
       
      Description  
       
      Form  
       
      SEC File  
 Number  
       
      Exhibit  
       
      Filing  
 Date  
       
      Filed Herewith   

4.2 
       
     Certificate of Limited Partnership for MDS Energy Public 2013-A LP 
       
     10-Q 
       
     333-181993-02 
       
     4.2 
       
     6/10/2013 

31.1 
       
     Rule 13(a)-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 

Filed herewith  

31.2 
       
     Rule 13(a)-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. 

Filed herewith  

32 
       
     Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. 

Filed herewith  

101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance document 

Filed herewith  

101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed herewith  

101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith  

101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith  

101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith  

101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith  

Incorporate all by reference into the document rather than attached. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP  

By: 
     MDS Energy Development, LLC, its Managing General Partner  

Date: November 14, 2016 
     By:  
     /s/ Michael D. Snyder  

Michael D. Snyder, Chief Executive Officer and President  

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this
report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: November 14, 2016 
     By:  
     /s/ Mark H. Axel  

Mark H. Axel, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600731_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Michael D. Snyder, certify that: 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditor and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP  

By: MDS Energy Development, LLC, its Managing General Partner  

/s/ Michael D. Snyder  

Michael D. Snyder, Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600731_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Mark H. Axel, certify that: 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(c)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditor and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP  

By: MDS Energy Development, LLC, its Managing General Partner  

/s/ Mark H. Axel  

Mark H. Axel, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 t1600731_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION  

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of MDS Energy Public 2013-A LP on Form 10-Q for the period ended September  30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned certify pursuant to   906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

MDS ENERGY PUBLIC 2013-A LP  

By: MDS Energy Development, LLC, its Managing General Partner  

/s/ Michael D. Snyder  

Michael D. Snyder, Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)   

/s/ Mark H. Axel  

Mark H. Axel, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to MDS Energy Public 2013-A
LP and will be retained by MDS Energy Public 2013-A LP and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 mdse-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mdse-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mdse-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mdse-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mdse-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mdse-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

