<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161216_10-Q_edgar_data_909832_0000909832-16-000040_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4384955</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>113235</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>252187</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1374514</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1831023</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>728629</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000909832-16-000040.hdr.sgml : 20161216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161215210324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000909832-16-000040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161120
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COSTCO WHOLESALE CORP /NEW
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000909832
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-VARIETY STORES [5331]
		IRS NUMBER:				911223280
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0902

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20355
		FILM NUMBER:		162054895

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		999 LAKE DRIVE
		CITY:			ISSAQUAH
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98027-
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4253138100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		999 LAKE DRIVE
		CITY:			ISSAQUAH
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COSTCO COMPANIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRICE/COSTCO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930728

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000909832-16-000040.txt : 20161216

10-Q
 1
 cost10q112016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    
  FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended   November 20, 2016    
  or 

Commission file number 0-20355 
  Costco Wholesale Corporation 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Washington 
      
    91-1223280 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer                    Identification No.) 

999 Lake Drive, Issaquah, WA 98027 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code):   (425) 313-8100 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   YES         NO     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   YES        NO     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                   Large accelerated filer     
       
    Accelerated filer     
      Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   YES         NO         
  The number of shares outstanding of the issuer's common stock as of   December 8, 2016   was   439,240,344  . 

Table of Contents  

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION 
  INDEX TO FORM 10-Q    

Page 
      PART I 
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
      Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
    3 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    3 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income  
    4 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
    5 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    6 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    18 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    26 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    27 

PART II 
     OTHER INFORMATION  
      
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    27 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    27 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    27 
      Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    27 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    28 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    28 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    28 
        
     Signatures  
    29 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1 Financial Statements 
   
  COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (amounts in millions, except par value and share data) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (amounts in millions, except per share data) 
  (unaudited)      

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION 
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (amounts in millions) 
  (unaudited)      

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (amounts in millions) 
  (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (amounts in millions, except share, per share, and warehouse count data) 
  (unaudited) 
   
  Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Description of Business 
  Costco Wholesale Corporation (Costco or the Company), a Washington corporation, and its subsidiaries operate membership warehouses based on the concept that offering members low prices on a limited selection of nationally branded and private-label products in a wide range of merchandise categories will produce high sales volumes and rapid inventory turnover. At   November 20, 2016  , Costco operated   723   warehouses worldwide:   506   United States (U.S.) locations (in   44   states, Washington, D.C., and Puerto Rico),   94   Canada locations,   36   Mexico locations,   28   United Kingdom (U.K.) locations,   25   Japan locations,   12   Korea locations,   12   Taiwan locations,   eight   Australia locations and   two   Spain locations. The Company's online business operates websites in the U.S., Canada, U.K., Mexico, Korea, and Taiwan. 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Costco, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and subsidiaries in which it has a controlling interest. The Company reports noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities as a component of equity separate from the Company s equity. All material inter-company transactions between and among the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company s net income excludes income attributable to noncontrolling interests in its operations in Taiwan and Korea. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco. 
  These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q for interim financial reporting pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). While these statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for fair presentation of the results of the interim period, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) for complete financial statements. Therefore, the interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company's Annual Report filed on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   August 28, 2016  .  
  Fiscal Year End 
  The Company operates on a   52/53   week fiscal year basis, with the fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to the   first   quarters of   2017   and   2016   relate to the 12-week fiscal quarters ended   November 20, 2016  , and   November 22, 2015  , respectively. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
  Reclassifications 
  Certain reclassifications have been made to prior fiscal year amounts or balances to conform to the presentation in the current fiscal year. These reclassifications did not have a material impact on the Company's previously reported condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  The Company accounts for certain assets and liabilities at fair value. The carrying value of the Company s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables and accounts payable, approximate fair value due to their short-term nature or variable interest rates. See Notes 2, 3, and 4 for the carrying value and fair value of the Company s investments, derivative instruments, and fixed-rate debt, respectively. 
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is estimated by applying a fair value hierarchy, which requires maximizing the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The three levels of inputs are: 
  Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
  Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 
  Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data. 
  The Company s current financial liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying values. The Company s long-term financial liabilities consist of long-term debt, which is recorded on the balance sheet at issuance price and adjusted for any applicable unamortized discounts or premiums and debt issuance costs. There have been no material changes to the valuation techniques utilized in the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities as disclosed in the Company's   2016   Form 10-K. 
  Merchandise Inventories 
  Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. U.S. merchandise inventories are valued by the cost method of accounting, using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) basis. The Company believes the LIFO method more fairly presents the results of operations by more closely matching current costs with current revenues. The Company records an adjustment each quarter, if necessary, for the projected annual effect of inflation or deflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end, after actual inflation rates and inventory levels for the year have been determined. Canadian and Other International merchandise inventories are predominantly valued using the cost and retail inventory methods, respectively, using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis.  
  As of   November 20, 2016  , U.S. merchandise inventories valued at LIFO approximated FIFO after considering the lower of cost or market principle.  As of   August 28, 2016  , the cumulative impact of the LIFO valuation on merchandise inventories was immaterial.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
  Derivatives 
  The Company is exposed to foreign-currency exchange-rate fluctuations in the normal course of business. It manages these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of fluctuations of foreign exchange on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts relate primarily to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company s international subsidiaries, whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. Currently, these contracts do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The Company seeks to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and does not intend to engage in speculative transactions. These contracts do not contain any credit-risk-related contingent features. The aggregate notional amounts of open, unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were   $574   and   $572   at   November 20, 2016  , and   August 28, 2016  , respectively. The Company seeks to manage counterparty risk associated with these contracts by limiting transactions to counterparties with which the Company has an established banking relationship. There can be no assurance that this practice is effective. The contracts are limited to less than one year in duration. See Note 3 for information on the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts as of   November 20, 2016  , and   August 28, 2016  . 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

The unrealized gains or losses recognized in interest income and other, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income relating to the net changes in the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts was a net gain of     $30   in the   first   quarter of   2017   and immaterial in the   first   quarter of   2016  .  
  The Company is exposed to fluctuations in prices for the energy it consumes, particularly electricity and natural gas, which it seeks to partially mitigate through the use of fixed-price contracts for certain of its warehouses and other facilities, primarily in the U.S. and Canada. The Company also enters into variable-priced contracts for some purchases of natural gas, in addition to fuel for its gas stations, on an index basis. These contracts meet the characteristics of derivative instruments, but generally qualify for the  normal purchases or normal sales  exception under authoritative guidance and require no mark-to-market adjustment. 
  Foreign Currency 
  The Company recognizes foreign-currency transaction gains and losses related to revaluing or settling  monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency in interest income and other, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income. Generally, these include the U.S. dollar cash and cash equivalents and the U.S. dollar payables of consolidated subsidiaries revalued to their functional currency. Also included are realized foreign-currency gains or losses from settlements of forward foreign-exchange contracts. These items resulted in a net loss of   $17   in the   first   quarter of   2017   and a net gain of   $19   in the   first   quarter of   2016  . 
  Stock Repurchase Programs 
  Repurchased shares of common stock are retired, in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation Act. The par value of repurchased shares is deducted from common stock and the excess repurchase price over par value is deducted by allocation to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. The amount allocated to additional paid-in capital is the current value of additional paid-in capital per share outstanding and is applied to the number of shares repurchased. Any remaining amount is allocated to retained earnings. See Note 5 for additional information. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued new guidance on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The guidance converges the requirements for reporting revenue and requires disclosures sufficient to describe the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from these contracts. Companies can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company plans to adopt this guidance at the beginning of its first quarter of fiscal year 2019.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on leases, which will require lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by all leases with terms greater than twelve months. The standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company plans to adopt this guidance at the beginning of its first quarter of fiscal year 2020. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on stock compensation, which is intended to simplify accounting for share-based payment transactions. The guidance will change several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company plans to adopt this guidance at the beginning of its first quarter of fiscal year 2018. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

The Company is evaluating the impact of these standards on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
   
  Note 2 Investments 
  The Company's major categories of investments have not materially changed from the annual reporting period ended   August 28, 2016  . The Company s investments were as follows: 

At   November 20, 2016  , and   August 28, 2016  , there were no available-for-sale securities with continuous unrealized-loss positions. During the   first   quarter of   2017  , unrealized gains and losses on cash and cash equivalents were not material. During the   first   quarter of   2016  , there were no unrealized gains and losses on cash and cash equivalents. 
  The proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities were   $32   and   $50   during the   first   quarter of   2017   and   2016  , respectively. Gross realized gains and losses from sales of available-for-sale securities during the   first   quarter of   2017   and   2016   were not material. 
  The maturities of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities at   November 20, 2016  , were as follows: 

10 

Table of Contents  

Note 3 Fair Value Measurement 
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  The tables below present information regarding financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicate the level within the fair value hierarchy reflecting the valuation techniques utilized to determine fair value. 

_______________ 
           (1) 
    Included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
              (2) 
    At November 20, 2016, $10 and $1,044 were included in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, respectively, in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. At August 28, 2016, there were no securities included in cash and cash equivalents and $1,034 included in short-term investments in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
              (3) 
    The asset and the liability values are included in other current assets and other current liabilities, respectively, in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 1 for additional information on derivative instruments. 
     At   November 20, 2016  , and   August 28, 2016  , the Company did not hold any Level 3 financial assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There were no transfers in or out of Level 1 or 2 during the   first   quarter of   2017   or   2016  . 
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
  Financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include held-to-maturity investments that are carried at amortized cost. There were no fair value adjustments to these financial assets during the   first     quarter of   2017   or   2016  . 
  Nonfinancial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include items such as long-lived assets. There were no fair value adjustments resulting from an impairment to nonfinancial assets during the   first   quarter of   2017   or   2016  . 
   
  Note 4 Debt 
  The estimated fair value of the Company s debt is based primarily on reported market values, recently completed market transactions, and estimates based upon interest rates, maturities, and credit risk. Substantially all of the Company's long-term debt is valued using Level 2 inputs. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Note 4 Debt (Continued) 

The carrying and estimated fair values of the Company s long-term debt consisted of the following: 

Note 5 Equity and Comprehensive Income 
  Dividends 
  The Company s current quarterly dividend rate is   $0.45   per share, compared to   $0.40   per share in the   first   quarter of   2016  . On   October 12, 2016  , the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend in the amount of   $0.45   per share, which was paid on   November 18, 2016  .  
  Stock Repurchase Programs 
  Stock repurchase activity during the   first   quarter of   2017   and   2016   is summarized below: 

The remaining amount available for stock repurchases under our approved plan, which expires in April 2019, was   $3,100   at   November 20, 2016  . These amounts may differ from the stock repurchase balances in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of a quarter. Purchases are made from time-to-time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under SEC Rule 10b5-1. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Note 5 Equity and Comprehensive Income (Continued) 

Components of Equity and Comprehensive Income 
  The following tables show the changes in equity attributable to Costco and the noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiaries: 

Note 6 Stock-Based Compensation 
  The Seventh Restated 2002 Stock Incentive Plan (Seventh Plan) authorized the issuance of   23,500,000   shares (  13,429,000   RSUs) of common stock for future grants in addition to the shares authorized under the previous plan. The Company issues new shares of common stock upon vesting of RSUs. Shares for vested RSUs are generally delivered to participants annually, net of shares equal to the minimum statutory withholding taxes. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Note 6 Stock-Based Compensation (Continued) 

Summary of Restricted Stock Unit Activity 
  At   November 20, 2016  ,   11,250,000   shares were available to be granted as RSUs and the following awards were outstanding: 
             
    7,621,000   time-based RSUs, which vest upon continued employment over specified periods of time; 
                
    297,000   performance-based RSUs, granted to certain executive officers of the Company, for which the performance targets have been met. The awards vest upon continued employment over specified periods of time; and 
                
    251,000   performance-based RSUs, granted to executive officers of the Company, subject to achievement of performance targets for fiscal   2017  , as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors after the end of the fiscal year. These awards are not included in the table below. 
     The following table summarizes RSU transactions during the first quarter of   2017  : 

The remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs at   November 20, 2016  , was   $993  , and the weighted-average period over which this cost will be recognized is   1.9   years.  
  Summary of Stock-Based Compensation 
  The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense and the related tax benefits under the Company s plans:  

14 

Table of Contents  

Note 7 Net Income per Common and Common Equivalent Share  
  The following table shows the amounts used in computing net income per share and the weighted average number of shares of potentially dilutive common shares outstanding (shares in 000 s): 

Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies 
  Legal Proceedings 
  The Company is involved in a number of claims, proceedings and litigation arising from its business and property ownership. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company establishes an accrual for legal proceedings if and when those matters reach a stage where they present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. There may be exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. The Company monitors those matters for developments that would affect the likelihood of a loss (taking into account where applicable indemnification arrangements concerning suppliers and insurers) and the accrued amount, if any, thereof, and adjusts the amount as appropriate. As of the date of this Report, the Company has recorded an immaterial accrual with respect to two matters described below. If the loss contingency at issue is not both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company does not establish an accrual, but will continue to monitor the matter for developments that will make the loss contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. In each case, there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred, including a loss in excess of the applicable accrual. For matters where no accrual has been recorded, the possible loss or range of loss (including any loss in excess of the accrual) cannot in our view be reasonably estimated because, among other things: (i) the remedies or penalties sought are indeterminate or unspecified; (ii) the legal and/or factual theories are not well developed; and/or (iii) the matters involve complex or novel legal theories or a large number of parties. 
  The Company is a defendant in the following matters, among others: 
  Numerous putative class actions have been brought around the United States against motor fuel retailers, including the Company, alleging that they have been overcharging consumers by selling gasoline or diesel that is warmer than 60 degrees without adjusting the volume sold to compensate for heat-related expansion or disclosing the effect of such expansion on the energy equivalent received by the consumer. The Company is named in the following actions: Raphael Sagalyn, et al., v. Chevron USA, Inc., et al., Case No. 07-430 (D. Md.); Phyllis Lerner, et al., v. Costco Wholesale Corporation, et al., Case No. 07-1216 (C.D. Cal.); Linda A. Williams, et al., v. BP Corporation North America, Inc., et al., Case No. 07-179 (M.D. Ala.); James Graham, et al. v. Chevron USA, Inc., et al., Civil Action No. 07-193 (E.D. Va.); Betty A. Delgado, et al., v. Allsups, Convenience Stores, Inc., et al., Case No. 07-202 (D.N.M.); Gary Kohut, et al. v. Chevron USA, Inc., et al., Case No. 07-285 (D. Nev.); Mark Rushing, et al., v. Alon USA, Inc., et al., Case No. 06-7621 (N.D. Cal.); James Vanderbilt, et al., v. BP Corporation North America, Inc., et al., Case No. 06-1052 (W.D. Mo.); Zachary Wilson, et al., v. Ampride, Inc., et al., Case No. 06-2582 (D.Kan.); Diane Foster, et al., v. BP North America  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

Petroleum, Inc., et al., Case No. 07-02059 (W.D. Tenn.); Mara Redstone, et al., v. Chevron USA, Inc., et al., Case No. 07-20751 (S.D. Fla.); Fred Aguirre, et al. v. BP West Coast Products LLC, et al., Case No. 07-1534 (N.D. Cal.); J.C. Wash, et al., v. Chevron USA, Inc., et al.; Case No. 4:07cv37 (E.D. Mo.); Jonathan Charles Conlin, et al., v. Chevron USA, Inc., et al.; Case No. 07 0317 (M.D. Tenn.); William Barker, et al. v. Chevron USA, Inc., et al.; Case No. 07-cv-00293 (D.N.M.); Melissa J. Couch, et al. v. BP Products North America, Inc., et al., Case No. 07cv291 (E.D. Tex.); S. Garrett Cook, Jr., et al., v. Hess Corporation, et al., Case No. 07cv750 (M.D. Ala.); Jeff Jenkins, et al. v. Amoco Oil Company, et al., Case No. 07-cv-00661 (D. Utah); and Mark Wyatt, et al., v. B. P. America Corp., et al., Case No. 07-1754 (S.D. Cal.). On June 18, 2007, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation assigned the action, entitled In re Motor Fuel Temperature Sales Practices Litigation, MDL Docket No 1840, to Judge Kathryn Vratil in the United States District Court for the District of Kansas. On April 12, 2009, the Company agreed to settle the actions in which it is named as a defendant. Under the settlement, which was subject to final approval by the court, the Company agreed, to the extent allowed by law and subject to other terms and conditions in the agreement, to install over five years from the effective date of the settlement temperature-correcting dispensers in the States of Alabama, Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. Other than payments to class representatives, the settlement does not provide for cash payments to class members. On September 22, 2011, the court preliminarily approved a revised settlement, which did not materially alter the terms. On April 24, 2012, the court granted final approval of the revised settlement. A class member who objected has filed a notice of appeal from the order approving the settlement, and the appeal is pending. Plaintiffs moved for an award of   $10   in attorneys  fees, as well as an award of costs and payments to class representatives. A report and recommendation was issued in favor of a fee award of   $3.8  . On August 24, 2016, the district court affirmed the report and recommendation. On March 20, 2014, the Company filed a notice invoking a  most favored nation  provision under the settlement, under which it seeks to adopt provisions in later settlements with certain other defendants. The motion was denied on January 23, 2015. Final judgment was entered on September 22, 2015, and the Company's appeal is pending; and 
  A class action alleging violation of California Wage Order 7-2001 by failing to provide seating to member service assistants who act as greeters and exit attendants in the Company s California warehouses.  Canela v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et al. (Case No. 5:13-cv-03598, N.D. Cal.)  The complaint seeks relief under the California Labor Code, including civil penalties and attorneys  fees.  The Company has filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint.  
  The Company received notices from most states stating that they have appointed an agent to conduct an examination of the books and records of the Company to determine whether it has complied with state unclaimed property laws. In addition to seeking the turnover of unclaimed property subject to escheat laws, the states may seek interest, penalties, costs of examinations, and other relief. Certain states have separately also made requests for payment by the Company concerning a specific type of property, some of which have been paid in immaterial amounts.  
  The Company has received from the Drug Enforcement Administration subpoenas and administrative inspection warrants concerning the Company's fulfillment of prescriptions related to controlled substances and related practices. Offices of the United States Attorney in various districts have communicated to the Company their belief that the Company has committed civil regulatory violations concerning these subjects.  The Company is seeking to cooperate with these processes and is holding discussions concerning a potential resolution. 
  On November 23, 2016, the Company s Canadian subsidiary received from the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long Term Care a request for an inspection and information concerning compliance with the anti-rebate provisions in the Ontario Drug Benefit Act and the Drug Interchangeability and Dispensing Fee Act.  The Company is seeking to cooperate with the request. 
  The Company has received notices of violation from the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection regarding hazardous waste practices at its Connecticut warehouses, primarily  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

concerning unsalable pharmaceuticals. The Company is seeking to cooperate concerning the resolution of these notices. 
  The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position; however, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter. 
   
  Note 9 Segment Reporting 
  The Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, U.K., Japan, Australia, and Spain and through majority-owned subsidiaries in Taiwan and Korea. Reportable segments are largely based on management s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which consider geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are the same as described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report filed on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   August 28, 2016  , and Note 1 above. Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income. Certain operating expenses, predominantly stock-based compensation, are incurred on behalf of the Company's Canadian and Other International Operations, but are included in the U.S. Operations because those costs are not allocated internally and generally come under the responsibility of the Company's U.S. management team. 

17 

Table of Contents  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   (amounts in millions, except per share, share, and warehouse count data) 
   
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  Certain statements contained in this Report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They include statements that address activities, events, conditions or developments that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future and may relate to such matters as net sales growth, increases in comparable warehouse sales, cannibalization of existing locations by new openings, price or fee changes, earnings performance, earnings per share, stock-based compensation expense, warehouse openings and closures, capital spending, the effect of accounting standards, future financial reporting, financing, margins, return on invested capital, strategic direction, expense controls, membership renewal rates, shopping frequency, litigation, and the demand for our products and services. Forward-looking statements may also be identified by the words  believe,   project,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   intend,   strategy,   future,   opportunity,   plan,   may,   should,   will,   would,   will be,   will continue,   will likely result,  and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, domestic and international economic conditions, including exchange rates, the effects of competition and regulation, uncertainties in the financial markets, consumer and small business spending patterns and debt levels, breaches of security or privacy of member or business information, conditions affecting the acquisition, development, ownership or use of real estate, actions of vendors, rising costs associated with employees (generally including health care costs), energy and certain commodities, geopolitical conditions, and other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements, except as required by law. 
  This management discussion should be read in conjunction with the management discussion included in our fiscal   2016   Annual Report on Form 10-K, previously filed with the SEC. 
   
  OVERVIEW 
  We operate membership warehouses based on the concept that offering our members low prices on a limited selection of nationally branded and private-label products in a wide range of merchandise categories will produce high sales volumes and rapid inventory turnover. When combined with the operating efficiencies achieved by volume purchasing, efficient distribution and reduced handling of merchandise in no-frills, self-service warehouse facilities, these volumes and turnover enable us to operate profitably at significantly lower gross margins (net sales less merchandise costs) than most other retailers.  
  We believe that the most important driver of our profitability is sales growth, particularly comparable warehouse sales (comparable sales) growth. We define comparable sales as sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, as well as online sales related to websites operating for more than one year. Comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit (average ticket). Sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to the consolidation of the results of our international operations); and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions (primarily impacting our U.S. and Canadian operations). The higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage certain of our selling, general and administrative expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. Generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long term. Another substantial factor in sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially the United States. Sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)   (amounts in millions, except per share, share, and warehouse count data) 

global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers. While we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items.  
  Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our  pricing authority    consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). We believe that our gasoline business draws members, but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. 
  We also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are increasingly less significant relative to the results of our total operations. Our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. Our online business growth both domestically and internationally has also increased our sales. 
  Our membership format is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our profitability. This format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase penetration of our Executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. 
  Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. With respect to expenses relating to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. Because our business is operated on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the income statement, particularly merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income. 
  Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and Other International operating segments (see Part I, Item 1, Note 9 of this Report). Certain countries in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wages and benefit costs as a percentage of country sales, and/or less or no direct membership warehouse competition. Additionally, we operate our lower-margin gasoline business in the U.S., Canada, Australia, U.K., Japan, and Spain. 
  In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. This impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)   (amounts in millions, except per share, share, and warehouse count data) 

difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period. 
  Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to the   first   quarters of   2017   and   2016   relate to the twelve-week fiscal quarters ended   November 20, 2016  , and   November 22, 2015  , respectively. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco. 
  Key items for the   first   quarter of   2017   as compared to the   first   quarter of   2016   include: 
             
    We opened eight net new warehouses, five in the U.S. and three in Canada, compared to 11 net new warehouses in 2016; 
                
    Net sales increased 3% to   $27,469  , driven by sales at new warehouses opened since the end of the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016   and a 1% increase in comparable sales. Net and comparable sales results were negatively impacted by price deflation, primarily in the foods and hardlines categories;  
                
    Membership fee revenue increased   6%   to   $630  , primarily due to sign-ups at existing and new warehouses and executive membership upgrades;   
                
    Gross margin percentage increased 29 basis points, driven largely by the impact of a non-recurring legal settlement;  
                
    SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 16 basis points;  
       
   20 

Table of Contents  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)   (amounts in millions, except per share, share, and warehouse count data) 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   
  Net Sales 

Net Sales 
  Net sales increased   $842   or   3%   during the   first   quarter of   2017   compared to the   first   quarter of   2016  . This increase was attributable to sales at the 26 net new warehouses opened since the end of the   first   quarter of   2016   and a   1%   increase in comparable sales. Net sales were negatively impacted by price deflation, primarily in our foods and hardlines categories. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $100, or 37 basis points, compared to the   first   quarter of   2016  , attributable to certain foreign countries in which we operate, predominantly the U.K. of $138 and Mexico of $101, partially offset by a positive impact in Japan of $95. Changes in gasoline prices negatively impacted net sales by approximately $77, or 29 basis points, due to a 3% decrease in average sales price per gallon. 
  Comparable Sales 
  Comparable sales increased   1%   in the   first   quarter of   2017   and were positively impacted by an increase in shopping frequency. Average ticket and comparable sales results were negatively impacted by price deflation, changes in certain foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, and a decrease in gasoline prices. Comparable sales were negatively impacted by cannibalization (established warehouses losing sales to our newly opened locations).  
  
   21 

Table of Contents  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)   (amounts in millions, except per share, share, and warehouse count data) 

Membership Fees 

Membership fees increased   6%   in the   first   quarter of   2017  . This was primarily due to sign-ups at existing and new warehouses and increased penetration of our higher-fee Executive Membership program. Our member renewal rates are currently   90%   in the U.S. and Canada and   88%   worldwide. 
   
  Gross Margin 

The gross margin of core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh foods), when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased 17 basis points. This was attributable to increases in food and sundries, hardlines, and fresh foods, partially offset by a decrease in softlines. This measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses.  
  Total gross margin percentage increased 29 basis points compared to the   first   quarter of   2016  . Excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.55%, an increase of 26 basis points from the   first   quarter of   2016  . This increase was primarily due to a benefit of 19 basis points for a non-recurring legal settlement, 13 basis points related to amounts earned under our new co-branded credit card arrangement in the U.S., and three basis points from our core merchandise categories. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in our warehouse ancillary and other businesses of six basis points, primarily our gasoline business.  
  Gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales (segment gross margin percentage), increased in our U.S. operations, predominantly due to the non-recurring legal settlement and increased amounts earned under the new co-branded credit card arrangement discussed above. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily our gasoline business. The segment gross margin percentage in our Canadian operations increased, primarily due to an increase across all core merchandise categories, except fresh foods, and in warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily pharmacy and e-commerce businesses. The segment gross margin percentage in our Other International operations increased, predominantly due to an increase across all core merchandise categories, primarily food and sundries and fresh foods. 
  
   22 

Table of Contents  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)   (amounts in millions, except per share, share, and warehouse count data) 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 16 basis points compared to the   first   quarter of   2016  . Excluding the negative impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, SG A expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales were 10.67%, an increase of 13 basis points. Warehouse operating costs increased six basis points, due to an increase of 31 basis points in payroll and employee benefit expenses, largely in our U.S. operations, which were partially offset by lower costs associated with the new co-branded credit card arrangement in the U.S. of 25 basis points. Our central operating costs increased nine basis points, predominantly due to costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation expense for projects placed in service, incurred by our U.S. operations. Stock compensation expense was higher by six basis points, due primarily to accelerated vesting for long service.  SG A expense increases were partially offset by eight basis points for non-recurring legal and regulatory matters recorded in the first quarter of 2016.  
   
  Preopening Expense    

Preopening expenses include costs for startup operations related to new warehouses, including relocations, development in new international markets, and expansions at existing warehouses. Preopening expenses vary due to the number of warehouse openings, the timing of the opening relative to our quarter-end, whether the warehouse is owned or leased, and whether the opening is in an existing, new or international market. For the remainder of fiscal   2017  , we expect to open up to 25 additional warehouses, including two relocations, compared to 20 warehouses, including two relocations, opened in the remainder of fiscal   2016  . 
  Interest Expense 

Interest expense is primarily related to Senior Notes issued by the Company. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)   (amounts in millions, except per share, share, and warehouse count data) 

Interest Income and Other, Net 

Foreign-currency transaction gains, net include mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts and the revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities by our Canadian and Other International operations. See Derivatives and Foreign Currency sections in Part I, Item 1, Note 1 of this Report. 
  Provision for Income Taxes 

The effective tax rates for the first quarter of 2017 and   2016   were impacted by immaterial net discrete items. 
   
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  The following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents: 

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from warehouse operations, cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investment balances. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were   $6,116   and   $4,729   at   November 20, 2016  , and   August 28, 2016  , respectively. Of these balances, approximately $1,301 and $1,071 represented unsettled credit and debit card receivables at the end of the   first   quarter of   2017   and fiscal year   2016  , respectively. These receivables generally settle within four days. 
    
  We have not provided for U.S. deferred taxes on cumulative undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries, including a portion of the undistributed earnings of our Canadian operations, because our subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely, or the earnings if repatriated would not result in an adverse tax consequence.  Although we have historically asserted that certain non-U.S. undistributed earnings will be permanently reinvested, we may repatriate such earnings to the extent we can do so without an adverse tax consequence.  If we determine that such earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested, deferred taxes, to the extent required and applicable, are recorded at that time.   
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)   (amounts in millions, except per share, share, and warehouse count data) 

In the first quarter of 2017, we changed our position regarding an additional portion of the undistributed earnings of our Canadian operations, which are no longer considered indefinitely reinvested. We determined that these undistributed earnings could be repatriated without adverse tax consequences.  
  Management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements and have no current plans to repatriate for use in the U.S. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held by non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries whose earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held at these subsidiaries and considered to be indefinitely reinvested totaled $1,327 at   November 20, 2016  . 
  Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
  Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $  2,793   in the   first   quarter of   2017  , compared to $811 in the   first   quarter of   2016  . Cash provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. Cash used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse operating costs including payroll, employee benefits, and utilities, as well as payments for income taxes. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for the first quarter of 2017 when compared to the first quarter 2016 was primarily due to accelerated vendor payments of approximately $1,700 made in the last week of fiscal 2016, in advance of implementing our modernized accounting system at the beginning of fiscal 2017, which had a positive impact on cash flows from operating activities in the first quarter of 2017. 
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
  Net cash used in investing activities totaled $  655   in the   first   quarter of   2017   compared to $332 in the   first   quarter of   2016  . Cash used in investing activities is primarily to fund warehouse expansion and remodeling activities. Net cash from investing activities also includes purchases and maturities of short-term investments.  
  Capital Expenditure Plans 
  We opened eight new warehouses and relocated one in the   first   quarter of   2017   and plan to open up to 23 new warehouses and relocate two for the remainder of fiscal   2017  . Our primary requirements for capital are acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. To a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations, the modernization of our information systems, and working capital. In the   first   quarter of   2017  , we spent approximately $667, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $2,600 to $2,800 during fiscal   2017  . These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. There can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized, and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs. 
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
  Net cash used in financing activities totaled $  660   in the   first   quarter of   2017   compared to $224 in the   first   quarter of   2016  . Cash flow used in financing activities primarily related to the payment of withholding taxes on stock-based awards and cash dividend payments. 
  Stock Repurchase Programs 
  During the   first   quarter of   2017   and   2016  , we repurchased   809,000   and   898,000   shares of common stock, at an average price of   $151.00   and   $144.88  , totaling approximately   $122   and   $130  , respectively. These amounts may differ from the stock repurchase balances in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of a quarter. The amount available for stock repurchases under our approved plan was   $3,100   at   November 20, 2016  . Purchases are  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)   (amounts in millions, except per share, share, and warehouse count data) 

made from time-to-time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under SEC Rule 10b5-1. Repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation Act. 
  Dividends 
  Our current quarterly cash dividend rate is $0.45 per share. On   October 12, 2016  , our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of   $0.45   per share payable to shareholders of record on   November 4, 2016  . The dividend was paid on   November 18, 2016  . 
  Bank Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper Programs 
  We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. As of   November 20, 2016  , we had borrowing capacity within these facilities of $404, of which $334 was maintained by our international operations. Of the $334, $163 is guaranteed by the Company. There were no outstanding short-term borrowings under the bank credit facilities at the end of the   first   quarter of   2017   or at the end of   2016  . 
  The Company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $149. The outstanding commitments under these facilities at the end of the   first   quarter of   2017   totaled $94, including $91 in standby letters of credit with expiration dates within one year. The bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, all within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities. The amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit outstanding. 
  Contractual Obligations 
  As of the date of this report, there were no material changes to our contractual obligations outside the ordinary course of business since the end of our last fiscal year. 
  Critical Accounting Estimates 
  The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires that we make estimates and judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. Our critical accounting policies are discussed in Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended   August 28, 2016  . There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies previously disclosed in that Report. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See discussion of Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. 
   
  Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  Our direct exposure to financial market risk results from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. There have been no material changes to our market risks as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended   August 28, 2016  . 
  
   26 

Table of Contents  

Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
  As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act)). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
  In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we implemented a new accounting system for the U.S. and Canada, which required changes to certain of our business processes and internal controls over financial reporting. The initial design and documentation of these processes and procedures are complete. They will be updated as necessary to ensure continued effective internal control over financial reporting. 
  There have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
  See discussion of Legal Proceedings in Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. 
   
  Item 1A Risk Factors 
  In addition to the other information set forth in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended   August 28, 2016  . There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  The following table sets forth information on our common stock repurchase program activity for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   (amounts in millions, except share and per share data): 

_______________ 
    
  Item 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None. 
  
   27 

Table of Contents  

Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable. 
   
  Item 5 Other Information 
  None. 
   
  Item 6 Exhibits 
  The following exhibits are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or are incorporated herein by reference.    
   
 ______________ 
  * Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement 

28 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
                       
    C  OSTCO   W  HOLESALE   C  ORPORATION 
  (Registrant) 

December 15, 2016 
    By 
      
    /s/ W. C  RAIG   J  ELINEK 
      Date 

W. Craig Jelinek 
  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

December 15, 2016 
    By 
      
    /s/ R  ICHARD   A. G  ALANTI 
      Date 

Richard A. Galanti 
  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

29 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 costex10110q112016.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
  EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
  THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this  Agreement ), effective January 1, 2017 (the  Effective Date ), is made between Costco Wholesale Corporation, a Washington corporation (the  Company ), and W. Craig Jelinek ( Executive ). 
  WHEREAS, Executive is currently employed as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and is expected to make major contributions to profitability, growth and financial strength of the Company; and 
  WHEREAS, in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company, the Company desires to provide Executive with certain compensation and benefits as set forth in this Agreement and to define the parties  respective rights and responsibilities.   
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and Executive agree as follows: 
  1.  Certain Defined Terms  . In addition to terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms have the following meanings when used in this Agreement with initial capital letters: 
  (a)     Annual Base Salary  means Executive s annual base salary rate, exclusive of bonuses, commissions and other incentive pay, as in effect immediately preceding the Termination Date. As of the Effective Date, Executive s Annual Base Salary is $700,000. 
  (b)     Board  means the Board of Directors of the Company, including any authorized committee of the Board. 
  (c)     Cause  means: 
  (i)    an intentional tort (excluding any tort relating to a motor vehicle) which causes substantial loss, damage or injury to the property or reputation of the Company or its subsidiaries; 
  (ii)    any serious crime or intentional, material act of fraud or dishonesty against the Company; 
  (iii)    the commission of a felony that results in other than immaterial harm to the Company s business or to the reputation of the Company or Executive; 
  (iv)    habitual neglect of Executive s reasonable duties (for a reason other than illness or incapacity) which is not cured within ten (10) days after written notice thereof by the Board to Executive; 
  (v)    the disregard of written, material policies of the Company or its subsidiaries which causes other than immaterial loss, damage or injury to the property or reputation of the Company or its subsidiaries which is not cured within ten (10) days after written notice thereof by the Board to Executive; or 
  (vi)    any material breach of Executive s ongoing obligation not to disclose confidential information and not to assign intellectual property developed during employment which, if capable of being cured, is not cured within ten (10) days after written notice thereof by the Board to Executive. 
  
   1 

(d)     COBRA  means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986, as amended.  
  (e)     Code  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
  (f)     Disability  means, in the opinion of the Company, the inability of Executive, because of physical or mental illness or incapacity, to perform substantially all of the duties and services required of him under this Agreement for a period of ninety (90) days in the aggregate during any twelve (12) month period; provided, however, for the Company to be able to terminate Executive s employment with the Company on account of Disability the Company must provide at least ten (10) days  prior written notice to Executive at any time after the expiration of such ninety (90) day period that confirms its intention to terminate Executive s employment as of the date set forth in the notice. 
  (g)     Good Reason  means: 
  (i)    a material diminution in Executive s Annual Base Salary or Target Bonus below the amount as of the Effective Date or as increased during the course of his employment with the Company, excluding one or more reductions (totaling no more than twenty percent (20%) in the aggregate) generally applicable to all senior executives of the Company; 
  (ii)    a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties or responsibilities; 
  (iii)    a requirement that that Executive report to a corporate officer or employee of the Company instead of reporting directly to the Board; 
  (iv)    a material diminution in the budget over which Executive retains authority; 
  (v)    a material change in the geographic location at which Executive must perform services; or 
  (vi)    any action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of this Agreement; 
  provided, however, that for Executive to be able to terminate his employment with the Company on account of Good Reason he must provide notice of the occurrence of the event constituting Good Reason and his desire to terminate his employment with the Company on account of such within ninety (90) days following the initial existence of the condition constituting Good Reason, and the Company must have a period of thirty (30) days following receipt of such notice to cure the condition. If the Company does not cure the event constituting Good Reason within such thirty (30) day period, the Termination Date shall be the day immediately following the end of such thirty (30) day period, unless the Company provides for an earlier Termination Date. 
  (h)     Target Bonus  means the amount of annual cash bonus at target that Executive is eligible for, as in effect immediately preceding the Termination Date. As of the Effective Date, Executive s target bonus is $200,000. 
  (i)     Termination Date  means the last day of Executive s employment with the Company or a subsidiary or an affiliate of the Company. 
  
   2 

2.      Termination  . 
  (a)      Involuntary Termination  . In the event of: (i) an involuntary termination of Executive s employment by the Company for any reason other than Cause, death or Disability, or (ii) Executive s resignation for Good Reason, subject to Section 4, Executive shall be entitled to the payments and benefits provided in Section 2(b). 
  (b)      Compensation Upon Involuntary Termination  . In the event a termination described in Section 2(a) occurs, subject to Section 4, the Company shall provide Executive with the following: 
  (i)    1.5 times the sum of Annual Base Salary and Target Bonus, paid in a single lump sum cash payment on the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date. (For purposes of this subsection (i), Annual Base Salary will mean the largest among Executive s Annual Base Salary immediately prior to (A) the Termination Date, or (B) any reduction of Executive s base salary described in the first clause of subsection (i) in the definition of Good Reason. For purposes of this subsection (i), Target Bonus will mean the largest among Executive s Target Bonus immediately prior to (A) the Termination Date, or (B) any reduction of Executive s target bonus described in the first clause of subsection (i) in the definition of Good Reason.) 
  (ii)    For the period following the Termination Date until Executive is first eligible for Medicare (currently at age sixty-five (65)), Executive, and where applicable, Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, will continue to be eligible to receive medical coverage under the Company s medical plans in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan documents; provided, that in order to receive such continued coverage at such rates, Executive will be required to pay the applicable premiums to the plan provider, and the Company will reimburse Executive, within sixty (60) days following the date such monthly premium payment is due, an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium payment, less applicable tax withholdings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive obtains employment during this period that entitles him and his spouse and eligible dependents to comprehensive medical coverage, Executive must notify the Company, and no further reimbursements will be paid by the Company to Executive pursuant to this subsection. In addition, if Executive does not pay the applicable monthly COBRA premium for a particular month at any time and coverage is lost as a result, no further reimbursements will be paid by the Company to Executive pursuant to this subsection. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing COBRA benefits without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company shall in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable lump-sum payment in an amount equal to the monthly (or then remaining) COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue his group health coverage in effect on the Termination Date (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage). 
  (iii)    Any outstanding stock options held by Executive that are vested and exercisable as of the Termination Date shall remain exercisable, notwithstanding anything in any other agreement governing such options, until the earlier of (A) a period of one year after the Termination Date, or (B) the original term of the option. 
  (iv)    Any Restricted Stock Units held by Executive that are unvested as of the Termination Date shall vest.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the applicable Grant Detail and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, any unvested Restricted Stock Units that so vest will be settled within three (3) business days following the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date.  
  (v)    Any of Executive s performance-based Restricted Stock Units ( PRUs ) that remain outstanding as of the Termination Date shall be treated in accordance with the terms of a written letter agreement or other instrument between the Company and Executive (a  PRU  
  
   3 

Agreement  provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the PRU Agreement, none of the PRUs will be settled until after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date, but in any event by the sixty-fifth (65th) day following the last day of the applicable performance period for the PRUs  
  3.      Termination of Employment on Account of Disability, Death, Cause or Voluntary Resignation Without Good Reason  . 
  (a)      Termination on Account of Disability  . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive s employment terminates on account of Disability, Executive shall be entitled to receive disability benefits subject to and under the terms of any disability plan or program maintained by the Company that covers Executive (including under the original terms of any stock option held by Executive), and Executive shall not receive payments or benefits pursuant to Section 2, except that Executive shall be entitled to the following benefits, subject to Section 4: 
  (i)    For a period of up to eighteen (18) months following the Termination Date, Executive, and where applicable, Executive s spouse and eligible dependents will continue to be eligible to receive medical coverage under the Company s medical plans in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan documents; provided, that in order to receive such continued coverage at such rates, Executive will be required to pay the applicable premiums to the plan provider, and the Company will reimburse Executive, within 60 days following the date such monthly premium payment is due, an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium payment, less applicable tax withholdings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive obtains employment during this eighteen (18) month period that entitles him and his spouse and eligible dependents to comprehensive medical coverage, Executive must notify the Company and no further reimbursements will be paid by the Company to Executive pursuant to this subsection. In addition, if Executive does not pay the applicable monthly COBRA premium for a particular month at any time during the eighteen (18) month period and coverage is lost as a result, no further reimbursements will be paid by the Company to Executive pursuant to this subsection. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing COBRA benefits without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company shall in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable lump-sum payment in an amount equal to the monthly (or then remaining) COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue his group health coverage in effect on the Termination Date (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage). 
  (ii)    Any Restricted Stock Units held by Executive that are unvested as of the Termination Date shall vest.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the applicable Grant Detail and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, any unvested Restricted Stock Units that so vest will be settled within three (3) business days following the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date.  
  (iii)    Any of Executive s PRUs that remain outstanding as of the Termination Date shall be treated in accordance with the terms of the PRU Agreement; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the PRU Agreement, none of the PRUs will be settled until after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date, but in any event by the sixty-fifth (65th) day following the last day of the applicable performance period for the PRUs.   
  (b)      Termination on Account of Death  . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive s employment terminates on account of death, Executive shall be entitled to receive death benefits under any death benefit program maintained by the Company that covers Executive (including under the original terms of any stock option or Restricted Stock Units held by Executive), and Executive shall not receive payments or benefits pursuant to Section 2, except that any of Executive s PRUs that remain outstanding as of the date of death shall be treated in accordance with the terms of the PRU Agreement. 
  
   4 

(c)      Termination on Account of Cause  . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive s employment terminates by the Company on account of Cause, Executive shall not receive benefits pursuant to Section 2. 
  (d)      Termination on Account of Voluntary Resignation Without Good Reason  . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive s employment terminates on account of a resignation by Executive for no reason or any reason other than on account of Good Reason, Executive shall not receive payments or benefits pursuant to Section 2, except that any of Executive s PRUs that remain outstanding as of the Termination Date shall be treated in a manner consistent with Section 2(b)(v) of this Agreement.   
  4.      Conditions on Certain Payments or Benefits  .  
  (a)      General Release of Claims  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in consideration of Executive s receipt of the payments and benefits described under Section 2(b) or Section 3(a), as applicable, Executive agrees that, as a condition to his receipt of any such payments and benefits, he shall timely execute (and not revoke thereafter) a general release of claims (a  Release ), in a form to be provided by the Company, releasing any and all claims of any kind arising from his employment or the termination of his employment with the Company.  To be timely, the Release must become effective and irrevocable no later than fifty-five (55) days following the date of Executive s termination (the  Release Deadline ). If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, Executive will forfeit any rights to the payments and benefits under Section 2(b) or Section 3(a), as applicable. 
  (b)      Clawback Policies  . All amounts payable under this Agreement shall be subject to the terms of the Company s  clawback  policies as in effect from time to time. 
  5.      Accrued Obligations  . To the extent not modified by this Agreement, Executive shall receive any amounts and benefits earned, accrued, or owing but not yet paid to him as of the Termination Date in accordance with the terms of any applicable employee benefit plans, programs, policies and arrangements of the Company. 
  6.      Tax Matters  . 
  (a)      Withholding of Taxes  . The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state, city or other taxes as the Company determines it is required to withhold pursuant to any applicable law. 
  (b)      Parachute Excise Tax  . In the event that any amounts payable under this Agreement or otherwise to Executive would (i) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of section 280G of the Code or any comparable successor provisions and (ii) but for this subsection would be subject to the excise tax imposed by section 4999 of the Code or any comparable successor provisions (the  Excise Tax ), then such amounts payable to Executive hereunder shall be either: 
  (i)    provided to Executive in full; or 
  (ii)    provided to Executive to the maximum extent that would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to the Excise Tax; 
  whichever of the foregoing amounts, when taking into account applicable federal, state, local and foreign income and employment taxes, the Excise Tax and any other applicable taxes, results in the receipt by Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this subsection shall be made in writing in good faith by a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Company (the  Accountants ). In the event of a reduction in  
  
   5 

benefits hereunder, the reduction of the total payments shall apply as follows, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 11.9 of the Company s Sixth Restated 2002 Incentive Plan, as amended: (i) any cash severance payment due under this Agreement shall be reduced; (ii) forfeiture of any acceleration of vesting of any equity-based awards subject to section 409A of the Code, with the tranche that would vest last (without any such acceleration) first being subject to forfeiture; (iii) any acceleration of vesting of any equity-based awards not subject to section 409A of the Code shall remain as originally scheduled to vest, with the tranche that would vest last (without any such acceleration) first remaining as originally scheduled to vest, and (iv) reduction of all other payments and benefits in a manner and order of priority that provides Executive with the largest net after-tax value; provided that such other payments and benefits of equal after-tax present value shall be reduced in the reverse order of payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any reduction under this subsection shall be structured in a manner intended to comply with section 409A of the Code. For purposes of making the calculations required by this subsection, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good-faith interpretations concerning the application of the Code and other applicable legal authority. The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this subsection. The Company shall bear all costs that the Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this subsection. 
  If, notwithstanding any reduction described in this subsection, the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax as a result of the receipt of amounts payable under this Agreement or otherwise as described above, then Executive shall be obligated to pay back to the Company, within thirty (30) days after a final IRS determination or, in the event that Executive challenges the final IRS determination, a final judicial determination, a portion of such amounts equal to the Repayment Amount. The  Repayment Amount  with respect to the payment of benefits shall be the smallest such amount, if any, that is required to be paid to the Company so that Executive s net after-tax proceeds with respect to any payment of benefits (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax and all other applicable taxes imposed on such payment) are maximized. The Repayment Amount with respect to the payment of benefits shall be zero if a Repayment Amount of more than zero would not result in Executive s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the payment of such benefits being maximized. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this paragraph, Executive shall pay the Excise Tax. 
  Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, if (i) there is a reduction in the payment of benefits as described in this subsection, (ii) the IRS later determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax, the payment of which would result in the maximization of Executive s net after-tax proceeds (calculated as if Executive s benefits had not previously been reduced), and (iii) Executive pays the Excise Tax, then the Company shall pay to Executive the amount by which those benefits which were reduced pursuant to this subsection as soon as administratively possible after Executive pays the Excise Tax; provided that, to the extent required by section 409A of the Code, the reimbursement is made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the Excise Tax was paid; the right to reimbursement is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit; and the amount subject to reimbursement in one year shall not affect any other amounts eligible for reimbursement in any other year. 
  7.      Employment Rights; Term of Agreement  .  
  (a)      Employment Rights  .  Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement will create any right or duty on the part of the Company or Executive to have Executive remain in the employment of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company. 
  (b)      Term of Agreement  .  The term of this Agreement shall be one year from the Effective Date, and may be renewed for one or more additional one-year terms upon the written agreement of both parties.   
  
   6 

8.      Successors and Binding Agreement  . 
  (a)    The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, by agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Executive, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor to the Company, including without limitation any persons acquiring directly or indirectly all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise (and such successor will thereafter be deemed the  Company  for the purposes of this Agreement), but will not otherwise be assignable, transferable or delegable by the Company. 
  (b)    This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees and legatees. This Agreement will supersede the provisions of any employment, severance or other agreement between Executive and the Company that relate to any matter that is also the subject of this Agreement, and such provisions in such other agreements will be null and void. 
  (c)    This Agreement is personal in nature, and neither of the parties hereto will, without the consent of the other, assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder except as expressly provided in Sections 8(a) and 8(b). Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, Executive s right to receive payments hereunder will not be assignable, transferable or delegable, whether by pledge, creation of a security interest, or otherwise, other than by a transfer by Executive s will or by the laws of descent and distribution and, in the event of any attempted assignment or transfer contrary to this Section 8(c), the Company will have no liability to pay any amount so attempted to be assigned, transferred or delegated. 
  9.      Notices  . For all purposes of this Agreement, all communications, including without limitation notices, consents, requests or approvals, required or permitted to be given hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when hand-delivered or dispatched by electronic facsimile transmission (with receipt thereof orally confirmed), or five (5) business days after having been mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or three (3) business days after having been sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service such as FedEx or UPS, addressed to the Company (to the attention of John Sullivan, Vice President and Associate General Counsel) at its principal executive office and to Executive at his principal residence, or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in writing and in accordance herewith, except that notices of changes of address will be effective only upon receipt. 
  10.      Section 409A of the Code  . 
  (a)      Interpretation  . Notwithstanding the other provisions hereof, this Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable, and this Agreement shall be interpreted to avoid any penalty sanctions under section 409A of the Code. Accordingly, all provisions herein, or incorporated by reference, shall be construed and interpreted to comply with section 409A of the Code and, if necessary, any such provision shall be deemed amended to comply with section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder. If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without incurring sanctions under section 409A of the Code, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such sanctions will not be imposed. Any amount payable under this Agreement that constitutes deferred compensation subject to section 409A of the Code shall be paid at the time provided under this Agreement or such other time as permitted under section 409A of the Code. No interest will be payable with respect to any amount paid within a time period permitted by, or delayed because of, section 409A of the Code. All payments to be made upon the Termination Date under this Agreement that are deferred compensation subject to section 409A of the Code may only  
  
   7 

be made upon a  separation from service  under section 409A of the Code. For purposes of section 409A of the Code, each payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. In no event may Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment.  
  (b)      Payment Delay  . To the maximum extent permitted under section 409A of the Code, the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement are intended to comply with the  short-term deferral exception  under Treas. Reg.   1.409A-1(b)(4), and any remaining amount is intended to comply with the  separation pay exception  under Treas. Reg.   1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii); provided, however, if any amount payable to Executive during the six (6) month period following the Termination Date does not qualify within either of the foregoing exceptions and constitutes deferred compensation subject to the requirements of section 409A of the Code, then such amount shall hereinafter be referred to as the  Excess Amount.  If at the time of Executive s separation from service, the Company s (or any entity required to be aggregated with the Company under section 409A of the Code) stock is publicly-traded on an established securities market or otherwise and Executive is a  specified employee  (as defined in section 409A of the Code and determined in the sole discretion of the Company (or any successor thereto) in accordance with the Company s (or any successor thereto)  specified employee  determination policy), then the Company shall postpone the commencement of the payment of the portion of the Excess Amount that is payable within the six (6) month period following the Termination Date with the Company (or any successor thereto) for six (6) months following the Termination Date with the Company (or any successor thereto). The delayed Excess Amount shall be paid in a lump sum to Executive within ten (10) days following the date that is six (6) months following the Termination Date with the Company (or any successor thereto). If Executive dies during such six (6) month period and prior to the payment of the portion of the Excess Amount that is required to be delayed on account of section 409A of the Code, such Excess Amount shall be paid to the personal representative of Executive s estate within sixty (60) days after Executive s death. The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement will be exempt from or comply with section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude section 409A of the Code from applying to any such payment or benefit. 
  (c)      Reimbursements  . All reimbursements provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of section 409A of the Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that (i) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred during Executive s lifetime (or during a shorter period of time specified in this Agreement), (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year, (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made on or before the last day of the taxable year following the year in which the expense is incurred, and (iv) the right to reimbursement is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
  11.      Governing Law; Arbitration  .  
  (a)      Governing Law  .  The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Washington, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of such State. 
  (b)      Arbitration  .  Any controversies or claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment shall be fully and finally settled by confidential arbitration in Seattle, Washington, before a single arbitrator.  Judgment on an award issued by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  The arbitrator shall be chosen (i) by agreement of the parties and need not be affiliated with any particular organization, but (ii) absent agreement of the parties, the arbitrator shall be appointed by Judicial Dispute Resolution ( JDR ) in Seattle, Washington, and if JDR is unable to do so, by Judicial Arbitration   Mediation Services, in Seattle, Washington. Absent agreement of the parties to the contrary, discovery and motion practice in the arbitration shall be governed by the Washington Civil Rules and the Local Rules of King County Superior Court, with the understanding that the arbitrator may, at his or her discretion, limit the extent and scope of discovery, and determine the permissibility of pre-hearing dispositive motions. The arbitrator shall fully and finally determine any and all questions of arbitrability. Confidentiality  
  
   8 

of the arbitration is at the request of, and for the benefit of, both parties.  The Company shall be responsible for payment of any and all costs and arbitrator fees of such arbitration. Either party shall have the right to seek emergency injunctive relief in court in aid of arbitration to preserve the status quo pending determination of the merits in arbitration. Venue and jurisdiction for any such action for injunctive relief shall exist exclusively in state and federal courts in King County, Washington. 
  12.      Validity  . If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any provision hereof to any person or circumstance is held invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to any other person or circumstances will not be affected, and the provision so held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal will be reformed to the extent (and only to the extent) necessary to make it enforceable, valid or legal. 
  13.      Miscellaneous  . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in a writing signed by Executive and the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto or compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party will be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, expressed or implied with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party that are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. References to Sections are to references to Sections of this Agreement. Any reference in this Agreement to a provision of a statute, rule or regulation will also include any successor provision thereto. 
  14.      Board Membership  . At each meeting of the Company s shareholders prior to the Termination Date at which Executive s board term is expiring, the Company will nominate Executive to serve as a member of the Board, subject to required stockholder approval and compliance with the Company s policies and procedures regarding service as a member of the Board. Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason, unless otherwise requested by the Board, Executive agrees to resign from the Board (and all other positions held at the Company and its affiliates), and Executive, at the Board s request, will execute any documents necessary to reflect his resignation. 
  15.      Indemnification and D O Insurance  . Executive will be provided indemnification to the extent permitted by the Company s and its subsidiaries  and affiliates  Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, including, if applicable, any directors and officers insurance policies, and in accordance with his existing indemnification agreement with the Company.  
  16.      Employee Benefits  . Executive will be eligible to participate in the Company employee benefit plans, programs, policies and arrangements that are applicable to other executive officers of the Company, as such plans, programs, policies and arrangements may exist from time to time and on terms at least as favorable as provided to any other executive officer of the Company. 
  17.      Business Expenses  . Executive will be reimbursed for all reasonable expenses incurred by him in performing his duties hereunder provided that such expenses are incurred and accounted for in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company. 
  18.      No Duplication of Benefits  . The payments and benefits provided under this Agreement shall offset substantially similar benefits provided to Executive pursuant to another Company policy, plan or agreement. 
  19.      Survival  . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the parties  respective rights and obligations under Section 2 will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or the termination of Executive s employment for any reason whatsoever. 
  20.      Counterparts  . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. 
  
   9 

Dated:  December 14, 2016                         COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION 

By: 
    /s/ J  EFFREY   H.     B  ROTMAN 
      
    12/14/2016 

Jeffrey H. Brotman   Chairman of the Board of Directors 

EXECUTIVE 
      
      By: 

/s/ W. C  RAIG   J  ELINEK 
      
    12/14/2016 

W. Craig Jelinek   President and Chief Executive Officer 

10 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 costex31110q112016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, W. Craig Jelinek, certify that: 
           1) 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Costco Wholesale Corporation ( the registrant  
              2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   December 15, 2016    
    
                 /s/    W. C  RAIG   J  ELINEK 
      
      W. Craig Jelinek 
      
      President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Richard A. Galanti, certify that: 
           1) 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Costco Wholesale Corporation ( the registrant  
              2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   December 15, 2016    
    
                 /s/    R  ICHARD   A. G  ALANTI 
      
      Richard A. Galanti 
      
      Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 costex32110q112016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Costco Wholesale Corporation (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   November 20, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, W. Craig Jelinek, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                      /s/ W. C  RAIG   J  ELINEK 
      
    Date: December 15, 2016 
      W. Craig Jelinek 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

A signed original of this written statement has been provided to and will be retained by Costco Wholesale Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Costco Wholesale Corporation (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   November 20, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, Richard A. Galanti, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                      /s/ R  ICHARD   A. G  ALANTI 
      
    Date: December 15, 2016 
      Richard A. Galanti 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

A signed original of this written statement has been provided to and will be retained by Costco Wholesale Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cost-20161120.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cost-20161120.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cost-20161120_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cost-20161120_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cost-20161120_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cost-20161120_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

